Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Intel hints at potential patent infringement by Qualcomm and Microsoft over Windows on ARM’s x86 emulation Last month at the Computex 2017 Qualcomm announced that ASUS, HP and Lenovo will be the first OEM to develop mobile PCs powered by the ARM-based Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Mobile PC Platform with X16 LTE modem. This came after Microsoft failed to bring Windows to ARM chips in the form of Windows RT with Surface with Windows RT and Nokia Lumia 2520. Intel in a blog post earlier this week announcing the fast-approaching 40th anniversary since it introduced the first x86 microprocessor, the Intel 8086, said that it invests enormous resources to advance its dynamic x86 ISA, and therefore it must protect these investments with a strong patent portfolio and other intellectual property rights. It said that it has deep and dynamic patent portfolio with over 1,600 patents worldwide relating to instruction set implementations and said it protects its x86 innovations, and do not widely license others to use them. Intel also said that it has enforced its patent rights against various companies including Transmeta Corporation more recently. This seemingly hints of potential patent infringement around x86 emulation on ARM by Microsoft and Qualcomm. Regarding this Intel said: There have been reports that some companies may try to emulate Intel’s proprietary x86 ISA without Intel’s authorization. Emulation is not a new technology, and Transmeta was notably the last company to claim to have produced a compatible x86 processor using emulation (“code morphing”) techniques. Intel enforced patents relating to SIMD instruction set enhancements against Transmeta’s x86 implementation even though it used emulation. Only time will tell if new attempts to emulate Intel’s x86 ISA will meet a different fate. Intel welcomes lawful competition, and we are confident that Intel’s microprocessors, which have been specifically optimized to implement Intel’s x86 ISA for almost four decades, will deliver amazing experiences, consistency across applications, and a full breadth of consumer offerings, full manageability and IT integration for the enterprise. However, we do not welcome unlawful infringement of our patents, and we fully expect other companies to continue to respect Intel’s intellectual property rights. In reply Qualcomm said: Given our recent announcement with ASUS, HP and Lenovo, we found the blog that one of our competitors published on June 8 very interesting. We look forward to the launch of the always connected Windows 10 PC powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Mobile PC Platform later this year. As showcased at Computex 2017 in conjunction with Microsoft, the Snapdragon 835 Mobile PC Platform brings a true always connected PC experience with support for up to Gigabit LTE connectivity and all-day battery life for sleek, thin and fanless designs. This will change the future of personal computing. Microsoft said: Customers have told us they want Always Connected PCs, which will deliver great productivity at a great price, and we are confident in our ability to bring these compelling devices to market working with a wide range of partners Intel doesn’t name Qualcomm or Microsoft, but it just said that the x86 technology is both proprietary and central to its business and it will thoroughly evaluate any products that claim to emulate x86 technology, and vigorously enforce its intellectual property rights if they believe they are infringed. Both Qualcomm and Microsoft doesn’t directly respond to Intel’s claims and said that it is keen on bringing PCs based on Snapdragon 835 Mobile PC Platform to the market later this year. We should wait till later this year to find out what will happen. Source | Via Author: Srivatsan Sridhar Srivatsan Sridhar is a Mobile Technology Enthusiast who is passionate about Mobile phones and Mobile apps. He is currently using the Motorola Moto G4 Plus. You can follow him on Twitter @ssrivatsan and on Google+ View all posts by Srivatsan Sridhar Author Srivatsan SridharPosted on June 10, 2017Categories Intel, Microsoft, News, Qualcomm Post navigation Previous Previous post: Weekly Roundup: Moto Z2 Play, New 10.5-inch iPad Pro, iMac Pro, HomePod, OPPO R11 and more Next Next post: Google reCAPTCHA Android API protects mobile apps from spam and bot abuse Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Google reCAPTCHA Android API protects mobile apps from spam and bot abuse Intel hints at potential patent infringement by Qualcomm and Microsoft over Windows on ARM’s x86 emulation Weekly Roundup: Moto Z2 Play, New 10.5-inch iPad Pro, iMac Pro, HomePod, OPPO R11 and more OPPO F3 Giveaway Winner Announcement OnePlus 5 benchmark surfaces, OPPO R11 and R11 Plus announced and more – FoneArena Daily OPPO F3 Plus gets Rs. 3000 price cut in India Apple iPhone 7 now available with up to Rs. 17000 discount on Amazon India Moto G5S+, Moto X4, Moto Z2 Force India pricing tipped Government announces DigiYatra in India to provide seamless check-ins at airports OPPO R11 and R11 Plus with Snapdragon 660, 20MP + 16MP dual rear cameras announced CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Digital Payments Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1371, 05 Jun 17 #1370, 22 May 17 #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist GarageBand 10.2 Swift Publisher 5.0 Evernote 6.11.1 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.5.6 Fantastical 2.3.8 DEVONagent 3.9.7 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.12 Caboodle 2.0.3 iMovie 10.1.6 BBEdit 11.6.6     Related Articles Maca Culpa: Apple Admits Mac Pro Missteps and Promises More Transparency (04 Apr 17) Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything In Between (03 Nov 16)     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Macs & Mac OS X | 06 Jun 2017 | Print  | Comment (21) Apple Beefs Up iMac and MacBook Lines, Teases the iMac Pro by Adam C. Engst At WWDC 2017 today, Apple devoted a non-trivial segment of the keynote to new Mac hardware, showing off improved iMacs and performance-enhanced MacBook Pros and mentioning a speed bump to the MacBook Air in passing. After running through all the changes to today’s models, Apple gave a sneak preview of the iMac Pro, a workstation-class version of the 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display that’s scheduled to ship at the end of the year. No mention was made of the Mac mini or Mac Pro, though Apple has already said that the Mac Pro is in the middle of a major redesign that won’t be done until 2018 at the earliest (see “Maca Culpa: Apple Admits Mac Pro Missteps and Promises More Transparency,” 4 April 2017). iMac -- The workhorse of Apple’s desktop line has long been the iMac, which Apple continues to offer in three basic models: a 21.5-inch non-Retina version, a 21.5-inch iMac with 4K Retina display, and the 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display. On the CPU front, each model receives a speed bump thanks to Apple using Intel’s 7th generation “Kaby Lake” processors and increasing clock speeds. You can see the specifics on Apple’s Tech Specs page, but the summary is that Apple is focusing more effort on the 21.5 Retina iMac, offering just a single configuration of the non-Retina model. Benchmarks will show how much faster the combination of new CPUs and higher clock speeds will be, but I suspect purchases will mostly be based on price. Although the iMac Retina displays are already gorgeous, Apple claims to have improved them even more in both the 21.5-inch and 27-inch sizes, increasing brightness 43 percent to 500 nits and supporting display of up to 1 billion colors. The non-Retina iMac model drives its screen with the integrated Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640, but all the Retina models now take advantage of Radeon Pro GPUs, the 555 and 560 for the 21.5-inch models and the 570, 575, and 580 models for the 27-inch models. The notable win here is for the 21.5-inch Retina models, which were previously limited to integrated Intel Iris Pro Graphics 6200. Apple has made the Fusion Drive standard in more configurations, and the company claims that the SSDs available in 256 GB, 512 GB, and 1 TB capacities are up to 50 percent faster. You can also configure the top-of-the-line 27-inch iMac with a 2 TB SSD for a whopping $1400. When it comes to RAM, all base models still ship with 8 GB. The non-Retina iMac and low-end 21.5 Retina model remain limited to 16 GB, but the high-end 21.5-inch Retina model can now take 16 GB or 32 GB, a welcome improvement. Similarly, the low-end 27-inch model still maxes out at 32 GB, but the two higher-end models can take 16 GB, 32 GB, or 64 GB. RAM in the 21.5-inch iMac models cannot be upgraded by the user, but you can install memory in the 27-inch model yourself. Unsurprisingly, Apple replaced the previous models’ Thunderbolt 2 ports with a pair of Thunderbolt 3 ports that support DisplayPort for external screens, Thunderbolt at up to 40 Gbps, USB 3.1 Gen 2 at up to 10 Gbps, and various other protocols via adapters (see “Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything In Between,” 3 November 2016). All these changes are welcome for anyone in the market for a new iMac. I doubt they’re significant enough to warrant trading in an existing Retina iMac, unless Thunderbolt 3 is a necessity. The most interesting changes are actually in the 21.5-inch models, which move past the RAM and graphics limitations of the previous configuration while introducing a cheaper config. The 21.5-inch non-Retina iMac remains priced at $1099, with the two Retina configurations starting at $1299 and $1499. The 27-inch model comes in three configurations: $1799, $1999, and $2299. They’re all available now. Perhaps I’m just boggled by the number of changes Apple announced in the WWDC keynote, but I couldn’t see how to give more context for the changes in relation to previous configurations because the matrix of what models get which build-to-order options was just too complicated. If you want to price out different possibilities, I recommend opening several browser windows so you can compare the configurations side by side. MacBook, MacBook Pro, and MacBook Air -- As with the iMac, Apple updated the processors in the MacBook and MacBook Pro with new Kaby Lake processors running at higher clock speeds. That should improve performance, although likely not by that much. The MacBook Pro models also get improved graphics processing, with the 13-inch MacBook Pro models using Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 and 650, and the 15-inch models switching to Radeon Pro 555 and 560 discrete GPUs on top of Intel HD Graphics 630 and 640. You can now buy a MacBook with 16 GB of RAM, up from the previous limit of 8 GB, and Apple claims that the MacBook’s onboard SSD is up to 50 percent faster. That might make the MacBook a more attractive option, given that lackluster performance was one of its main disadvantages. Despite rumors to the contrary, the MacBook Air lives, but it sees the least change, replacing its stock 1.6 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with a 1.8 GHz model. It remains upgradeable to an Intel Core i7 running at 2.2 GHz. Although these changes are all positive, they do nothing to simplify the difficulty of choosing between the three models. Each falls into the three-dimensional graph of price, performance, and size in a different spot. You’ll have to decide what’s most important to you — cost, speed, or portability — and figure out which of Apple’s notebooks best fits your needs. As with the new iMac models, these updated notebooks are all available now. iMac Pro -- During the private media meeting in which Apple executives confessed to the company’s sins with regard to the Mac Pro, mention was made of pro-related announcements about the iMac coming this year. Apple has now revealed more of what that means, pulling back the curtains on the iMac Pro. Due in December 2017, the iMac Pro retains the same form factor of the 27-inch iMac with 5K Retina display, but swaps the brushed aluminum look for a space gray finish that extends to the Magic Keyboard with Numeric Keypad, Magic Mouse 2, and an optional Magic Trackpad 2. The goal of the iMac Pro is to provide workstation-class performance within the iMac design. The hardest part of that is dealing with heat, because the iMac Pro will feature Intel Xeon processors in 8-core, 10-core, or 18-core configurations. Also playing into the necessary thermal architecture redesign is Apple’s use of a new Radeon Pro Vega GPU, which reportedly features a next-generation compute core and up to 16 GB of on-package high-bandwidth memory (HBM2). Apple says that the iMac Pro with Vega GPU delivers up to 11 teraflops of single-precision compute power for real-time 3D rendering and high frame rate VR. For half-precision computation that’s reportedly ideal for machine learning, the iMac Pro can deliver up to 22 teraflops of performance. (No, we don’t really have a sense of what that means, either, but Apple PR did a good job of making it sound impressive.) The iMac Pro will come with 32 GB of RAM by default, but for a machine in this class, the fact that it’s configurable to 64 GB or 128 GB is more important. A 1 TB SSD is also standard, with 2 TB and 4 TB SSDs as options. Unsurprisingly, the iMac Pro sports four Thunderbolt 3 ports, which enables it to drive up to two 5K displays and two high-performance RAID arrays at the same time. Other connectivity options mimic what’s on the 27-inch iMac with 5K Retina display now, with the exception of Ethernet. Instead of gigabit Ethernet, the iMac Pro will include 10 Gb Ethernet, which could be a big deal when transferring huge amounts of data between machines. How much will all this cost? A lot, with the base iMac Pro configuration starting at $4999. Apple claimed that a comparable workstation would cost about $7000, without a 5K display. Even still, given the high price of large SSDs and RAM, we anticipate that a loaded iMac Pro will easily meet or exceed that $7000 mark. But that won’t stop the audience for the iMac Pro. If you need the maximum performance from a Mac, the iMac Pro will provide it. At least until a new Mac Pro makes its debut, and many of those who live and die by the teraflop won’t want to wait.   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about Apple Beefs Up iMac and MacBook Lines, Teases the iMac Pro To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. As part of the announcement-heavy WWDC keynote, Apple has revved the iMac line with Intel’s 7th-generation Kaby Lake CPUs, higher performance graphics, brighter screens, and faster SSDs. The MacBook and MacBook Pro also get new CPUs, the MacBook becomes more expandable, and the MacBook Air receives a small speed bump. The most unexpected news, however, was the announcement of the iMac Pro, due in December 2017. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Michael E. Cohen   2017-06-06 10:48 And if anyone out there thinks the iMac Pro means that a Mac Pro ISN'T also coming, Apple's press release on the iMac Pro puts that misconception to rest: "In addition to the new iMac Pro, Apple is working on a completely redesigned, next-generation Mac Pro architected for pro customers who need the highest-end, high-throughput system in a modular design, as well as a new high-end pro display." Reply Mackay Bell  2017-06-07 20:38 It seems that part of the reason they revealed that they were working on an expandable Mac Pro (and apologizing for the trash can version) is they wanted people to get excited about the iMac Pro, and not suck up all the air complaining about the lack of an expandable system. By getting that story out before the release, they could get a little more excitement going for the coming of the iMac Pro. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-09 09:49 I think you're spot on. Reply Alan Forkosh   2017-06-06 11:09 It's noteworthy that Apple didn't mention anything about the Touch Bar. As it stands now, Touch Bar is an orphan, present on only on the MacBook Pro line. It strikes me as something that can't really be considered a standard until there is a desktop version of it also--either a new keyboard or a standalone item to be paired with a keyboard. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-06 12:00 In fact, it turns out that Apple did release a new wireless Magic Keyboard with Numeric Keypad. But not with a Touch Bar. Boo! http://techcrunch.com/2017/06/05/apple-has-a-new-wireless-magic-keyboard-with-a-full-numeric-keypad/amp/ Reply Paul Ellis  2017-06-06 13:53 The Touch Bar is a gimmick. It breaks all the rules of ergonomics and focus. It might possibly make some sense when positioned close the the screen, and therefore point of focus, on a laptop, but makes little sense for a desktop. If I were a developer, which thankfully I'm not, I wouldn't be wasting any time developing for it, and certainly not if I'd previously been stung by OpenDoc, QuickTime VR, etc. etc. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:57 I like what Apple is doing with the iMac and I'll give them the benefit of the doubt when it comes to assuming they'll make things right with the new Mac Pro once it finally arrives. The MBP seems fine. I still don't see what TouchBar is supposed to accomplish - I also think it's mainly a gimmick with poor ergonomics. Apple didn't spend any time on it at this WWDC. Does anybody think it might disappear during the next overhaul? I don't really get why Apple is keeping the MBA around instead of just trying to make an inexpensive entry-level MB instead. Since there is no inexpensive entry-level MB, I assume that means the MB is targeting the middle/high-end of the compact/light market. So with that in mind, why in the world did they not replace that USB-C with TB3? If this were a budget Mac at $999 targeted at schools and students, fine. But since this is a midrange Mac we're talking about, why leave it stuck with USB-C? Nothing TB3 offers can't be done with USB-C, but TB3 is just more versatile and it is no doubt the new standard across Macs - well almost, sigh. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:59 (cont.) My only real gripe on the Mac side is the Mac mini. How can Apple just let it sit there to die? Either kill it off already (so people know they'll have to go Hackintosh) or update it. But just leaving it sit there without a clear plan makes we wonder what message Apple is trying to send. It reminds me of the Mac Pro situation before pressure from pros and tech journalists forced Apple to take a stand. I see a lot of potential for the Mac mini, from cheap servers to simple office computers, offering a low-price entry point to the Mac universe, schools, home media servers, etc. I'm afraid all of that is "too techy" and not sexy enough for the new Apple. I really hope I'm wrong. I'm holding onto my trusty Core i5 Mac mini, but with its 4 GB of RAM (could be upgraded) and 500 GB HDD (could also be upgraded, but is that worth it?) its days are numbered even as my home media server. Reply Bertrand Morin  2017-06-06 19:27 Is the memory (RAM) upgradable in the iMac 27in. by the user, as it wad older iMac… Reply James  2017-06-08 07:58 Did you read the product page for the 27" iMac? If not, go back and read it again. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-09 09:48 Yes, it is in the 27-inch model. But RAM in the 21.5-inch model is not user-upgradeable (although it's not soldered to the motherboard either). Reply Scott M.   2017-06-07 01:08 Is there any indication yet if the new iMac models (both 21.5" and 27") have user upgradable RAM? There is some wording on the Apple page that you can upgrade the 21.5" RAM after purchase through Apple or an authorized dealer, but it not 100% clear. And the page for the 27" is completely silent. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-07 09:59 The 21.5-inch models are NOT user-upgradeable, but the 27-inch model is. See http://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201191 Reply Bob  2017-06-08 18:02 Scott, MacRumors reports "iFixit has published a teardown of the new 4K 21.5-inch iMac, which reveals that – surprisingly – Apple's smallest all-in-one desktop machine has both removable RAM and a Kaby Lake processor that's not soldered onto the logic board." Note though, updating is an involved process. Certainly not user-replaceable by the average owner. But at least users aren't irrevocably locked in to what they originally purchased. Reply Scott M.   2017-06-09 02:28 I guess that I should have been a little more accurate with my question. I was more trying to determine if the RAM in both the 21.5" and 27" is upgradable, whether user upgradable as officially supported by Apple or even just upgradable but only officially by Apple or an Apple ASP (which means a user can do it if they are afraid to open up their Mac and maybe end up having Apple not provide support under the warranty if there is a problem). Reply Scott M.   2017-06-09 02:32 Good to know. I am not afraid to open up a Mac even for supposedly no user upgradable items at least officially in Apple's eyes. On my original 2006 MBP, I replaced a fan that was squealing due to the bearings and also upgrade the WiFi card, neither of which was consider user upgradable by Apple (certainly not the fan at least...not sure about the WiFi card). It likely would not matter as if I were in the market for an iMac (I am currently not), I would be going for a 27" model anyway. I am kind of used to the 27" Thunderbolt display that I have, so going back to what would seem like a freakishly small (to me) 21.5" screen would not really be an option. Reply Henrik Munster  2017-06-09 10:46 There is "not user upgradeable" and then there is "not user upgradeable". I have myself opened a few MacBooks and even PowerBooks, but opening an iMac seems to me to be quite frightening. My suggestion would be to at least take a look at the instructions at iFixit before attempting to do anything. Reply Scott M.   2017-06-09 22:00 Always do. When I am going to crack open any Mac (or any other Apple product or even some non-Apple products these days although they tend to cover every Apple product but not so much for non-Apple products), iFixit is the first stop when I even start to think about it. It was their guides that helped me replace the fan on the 2006 MBP and upgrade the WiFi card for that same Mac. iFixit is an excellent source for determining what kind of trouble I might get into. ;-) Reply Simon  2017-06-08 18:20 I wonder if the non-retina 21.5" iMac will have the same SO-DIMM slots? I guess the replaceable CPU is a given because apparently Intel does not offer desktop Kaby Lake with BGA (i.e. soldered). Reply Scott Randell  2017-06-09 15:13 Hey Adam, the hardware part of the announcements were of little interest to me. Mostly because of the price points. The average user will not need an iMac Pro, nor could they justify paying for it. The price points on the regular iMac are ridiculous. The 27 inch with 512 GB SSD is a much better value than the 21 inch with the same add ons. Especially when you consider you can install extra 8 GB of ram yourself for about $60.00 vs the $200.00 Apple charges. With the same add ons the 27 inch is only $260.00 more than the 21 inch. Unless space is a consideration the 27 inch is a much better value, and you can add more ram down the road. I personally hope they come out with a reasonably priced user upgradable tower you can buy as much or as little as you need. Regards to all Tidbits staff. Reply David   2017-06-09 15:45 "The average user will not need an iMac Pro, nor could they justify paying for it" Er...yes? I don't think it's particularly aimed at the average user. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. As part of the announcement-heavy WWDC keynote, Apple has revved the iMac line with Intel’s 7th-generation Kaby Lake CPUs, higher performance graphics, brighter screens, and faster SSDs. The MacBook and MacBook Pro also get new CPUs, the MacBook becomes more expandable, and the MacBook Air receives a small speed bump. The most unexpected news, however, was the announcement of the iMac Pro, due in December 2017. Add a comment  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple’s New iPhones Might Not Have Gigabit Download speeds By Tyler Lee on 06/09/2017 19:07 PDT In case you did not know, for the longest time ever Apple’s iPhones used Qualcomm’s modems for its internet connectivity. However starting with last year’s iPhone 7, Apple started to use Intel’s modems as well, so depending on your region, your iPhone could either be sporting an Intel or Qualcomm modem. It is expected that this mixture will continue with this year’s iPhones, but there’s some bad news. According to a report from Bloomberg, it seems that Apple’s decision to use both Intel and Qualcomm modems will result in iPhones that won’t be able to achieve gigabit download speeds, which apparently is due to Intel’s modems being incapable of achieving those speeds. It is because of that Apple is expected to “limit” Qualcomm’s modem in order to ensure a uniform experience across the board, or so the reports claim. Now you might have heard that Intel has been working on a new modem that will be capable of reaching 1 gigabit download speeds, but the report from Bloomberg claims that it will not be ready in time for this year’s iPhones, so for now iPhone users won’t be seeing too big of a difference in download speeds. As Bloomberg points out, this could clash with the marketing plans of carriers who are touting faster network speeds in 2017. It remains to be seen if this will really be the case so take it with a grain of salt for now. Filed in Apple >Cellphones >Rumors. Read more about Intel, iPhone, iphone 8 and Qualcomm. Related Articles 2017-06-09 Mass Production Of iPhone 7s, 7s Plus, 8 Components Reportedly Underway 2017-06-09 Another Report ‘Confirms’ iPhone 8 Will Have In-Screen Touch ID 2017-06-08 Apple Distributors Arrested In China For Selling iPhone User Data 2017-06-07 Apple Could Expand iPhone’s NFC Capabilities Beyond Apple Pay 2016-12-05 Analyst Thinks Apple Could Dump Intel For The iPhone 2016-09-09 Some iPhone 7 Models Are Apparently Packing Intel’s Modems 2016-06-10 iPhone 7 Will Feature Modems From Intel & Qualcomm [Rumor] 2015-08-18 More Reports Of Apple Switching To Intel LTE Modems For 2017 iPhone Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews All Reviews Editors' Choice Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Best Picks Best Picks All Categories Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Smart Home Devices Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Delete Facebook How to Download YouTube Videos How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router News News All News Features Opinions Fastest ISPS Fastest Mobile Networks Readers' Choice Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Business Choice Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path iOS11 E32017 BostonDynamics iMacPro FathersDayGifts Menu Home/ News & Analysis/ Report: Next iPhone May Not Have Gigabit Speed Report: Next iPhone May Not Have Gigabit Speed By Tom Brant June 9, 2017 08:22pm EST 10 Comments Carriers are already offering gigabit LTE speeds, but the next iPhone may not be compatible because of a modem issue, according to Bloomberg. The next iPhone won't be the absolute fastest phone for downloading files or streaming music, because it will likely lack a gigabit LTE modem, Bloomberg reported on Friday. Apple sources its modems from two different suppliers, Qualcomm and Intel, and while Qualcomm's latest modems can take advantage of gigabit-per-second download speeds that some mobile carriers are now offering, Intel's gigabit modem isn't quite ready yet. Rather than use Qualcomm's modem exclusively for its next iPhone, Apple will continue to use Intel's modems in some models even though they are slower, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with Apple's decision. The decision is not entirely unexpected, since Apple has varied its modem suppliers for many previous iPhone models. But it is particularly noteworthy now because of two recent developments: Apple is locked in a legal battle with Qualcomm, which it accuses of monopolistic and illegal business practices, and one of the iPhone's chief competitors, the Samsung Galaxy S8, has a modem that already supports the gigabit speeds that several carriers are now advertising. Related Need to Fix Your iPhone Screen? That's About to Get Easier Need to Fix Your iPhone Screen? That's About to Get Easier Neither Apple nor Intel immediately responded to a request for comment, and Qualcomm declined to comment. For its part, Apple portrays its smartphones as better than Samsung's, and judging by the queues of eager customers outside Apple stores following a new iPhone announcement, the market for high-end handsets doesn't seem to care much about the device's innards. Those who do care might be able to divine the type of modem in their handset based on which mobile carrier they use. The Intel 7480 modem, one candidate to show up in the next iPhone, doesn't support Sprint or Verizon's CDMA technology, so it's likely that it will power the GSM iPhones for AT&T and T-Mobile, while Qualcomm modems will power the CDMA version. The modem kerfuffle could all be sorted out next year, when Intel's new 7560 gigabit modem is ready. The 7560 supports both GSM and CDMA, which puts it in the running to take over from Qualcomm as the iPhone's only modem. Previous : Intel: Don't Emulate Our Chip Architecture By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Intel: Don't Emulate Our Chip Architecture Intel sent a thinly veiled warning to Microsoft, Qualcomm, and ARM this week, explaining that it wil... More » Dish Fined $280M for Illegal Robocalls The company should have known that its third-party call centers were violating federal and state 'do... More » Samsung Goes Wide With Intense 49-Inch Gaming Monitor The new CHG90 is the widest gaming monitor you can buy, with a resolution equivalent to two full HD ... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles Everything You Missed at WWDC What to Expect at E3 2017 The Coolest Features in iOS 11 The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA AI: The Ultimate Job Creator? »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest About Us PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feed More from Ziff Davis: AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net RSS Feeds Site Map Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
GSMArena.com Tip us 868k 130k 87k 212k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Video Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Essence distilled Samsung Galaxy S8 review - - - Next iPhones may not support gigabit LTE speeds Post your comment Comments (30) Vlad 09 June 2017 Apple iOS Rumors A new report out today says Apple will use both Qualcomm and Intel modems for its trio of upcoming iPhones, reprising the strategy it employed last year for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. And like last year, this means the company will resort to throttling Qualcomm's modems in order to ensure that they perform at the same level as Intel's. While Qualcomm already has a modem that can theoretically reach gigabit LTE speeds (and this is included in the Snapdragon 835 chipset that powers 2017's Android flagships), Intel isn't there yet. It's reportedly working on a modem with similar capabilities, but that part won't be ready in time for the iPhone 8, iPhone 7s, and iPhone 7s Plus that Apple will launch this fall. Apple doesn't want to depend on just one supplier for such a crucial hardware component, and especially not Qualcomm - with which it's embroiled in a lawsuit where it alleges the chip maker is engaging in monopolistic practices. Apple's solution for this entire conundrum is to do what it did last year: throttle Qualcomm's higher-performing modems to the same level as what Intel's part is able to achieve. Thus there will be no performance difference between iPhones sporting the two parts. This might however create a marketing issue for Apple. The big US carriers have all promised to make gigabit LTE networks a reality by the end of the year, and when those launch the newest iPhones won't support them. On the other hand, Samsung's Galaxy S8, S8+, and Note8 all will, along with other Android handsets powered by the Snapdragon 835. As the carriers are expected to push this advancement a lot in their ads, Apple's image could suffer. Source Related articles Apple rumored to move to microLED displays for its wearables New Apple iPad Pro 10.5 and 12.9 debut Apple announces watchOS 4 with new watchfaces, improved Workouts, and more Apple WWDC 2017 wrap-up Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 30 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy S8 69,784 2. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 60,705 3. OnePlus 5 57,709 4. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 57,584 5. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) 52,748 6. Nokia 6 51,769 7. Xiaomi Redmi 4a 45,366 8. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 40,707 9. Samsung Galaxy S8+ 40,537 10. Apple iPhone 6 40,090 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 2,216 2. OnePlus 3 1,698 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,689 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,664 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,545 6. HTC 10 1,478 7. LG G5 1,238 8. Samsung Galaxy S8 1,205 9. OnePlus 3T 934 10. Xiaomi Mi Mix 889 Home News Reviews Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Trump punches back, accuses Comey of lying to Congress News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories GOP responds with shrug Judge paid, despite losing duties Green Island home raided in narcotics probe Cohoes man sentenced to 5 years in stabbing, slashing case Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Cavs keep hopes alive Braves hustle past Mets with heads-up play Yankees power past Orioles Noteworthy Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Prime minister tries to carry on Banks lead U.S. stocks slightly higher; oil slumps Retailers a drag on market Apple chats up Siri vs. Alexa Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories People in the news: This Caesar a little like Trump People in the news: Cosby accuser stands by story Guide for summer fun in the Capital Region Picks Of The Week Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Cirque du Soleil takes its act on Mediterranean cruises Erie Canal Celebration 2017 Confidence, courage key theme at Women@Work Summit Feeding the cause Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Despite travel ban, UAlbany football game in N.C. will go on Jewish-Muslim Dialogue: A One Act Play Josh Rultenberg out as sportscaster at WTEN (updated) This week on ‘NYN’: One busy session week down, two TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Field wide open for Triple Crown finale 'Megan Leavey' gets stronger later Erie Canal celebrates history, looks to future Region's rail riders still waiting for Amtrak plans Jobs Top Workplaces Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Albany Med service targets executive patients Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Capital Region landlords share lessons learned House of the Week: Colonial in East Greenbush High & Low Learning lessons from a garage sale fail Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Father’s Day money-saving tips and gift ideas Free movies: Bow Tie Cinemas Summer Kids Series returns June 20 What to buy in June? Key items to “buy” or “wait to buy” during MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/New-iPhone-said-lacking-tech-to-match-rivals-11209657.php New iPhone said lacking tech to match rivals Policy of using multiple suppliers hurts ability to maximize data speed Ian King, Scott Moritz and Mark Gurman, Bloomberg Published 8:12 pm, Friday, June 9, 2017 Verizon, AT&T and the rest of the U.S. wireless industry have a big boast for this year's crop of smartphones: thanks to network upgrades, devices will be able to download as much as a gigabit of data in a single second — speeds 100 times faster than before. But that won't be the case for Apple Inc.'s newest iPhones, devices to go on sale later this year, leaving the company's most important product potentially lagging behind the data performance of rival smartphones. The reason stems from the delicate and sometimes complicated way Apple manages the supply of the components embedded in its flagship device — in this case, the modems, which handle the connection between a phone and the cellular network. One of Apple's suppliers, Qualcomm Inc., sells a modem capable of the 1 gigabit download speeds. Another supplier, Intel Corp., is working on a modem with the same capability, but it won't be ready for the iPhone's introduction, according to people familiar with Apple's decision. Apple could in theory just use Qualcomm's chips, but it has an aversion to being dependent on a single supplier, and its relationship with San Diego-based Qualcomm is particularly thorny. Apple is embroiled in a bitter legal fight with the chipmaker, accusing the supplier of maintaining an illegal monopoly, and it's seeking to loosen Qualcomm's grip on the market for high-end smartphone modems. That's why Apple will stick with Qualcomm modems for some of its new iPhones while relying on Intel for others. Until Intel is able to offer its chips with matching features, Apple won't enable some of capabilities of the phones running with Qualcomm modems, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the plan isn't public. Apple, Qualcomm and Intel declined to comment. Apple's decision clashes with the marketing plans of a cellular industry desperate to show off faster network speeds to grab market share. The top U.S. wireless carriers — Verizon AT&T, T-Mobile US Inc. and Sprint Corp. — have declared 2017 the year of 1 gigabit speeds. The carriers are already in a fierce price battle for subscribers. As the pool of new customers has declined, most of the user gains are coming at the expense of rivals. Sprint and T-Mobile have been taking customers from AT&T and Verizon by offering cheaper unlimited data at a time when video hungry users seek lower-cost plans to support their habits. The ability to advertise a service that's 100-times faster may help carriers shift consumer focus to network performance and away from cut-throat pricing. T-Mobile promised to have the first 1 gigabit data service available in the U.S. this year and has already started making network upgrades, Chief Technology Officer Neville Ray said in February. AT&T has started 1 gigabit mobile service in Austin, Texas, and plans to expand to as many as 20 cities this year. Verizon will begin 5G trials in 11 markets this summer and plans to start mobile testing of 1 gigabit speeds in those cities. Sprint has been one of the most aggressive proponents of 1 gigabit mobile speeds, promising in December that it would offer the fastest service in the industry. Sprint said it will have at least three 1 gigabit capable phones available this year — with the exception of iPhones. Most Popular 1 Elation replaces somber vigil after teen found 2 Maggot-filled clam shells stink up neighborhood 3 Humpback whales return to NYC for the first time in a century 4 Puppy who flunks out of police training for being too friendly... 5 Senator curses in speech to show frustration with Washington 6 Nick Johnston out as morning meteorologist at WTEN 7 Man poses as Albany cop, steals vape products, police say View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews All Reviews Editors' Choice Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Best Picks Best Picks All Categories Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Smart Home Devices Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Delete Facebook How to Download YouTube Videos How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router News News All News Features Opinions Fastest ISPS Fastest Mobile Networks Readers' Choice Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Business Choice Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path iOS11 E32017 BostonDynamics iMacPro FathersDayGifts Menu Home/ News & Analysis/ Intel: Don't Emulate Our Chip Architecture Intel: Don't Emulate Our Chip Architecture By Tom Brant June 9, 2017 06:41pm EST 10 Comments Intel sent a thinly veiled warning to Microsoft, Qualcomm, and ARM this week, explaining that it will vigorously defend its x86 architecture against patent violations. If you want to make your own silicon chips and emulate Intel's x86 architecture to run Windows on them, Intel will probably come after you for patent infringement. That seems to be the implicit message that Intel sent to Microsoft, ARM, and Qualcomm this week, following Qualcomm's recent announcement that the first Windows computers powered by its ARM-based Snapdragon chipset will go on sale this year. In a Thursday blog post, Intel's general counsel Steven Rodgers and its director of systems and software research Richard Uhlig touted the benefits of the x86 architecture and cautioned companies that might be trying to emulate it without Intel's approval. "Intel carefully protects its x86 innovations, and we do not widely license others to use them," they wrote. "Over the past 30 years, Intel has vigilantly enforced its intellectual property rights against infringement by third-party microprocessors." Last December, Qualcomm announced a version of the Snapdragon 835 designed to power Windows PCs, complete with emulation for older Windows software. Asus, HP, and Lenovo all plan to introduce sleek, fanless Windows tablets and notebooks in time for the holiday shopping season that take advantage of the power efficiency of the Snapdragon 835, originally designed to power smartphones. Related Qualcomm Announces Real Windows for ARM Qualcomm Announces Real Windows for ARM Intel did not say whether or not those devices would violate its intellectual property rights, but it's clear the company is prepared for patent litigation. "Intel welcomes lawful competition, and we are confident that Intel's microprocessors, which have been specifically optimized to implement Intel's x86 ISA for almost four decades, will deliver amazing experiences, consistency across applications, and a full breadth of consumer offerings, full manageability and IT integration for the enterprise," Rodgers and Uhlig wrote. "However, we do not welcome unlawful infringement of our patents, and we fully expect other companies to continue to respect Intel's intellectual property rights." Qualcomm itself is no stranger to defending its patents, so should things come to that, we could be in for an epic showdown reminiscent of the court battle between Apple and Samsung. For now, all that's clear is that Windows machines running on Snapdragon chips will be all the rage, both for holiday gift buyers and corporate lawyers. Previous : Dish Fined $280M for Illegal Robocalls By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Dish Fined $280M for Illegal Robocalls The company should have known that its third-party call centers were violating federal and state 'do... More » Samsung Goes Wide With Intense 49-Inch Gaming Monitor The new CHG90 is the widest gaming monitor you can buy, with a resolution equivalent to two full HD ... More » Microsoft Teases Windows 10 'Find Lost Pen' Feature The latest Windows 10 Insider preview build offers a bunch of new features that writers will appreci... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles Everything You Missed at WWDC What to Expect at E3 2017 The Coolest Features in iOS 11 The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA AI: The Ultimate Job Creator? »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest About Us PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feed More from Ziff Davis: AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net RSS Feeds Site Map Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
SUBSCRIBE NOW$.56 a week Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest New iPhone said to lack tech to match rivals’ speed Apple’s newest iPhone to go on sale later this year could potentially lag behind download speed of rivals Post to Facebook New iPhone said to lack tech to match rivals’ speed Apple’s newest iPhone to go on sale later this year could potentially lag behind download speed of rivals  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2s5OV6b {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs New iPhone said to lack tech to match rivals’ speed Bloomberg News 6:43 p.m. ET June 9, 2017 iPhone marketing exec Greg Joswiak and his Apple counterparts are dealing with a market that’s crying out for innovation to revive growth. (Photo: Josh Edelson / AFP/Getty Images) 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Verizon Corp., AT&T Inc. and the rest of the U.S. wireless industry have a big boast for this year’s crop of smartphones: thanks to network upgrades, devices will be able to download as much as a gigabit of data in a single second — speeds 100 times faster than before. But that won’t be the case for Apple Inc.’s newest iPhones, devices to go on sale later this year, leaving the company’s most important product potentially lagging the data performance of rival smartphones. The reason stems from the delicate and sometimes complicated way Apple manages the supply of the components embedded in its flagship device — in this case, the modems, which handle the connection between a phone and the cellular network. One of Apple’s suppliers, Qualcomm Inc., sells a modem capable of the 1 gigabit download speeds. Another supplier, Intel Corp., is working on a modem with the same capability, but it won’t be ready for the iPhone’s introduction, according to people familiar with Apple’s decision. Apple could in theory just use Qualcomm’s chips, but it has an aversion to being dependent on a single supplier, and its relationship with Qualcomm is thorny. Apple is embroiled in a bitter legal fight with the chipmaker, accusing the supplier of maintaining an illegal monopoly, and it’s seeking to loosen Qualcomm’s grip on the market for high-end smartphone modems. That’s why Apple will stick with Qualcomm modems for some of its new iPhones while relying on Intel for others. Until Intel is able to offer its chips with matching features, Apple won’t enable some of capabilities of the phones running with Qualcomm modems, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the plan isn’t public. Apple, Qualcomm and Intel declined comment. Apple’s decision clashes with the marketing plans of a cellular industry desperate to show off faster network speeds to grab market share. The top U.S. wireless carriers — Verizon AT&T, T-Mobile US Inc. and Sprint Corp. — have declared 2017 the year of 1 gigabit speeds. Apple used two modem suppliers — and the same technique to mask performance disparities — for last year’s iPhone 7. But the rise of gigabit wireless networks could make the strategy more risky: iPhone users will have a unified experience, no matter what modem is inside the new device, but it could look even less speedy compared to newer gigabit-ready smartphones from other manufacturers. The carriers will be able to boast about 1 gigabit speeds if customers use other phones. Samsung Electronic Co.’s Galaxy S8, the main rival to the next iPhones, has Qualcomm’s X16 LTE modem and will keep up with the top speeds of the major wireless networks. Sprint sells the gigabit-ready HTC U11 and will have a Motorola Gigabit LTE phone later this year. Apple’s decision to introduce new technology when it wants, rather than chase whatever the market dictates, isn’t new. The original iPhone launched in 2007 without support for 3G networks, and it was still wildly successful. It wasn’t until 2012 that the iPhone supported LTE technology that’s the basis of 4G networks — a year after Samsung Electronics Co. added that capability to its smartphones. Still, Apple is dealing with a market that’s crying out for innovation to revive growth. Last year, the company’s revenue from iPhones, which generates more than 60 percent of Apple’s $216 billion annual sales, fell for the first time. Smartphone total market growth was just 2.5 percent, breaking a run of double-digit annual surges, according to industry analyst IDC. Whether Apple’s decision will overshadow the company’s slick new design and features in the phone coming later this year, as well as its customer loyalty, remains to be seen. Achieving 1 gigabit data speeds requires almost lab-like optimal signal conditions that seldom occur in the real world. Nonetheless, the first carrier to claim such network capabilities will get bragging rights and an edge at selling the promise of instantaneous movie downloads and high-quality live video. It’s one area where service providers can’t afford to be seen as laggards. Carriers are already in a fierce price battle for subscribers. As the pool of new customers has declined, most of the user gains are coming at the expense of rivals. Sprint and T-Mobile have been taking customers from AT&T and Verizon by offering cheaper unlimited data at a time when video hungry users seek lower-cost plans to support their habits. The ability to advertise a service that’s 100-times faster may help carriers shift consumer focus to network performance and away from cut-throat pricing. T-Mobile promised to have the first 1 gigabit data service available in the U.S. this year and has already started making network upgrades, Chief Technology Officer Neville Ray said in February. AT&T has started 1 gigabit mobile service in Austin, Texas, and plans to expand to as many as 20 cities this year. Verizon will begin 5G trials in 11 markets this summer and plans to start mobile testing of 1 gigabit speeds in those cities. Sprint has been one of the most aggressive proponents of 1 gigabit mobile speeds, promising in December that it would offer the fastest service in the industry. Sprint said it will have at least three 1 gigabit capable phones available this year — with the exception of iPhones. 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2s5OV6b TOP VIDEOS Rossetti architects design Ashe Stadium's retractable roof 4:58 Utica schools students study science in 3D 1:21 Innovative Vehicle Design Challenge 1:01 Crash test dummies brought to life at Humanetics 3:04 Mary Barra on the next generation Volt 13:47 Mary Sue Coleman says universities should be 'innovators' in economy 8:18 MSU plant geneticist explains his work 1:50
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Stop that, it’s silly Home Hardware Intel’s 18-core CPU and, er, other exciting stuff By Jeremy Laird on June 8th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit As I was saying, an 18-core CPU is obviously irrelevant for PC gaming. Actually, I was speaking then of AMD’s then-staggering 16-core Threadripper CPU. Two weeks later, Threadripper is already ancient news. It’s been comprehensively gazumped by a new 18-core CPU from Intel and suddenly the PC hardware landscape looks a little potty. I know I’ve been bleating for literally years about Intel’s sandbagging and how we needed AMD to spice things up. But this is a bit ridiculous. Be careful what you ask for… First and foremost, this is a developing situation. Just two weeks ago, it seemed Intel was all set to unleash its first 12-core desktop CPU. Now the ante has been upped to fully 18 cores in an official announcement for the Computex tech fest in Taiwan. But the announcement was unusual in that it included some fully fleshed out details, including the full model names of the new chips along with core and thread counts, but excluded other critical items such as clockspeeds and power consumption ratings. It’s pure speculation on my behalf, but this feels to me like a very last-minute response to AMD’s CPU roll outs of late. Anywho, the short version of this rather unusual story is that Intel is wheeling out no fewer than nine new processors for its equally new high-end platform, the latter composed of, again, a new socket in the form of LGA2066 and yet more newness courtesy of the X299 chipset. Topping things off is the Core i9 (yup, the i9 family is new, too) 7980XE with 18 cores and 36 threads, but no known clockspeeds for now. It’s yours for $1,999 or very likely a painfully similar figure preceeded by a pound sign and is almost certainly irrelevant to all of us. Ryzen 9 begat Core i9 Intel, of course, has long had the ability to fire out this kind of CPU. It has offered Xeon CPUs with almost countless cores for several generations. But it has taken AMD to finally force its hand. How many of these CPus get sold into the high-end desktop market, I’m not sure. My sense is that chips like the 7980XE are as much or possibly more about ensuring bragging rights for Intel as actually generating sales revenue. The i9 line up also includes a range of nearly but not quite as exotic 16, 14, 12 and 10-core chips, the last of which seems almost accessible by comparison at $999. But it’s really the new core i7 models that are gamer-relevant. The new eight-core Core i7-7820X clocks in at $599 and has very healthy clockspeeds of 3.6GHz base, 4.3GHz Turbo and 4.5GHz Turbo 3.0 (that’s a special Turbo mode that actively determines which cores are capable of running at the highest stable frequency). If you can afford it, that does rather seem to offer a pretty comprehensive combo of single-threaded frequency and multi-core parallelism that should make light work of pretty much any game for a few years to come. But I’d say it’s the new Core i7-7800X that’s most interesting. It’s not exactly cheap at $389, but it is Intel’s most affordable six-core CPU yet and offers a decent Turbo speed of 4GHz. Certainly, it would be a tough choice between the 7800X and the lower end of AMD’s eight-core Ryzen 7 family. AMD still offers better value, to be sure. But Intel is at least more competitive at that rough price point. I count 20 cores. Like I said, a developing situation… As for the oddball Core i7-7740X and Core i5-7640X will sit in the bottom two rungs of Intel’s new LGA2066 range, I’m not sure what to make of them. My understanding is that they are the existing Kaby Lake quad-core CPU dies, as seen in the Core i7-7700K and Core i5-7600K for the mainstream LGA1151 socket, but rewired for LGA2066 and with the integrated graphics disabled. At $339 and $242 respectively, they’re price parity with their LGA1151 cousins – at least at pre-announcement pricing for the existing pair – though they offer very slightly higher baseclocks but not Turbo speeds. The only way I can see to make sense of them is as gateway CPUs for the LGA2066 platform. In other words, they help keep the overall up-front cost of upgrading to an LGA2066 PC under control and allow a future upgrade path to those big core count CPUs. As things stand right now, then, these latest developments from Intel and AMD arguably don’t have much direct impact on the choices most gamers must make when configuring a new PC. All the 10-core and beyond models are arguably too much money for far too little gaming relevance. Ermegerd, so many pins…er pads! Even Intel’s new six and eight-core CPUs are probably too pricey for the majority. Meanwhile, the new Intel quad-core models come with some expensive baggage in terms of requiring an X299 motherboard. In other words, the real-world choice remains that of Intel’s existing Core i5 and Core i7 chips for the LGA1151 socket, which offer the safest bet for ensuring good gaming performance in this very here-and-now, or AMD’s Ryzen 5 and Ryzen 7s, which are clearly better value and might well prove more future proof thanks to offering more affordable six and eight-core options. Like I said, the situation is developing fast. I fully expect to see Intel add a six-core chip for its mainstream LGA1151 socket later this year and I’m hoping that will be part of a further re-jigging of prices that will see six cores slot in where Intel’s best quad-core chips currently reside in the price lists and those in turn become yet more accessible. Things are moving in the right direction, then. But I’d be holding out just a little longer to see how things develop later this year before pulling the trigger on that new gaming rig. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 31 Comments 08/06/2017 at 21:35 causticnl says: If I can the talk Linuxtech had was very informative, and shows what absolute mess currently the new chipset and socket is. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:46 Buuurr says: It is always fun to see the cattle flock to the sound of the farmer. One who is not of the herd cannot help but be fascinated by the blind obedience and trust. In short, the chips are not released yet. Intel has most always NOT been a disappointment in their releases. There is no evidence that this will be any different. What we have are fan boys with empty pockets crying yet again. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:25 Phasma Felis says: I don’t really have a dog in this fight, but wow do you sound like a pompous jerk. Do you use the word “sheeple” unironically? In my experience, the only people who rush to call people fanboys are other fanboys. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:06 Blasg says: Yep, definitely a jerk. Pompous or not Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 21:57 Tyrmot says: My next chip will be an AMD (for the first time) Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 09:14 Czrly says: I’d hate to say that my next chip will be AMD but, right now, I could not buy another Intel one. I bought an i7 7700k a few weeks ago and it is truly junk. The speeds are fine but the quality-control is rubbish and the thing is impossible to cool – even at stock clocks and voltages. Quite simply, you can put a great water block on top of it and all you have done is waste your money – the heat simply doesn’t get from the silicon to the copper fast enough because the bean-counters at Intel have cut costs in the manufacturing process of the heat-spreader and whatever gunk lies between it and the die. 28 degrees idle to 100 degrees at load in under 2 seconds – not overclocked! The chip is throttled at 100. Cut the load and the temperature falls almost instantly to 30 again showing that the external cooling is just fine. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 14:03 Person of Interest says: I’m aware of the inconsistent voltage/power consumption on the Kaby Lake K-series, but if your processor spikes to 100C in two seconds, there is almost certainly something wrong with your cooling mount and/or motherboard voltage settings. The drop back to 30C is not strong evidence that the cooler is mounted correctly. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:08 brucethemoose says: Xeons work in desktop motherboards, but ya’ll already know that. What most people don’t know is that single socket Xeons (previously branded as E5-1xxx) are generally overclockable. For example, when the i7-4960X was supposedly the baddest kid on the block, you could buy a 8C E5-1680v2 and overclock it. It even had better thermal properties, as it used a huge 12-core die with 4 cores disabled (whereas the 4960X used a small 6 core die). So, while it will probably be a weird OEM SKU us mere mortals can’t buy (as was the case with Haswell/Broadwell), an unlocked 24 core+ Skylake-e monster could exist. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:26 Jokerme says: If you buy a Xeon to overclock it, you are doing something wrong. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:49 Buuurr says: Why? Explain? Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:35 brucethemoose says: Try telling that to happy SR-2 owners :P Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:10 Banks says: Despite the slower clocks and the high dependence on faster RAM, ZEN cpus are outstanding. IMO, they are so good that building with Intel right now is a mistake. Intel could have reacted to this in many ways, but I think they have done it in the worst possible way. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:35 KaiUno says: Price parity would’ve killed the Ryzen dead. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:17 sandineyes says: If I were in a position to make a new build, the $599 i7-7820X would seem to be the best of the line-up for the price. The cheaper skylake-sp lacks the fancy new Turbo Boost, and the clock rates are not great if you are in it for gaming. The $999 part seems to just have more cores and pci-e lanes. I’m not sure what the purpose of the Kaby Lake-X parts are, except perhaps to offer an entry point into the platform. You don’t get the four channel memory, nor increased pci-e lanes, nor the Turbo Boost 3.0, nor the AVX-512 instructions. Seems like it would be better to wait for Coffee Lake. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:23 Don Reba says: I would really like to see a Threadripper vs Skylake-X benchmark making the most of available AVX instructions. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:48 ravenshrike says: Here’s the problem for Intel. The boards for X299 are probably going to start at around 200 dollars. Whereas you can get the 6 core Ryzen part and an overclockable motherboard for all of 320 bucks, 300 if you’re willing to go small form factor. This vs figure almost double for the 6 core Skylake-X and mobo. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:53 Buuurr says: The problem you are siting has never been a problem for Intel. They hold 80% of the market share for processors. They have held this share for a good 15-20 years now. AMD has always been the cheap alternative, as it is the case now. The status quo has in no shape or form changed. How could this be defined as a problem for Intel? From a business standpoint it is off to the market as usual. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 09:41 phuzz says: The Athlon64 was the cheap alternative sure, but it was also faster and cooler than anything Intel had at the same time. Another plus for AMD in my book is that I can buy mid-range CPUs without integrated graphics. I’ve got a graphics card, I don’t need to waste money on integrated graphics I’m never going to use (except when my GPU broke, I admit it was handy then). Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:46 GettCouped says: You are incorrect. The AMD design is actually a big win for business. AMD is using infinity fabric to link multiple clusters together to make a coherent processor with near perfect scalability. What does that mean? They basically link 4 8 core r7s together to make a 32 core 64 thread monster that performs better than anything Intel has, at a cheaper price, with better TDP, at incredible yields. Intel is in some serious trouble. Watch this video and learn something. link to youtu.be Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:06 racccoon says: Actually this is briliant news for PC players & users as we had a massive slump many years ago where nothing was happening and we lumbered with a tech that we thought would never evolve much. This has awakened that sleep and made it more greater than before and the future of the PC is still alive as long their is competitiveness and technological advances. I love Intel for their dedicated hard work. I love Nvidia for their dedicated hard work. all the rest are nags just helping the top two go faster. thanks nags.. p.s. boooo to consoles lol Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:33 Tuidjy says: I know a few definitions for carper bagging, and I cannot see any way any of them can match your use in the third sentence. It clearly has nothing to do with luggage or the American South. I cannot have anything to do with newcomers, because Intel has been around forever, and were founded explicitly to do what they have always done, i.e. they did not move or switch targets for a underhanded gain. And I finally, I even looked up the British meaning, which I knew was different from the American ones, and I cannot see how Intel is trying to demutualize any company. So how are Intel carper bagging? Arguably, someone could think that the processor scene needs some carpetbaggers, but Intel cannot play that role. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:48 ravenshrike says: Pretty sure he meant sandbagging. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:53 ooshp says: Pretty sure he meant Intel is acting like a steak stuffed with oysters. Log in to Reply 10/06/2017 at 00:19 Jeremy Laird says: I did and you may claim your £5. Or something. Would it help if I said I’ve been under a lot of strain recently? I mean, I haven’t, but would it help if I said I have?! :D Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:22 robotslave says: You know, there might be a few budget-constrained game developers reading your little web site here. And for them, this news is anything but irrelevant (particularly if they’re keen on Agile-type methodologies with tight build/test cycles). Give it a little time, and the impact might even make it all the way to the people who play the games those readers build… Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:58 braven5 says: Seem all the majour people in the tech community like Linus and Jay2cents among many others are very upset at Intel and backing AMD for the high end productivity stuff, this guy kinda covers the technical reason for it link to youtube.com Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 08:45 Dudeface says: RE. the Intel die shot – if you look closely you’ll notice the 2nd in from the left ‘core’ in both the top and bottom rows is actually different. So possibly the MCC die does top out at 18 cores? Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:27 The Almighty Moo says: I’ve been watching these with baited breath- holding off for a new computer for some time now and just as I got in a place to do it Jeremy started recommending holding off. Story of my life, but does give me something to look forward to. Just say the word Mr. Laird! Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 12:22 aircool says: My PC is 5 years old (albeit with a GTX 970) and still does the job, but there’s no doubt I should be looking to get a new one. Unfortunately, there hasn’t been any significant improvements to CPU’s (still got an i5-3750K) to justify a whole new mobo/CPU/RAM upgrade. I thought that intel might have something to offer this year (tick-tock and all that), but there’s nothing that warrants justifies the cost. So, it looks like another year of my GFX card being throttled by the CPU in many games (despite those games being perfectly playable on high settings). One thing that does confuse me though is the i5 vs i7 debate. Some people say that hyper threading is important for games, other say that it’s not worth the extra money. That’s probably another reason why I’m holding off, I don’t want to get an i5 only to find out I need an i7 (or an i7 only to find it’s surplus to requirements). Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 16:07 Soapeh says: Yep, I’m in a similar boat. I’ve had an OC’d 2500k @ 4.4Ghz for the last 5 years and it’s showing signs of age when paired with my 980 trying to run on a gsync monitor. At high refresh rates the Sandy Bridges are seemingly bottlenecking the performance but I suppose I’ll have to hold out longer to see what these new platforms will offer. I had eyed up the 7700k for the crazy single-thread performance at 4.5Ghz but now it seems wise to check out the competition between Intel and AMD. Log in to Reply 10/06/2017 at 00:19 tormeh says: I recently underclocked my CPU (FX 8350) to 1GHz just to see what cores games would use. Surprisingly enough, games remained playable but with significant stutter. Anyway, many AA games never needed more than 4 cores even at that clock. Even among AAA games it was rare to find a game that could use more than 6. If you buy an 8 core your 2017 games will never really have any threads competing for a core. Sure, there will probably be more than one thread per core, but no more than 8 of those threads will use significant processor time. 6 cores seems to me to be the sweet spot right now. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature, graphics, Hardware, intel, Intel Core i9, Intel LGA2066, Intel X299, week in tech. Search for clues News and things Mad Catz files for bankruptcy Nine lives run out eventually Nvidia’s new $700 1080 Ti in theory beats $1200 Titan X 35% faster than a 1080 ZeniMax seek injunction shutting down Oculus SDK Oh gosh! “We’re building 3 full VR games, not experiments”- Valve Believes huge tech improvements incoming And much more… The Top Best Bestest Games Of 2017 So Far 43 absolute gems Football Manager 2017 pass-and-save diary, part one: A game of four halves Four players, one manager Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber basilisk : “I wouldn't say that. It really is a replacement.” on Best PC gaming deals of the week elevown : “You are forgetting his initial criteria. 'We only have time to rescue one game from ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 robby5566 : “Oof I dunno about this one man. We're talking about the year of FFVII, Dungeon ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 Slazia : “Maybe get Assetto Corsa instead if you haven't already.” on Project Cars 2 racing out on September 22 elevown : “I really remember this game as being fantastic though It's been so long I forgot ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time On Prey's Ending Deceitful yet meaninful The Flare Path: Row Boats Meet Mare Nostrum Best PC Gaming Deals Of The Week Find yourself a bargain Intel’s 18-core CPU and, er, other exciting stuff Stop that, it’s silly Unknown Pleasures: 10 of the best new Steam games More diamonds in the rough Can Videogames Teach You Programming? And which games might do it... Have You Played... Middle-Earth: Shadow Of Mordor? Where's my nemesis?! My first (and only) kill in PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Beach house The Bestest Best Games Of 2016 So Far A bonus bestest best! E3 is as close as this industry gets to Eurovision I'm really looking forward to it Have You Played... Batman: Arkham Knight? Deploy BatFranchise The 15 Best Space Games Be pilots, pirates and space truckers. Premature Evaluation: Production Line You can have any genre as long as its Sim Police Stories has a free alpha and a lot of potential Questions later Pip And Alice's Sims 4 House (Alice Is A Jerk) Living next door to Alice Have You Played... Dead Space? Isaac Yankem The Pipwick Papers Politics, pop music and and paired fonts All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 3646 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 0.978% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Coffee Makers Microwaves Vacuum Cleaners Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Top Radar Detectors Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Top Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Top DSLR Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions 4k TVs Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Sports & Outdoors Camping Gear Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Top Chef Knives Coolest Gadgets Cool Furniture Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Reviews ▸ Electronic Reviews ▸ Computers ▸ Desktop Computers ▸ Gaming PC Reviews ▸ Best Gaming Computer Processor Gaming PCs Best Gaming Computer Processor Bobby Bernstein Updated April 24, 2017 Shares Find the right gaming computer processor to match your needs. The most essential element of a custom PC build is buying the best gaming computer processor on the market today.  You know, the little piece of hardware that drives every application you’ll run, every game you’ll play, and everything else you can do on your PC. Moreover, building your own gaming PC is always the best route to go when you’re looking to get the best bang for your buck. Sure, you could go to some big box retailer, pick something off of the shelf, go home and play most games. But, the problem with doing that is that you’re spending a great deal more compared to if you were to build your own rig. So with that in mind, don’t spare too little expense on a best gaming computer processor. With computer hardware, it’s typically true that you get what you pay for. Here are Gadget Review’s top picks for the best gaming computer processors currently available. Best Gaming Computer Processor 2016 #1 Pick  Intel Core i7-6700K The Intel Core i7-6700K is the top-of-the-line option. Price: $344.99 | Speed: 4 GHz WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: Instant on technology, highest performing Intel i7 processor Intel’s 6th Generation Intel Core processors have finally arrived, and the Intel Core i7-6700K is the top-notch option for those who want to spare no expense. It offers blazing fast speeds and comes packed with useful features that will take your PC gaming to the next level. Not only will it play any high-end game you throw at it, it’ll also run any 3D game in the highest resolution available, offering better details and faster frame rates. In fact, Intel claims it’s 30X better 3D graphics than a five year old PC. What’s more, the card features Instant On technology that allows your PC to resume full functionality in under 0.5 seconds. It has 4 cores, and it supports up to 64GB of memory. The processor also has 8MB Intel Smart Cache. It runs quietly and it’s easily cooled, so you don’t have to worry about having a loud PC or frame rate drops. I’ll note that this processor can be overclocked easily to 4.5 GHz if you’ve got the proper power supply to do so, although Intel recommends going no higher than 4.2GHz. Still, it’s the best gaming Intel processor available, which is why three out of our five best gaming PCs 2016 use the i7-6700K. View on Amazon #2 Pick  AMD Octa-core FX 9590 Price: $228.76 | Speed: 4.7GHz WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: AMD’s most powerful card can be overclocked to a whopping 5.0GHz. The AMD Octa-core FX-9590 is AMD’s best option, so if you plan on building an AMD build — which I personally have, myself — you won’t find a better option than this. In fact, when I’m looking for the best gaming computer parts, I typically start with AMD because of their significant savings. Without any overclocking or tweaks, the FX-9590 pushes out an impressive 4.7 GHz, and it comes in at under $250 ($228 at the time of writing this). If there were an official measurement of cost/speed, the 9590 would be the best option. Most notably, you can push this card to 5.0GHz using AMD’s own tools, and you can likely take it a step further if you’re feeling risky (although, I have not personally tried). Unfortunately, AMD gets a bad wrap in the gaming computer, and is often looked down upon by elitists, so great AMD options often get overlooked. But, the FX-9590 is getting rave reviews, with many praising the speed you’re getting for the cost. It offers a full eight cores to deliver impressive performance by the most demanding games, allowing for those who seek ultra-high resolutions to achieve their goal with ease (and without breaking the bank). Note: AMD has a compatible list of motherboards that will work with this powerful gaming processor, and for now, it’s relatively short when compared to a high-end Intel card. Before purchasing, make sure you can get a motherboard that works with it (as you should always do when building your own rig). View on Amazon #3 Pick  Intel Core i5-6500 You won’t beat an i5-6500 for $200. Price: $199.99 | Speed: 3.20GHz WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: Best gaming CPU under $200. If you are planning to go the budget route, the Intel Core i5-6500 is the best gaming computer processor under $200 on the market. It runs cooler than the previous generation of i5 processors, and it consumes less power. Admittedly, you’re not gaining a major performance boost if you already own a previous generation i5 processor, but you don’t really need one (and there is a slight boost in power). It has a 3.2GHz processing speed out of the box, and it can be boosted to up to 3.6GHz safely, without worrying about damaging your PC. It has four cores, and it automatically allocates processor power to the applications that need it the most, making it incredibly efficient in its use of those four cores. It has a 6MB Intel Smart Cache. View on Amazon #4 Pick  AMD FX-8320 Black Edition Don’t let AMD’s past dictate your opinion; their 8 core processors are incredible, and much cheaper than Intel counterparts. Price: $131 | Speed: 3.5GHz WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: Best processor under $150. Can be overclocked to 4.0GHz, and you can buy it with a 256GB SSD for just $75 more. Need power and not too much cost? The AMD FX-8320 Black Edition is a great choice if you’re building an AMD-based build. It uses 125W of power, but it uses that power well. What makes it so appealing is its price. At under $150, it’s a price that any PC builder on a budget can swallow. It can handle running numerous apps at one time, and your multitasking could certainly use a powerful processor like this one. With a full eight cores (that’s right, eight cores for under $150), you can reach up to 4.0GHz safely (although, I’ve read reports of those overclocking to 4.2GHz without any issues). I will note that the stock cooling “solutions” that come with it aren’t really up to par, and you should probably pick up a better CPU cooler if you want this thing to run as best as possible. View on Amazon – $199 #5 Pick  Intel Core i7-4790 Price: $305 | Speed: 3.6GHz WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: A great i7 option that comes in at $40 cheaper than its successors. If you’re looking to save a buck or two on an Intel i7 CPU, your best option is the Intel Core i7-4790. Sure, you’re not getting all of the bells and whistles that the 6700K has, but you’re still getting a high-end gaming computer processor that can stand up to most everything you throw at it. You can’t overclock it, at least there aren’t any tools offered by Intel, themselves, to overclock it. So if you’re looking to really push your PC to the limits, you might want to consider the 6700K above. But if price is more important to you than squeezing out every last ounce of speed, the i7-4790 is a good choice. It’s compatible with Z87 and Z97 motherboards. View on Amazon – $305 Key Factors and Features to a Good Gaming Computer Processor Price: One of the most important factors to consider when buying a gaming computer processor are its price. For price, you’re going to want to consider what is included versus what isn’t included, whether you’re going to need a different cooling option or if the stock one works well enough.  To that end, if a processor has exceeded its typical refresh cycle, you might be best to wait as pricing will go down for that model or a new one will appear. Games You Plan to Play: If you plan to play games like Hearthstone or CS:Go or League of Legends, you’re definitely not going to need to purchase the top-notch, best-of-the-best gaming processor. Instead, you’re going to want to go for the budget option that might not be as fast, but it’ll still run those games at full speed. Conversely, if you plan to play Battlefield 1 on ultra settings when it comes out, or The Witcher 3 without sacrificing graphical fidelity, you’re going to want to purchase the absolute best. Motherboard Cost: When you buy a CPU, you also need to buy a motherboard that will allow you to use that specific CPU (and the newer the CPU, the harder the time you’ll have finding a motherboard to match it). More importantly, if you don’t already have a motherboard that will allow you to use the CPU you want, you’ll have to buy a motherboard with it. So even if the CPU you want is a great price, how much is a motherboard to go along with it? Mistakes to Avoid Avoiding AMD: Avoiding AMD would be a grave mistake. PC gamers tend to shy away from AMD based on its initial run of high-end processors, but they’ve come a long way over the past five years, and they’re now a much more formidable foe for Intel. Cheaping Out: Paying more now might save you in the long run. CPUs are a fast-evolving technology, and new processors are introduced every couple of years, at least. So if you buy a top-notch CPU right now, you won’t need to upgrade again for a few years. However, if you buy a middling CPU, you’re going to have to pay again to upgrade sooner. Which Gaming Processor is Right For You This list includes a fairly wide spectrum of prices. For some, it’ll come down to price per power. It all depends on what you have in your PC already, or if you’re building a fresh new build and will need to purchase other things to go along with it (like a better cooler, a completely new motherboard, etc). There are other factors to consider when looking to speed up your PC so that it will run the latest games, but you should always start with the processor and motherboard combination that best fits your budget and the types of games you intend to play. Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Bobby Bernstein Owner Nerdmuch, who believes the Back to the Future is the greatest trilogy ever made. Sponsored Content Related Posts Alienware Area-51 750i: An Affordable High End Gaming Rig In Win H-Frame Aluminum Computer Case – Flux Capacitor Not Included AVADirect Avant Nano Cube Gaming PC Review BFG Tech Unveils High End ‘Phobos’ Gaming Computers With 8-inch Touchscreen LCD Alienware X51 Gateway Intros Two New FX Gaming Rigs: The FX6800-01e & FX6800-05 2 Comments to Best Gaming Computer Processor Richard Schleh on If I wanted to up grade my store bought computer. Will all of these processor be combatable? Reply Suriya on I Do Think Now and Always “The Best Sequal” Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,884 Fans 13,861 Subscribers 11,384 Followers Gaming PC Reviews Best Gaming Laptop 2017 Valve's Steam Link Streams Your PC Games on Your TV Best Gaming PC 2017 How to Build a Gaming Computer In Win H-Frame Aluminum Computer Case - Flux Capacitor Not Included 14 Steam Machines Are Here, but Which One is for You? (list/comparison) Alienware's Alpha Console Nudges PC Gamers to the Living Room Alienware X51 Battlefield 3 PC Case Mod Features Chain Gun and Drinks Fridge HP Pavilion HPE Phoenix H9 Gaming PC Review The ROG CG6190: Asus' Intel Core i7 Gaming Rig Gadgets At A Glance: HP Firebird PC 803 BFG Tech Unveils High End 'Phobos' Gaming Computers With 8-inch Touchscreen LCD Telson Multimedia PC Rocks 3D Screen and 3D Camera Alienware Area-51 750i: An Affordable High End Gaming Rig Gateway Intros Two New FX Gaming Rigs: The FX6800-01e & FX6800-05 Custom Computers for Serious Bank Dell XPS 600 Renegade goes for sale Gadgets At A Glance: Acer Predator GT7700 Desktop Gaming Computer Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and top ten product comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Geek Out with the latest desktop computers, best gaming laptops, best headphones and the latest gadget news and top product reviews online. Gadget Review is also, home to some of the best top consumer reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Copyright © 2016 Gadget Review Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact HTML XML
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Moe Slah Why the iPhone 8 won’t support gigabit LTE Yoni Heisler @edibleapple June 9th, 2017 at 4:53 PM Share Tweet When Apple releases the iPhone 8 later this year, the company’s flagship smartphone may not be able to access mobile data as fast as some of its Android-based rivals, according to a new report from Bloomberg. Though some carriers have started rolling out network upgrades that can handle gigabit data speeds, the iPhone 8 will reportedly be unable to play along. The issue stems from Apple’s tendency to source key components from varying suppliers. Not only does this lower the risk of supply issues becoming a problem, pitting two component suppliers against each other also helps Apple secure favorable pricing. Don't Miss: E3 2017 schedule: Press conference dates, times, live streams and what to expect In regards to the iPhone 8, the device will feature LTE modems from both Qualcomm and Intel. Needless to say, Apple wants to ensure that iPhone 8 performance remains uniform no matter what LTE modem it happens to feature. So although Qualcomm’s offering can support the aforementioned gigabit data speeds, the iPhone 8 won’t support such speeds because Intel’s LTE modems can’t compete just yet. Until Intel is able to offer its chips with matching features, Apple won’t enable some of capabilities of the phones running with Qualcomm modems, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the plan isn’t public. Apple, Qualcomm and Intel declined to comment. Apple’s decision clashes with the marketing plans of a cellular industry desperate to show off faster network speeds to grab market share. The top U.S. wireless carriers — Verizon AT&T, T-Mobile US Inc. and Sprint Corp. — have declared 2017 the year of 1 gigabit speeds. Now that’s not to say Intel doesn’t have something coming soon. On the contrary, Intel earlier this year debuted a new XMM 7650 modem that can handle gigabit LTE speeds. The only wrinkle is that it just won’t be ready in time for the iPhone 8. According to Intel reps — who spoke on the matter this past February, their blazing fast LTE modem won’t be available until 2018. Tags: Apple, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Tech Major leak shows that Google’s Pixel 2 will be just as exciting as the iPhone 8 2 Science 99-million-year-old bird found preserved in amber stuns scientists 3 Tech OnePlus just gave us an official look at the OnePlus 5’s camera 4 Tech So the launch of Blackberry’s new phone is going really well 5 Tech A new iPhone 8 case leak shows us a very different design Picked For You The Galaxy Note 8 was supposed to have a signature iPhone 8 feature, but it looks like it won’t By Zach Epstein 2 days ago Southwest Airlines is offering one-way flights for as low as $49 today By Mike Wehner 1 day ago A new iPhone 8 case leak shows us a very different design By Chris Smith 1 day ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Aktuality Nyheder Nachrichten Noticias Actualités Notizie Nieuws Nyheter Aktualności Notícias Новости Novinky Nyheter Uutiset CMTL to Implement One Click Ecommerce Service for Intel® Customers and Resellers News provided by CMTL 09 Jun, 2017, 16:00 ET Share this article ANAHEIM, Calif., June 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- CMTL, (www.cmtlabs.com), (Computer Memory Test Labs), announced today that a new ecommerce service for Intel customers and resellers will be added to the CMTL website. The ecommerce product categories will include: systems, motherboards, memory, flash, processors and peripherals. The ecommerce links will be posted at the top of each Intel server and NUC search page. Example links: Intel server ecommerce, Intel NUC ecommerce. Any Intel product reseller, system integrator or distributor interested in utilizing this resource should send an e-mail to: ecommerce@cmtlabs.com. CMTL President, John Deters stated, "The ability to provide this convenient purchasing assistance tool for Intel customers and resellers is tremendous. Implementation of this new capability required a link being added from the Intel Server Configurator to CMTL's real-time posting list. Prior to that development, it could take over a month for approved product information to become public. It would then require the customer to either write down or cut and paste the manufacturer's name and part number and then perform a Google® search to source a reseller in order to purchase the specific Intel approved product. Now all of that can be accomplished with one click." About CMTL: Established in 1996 in cooperation with Intel, CMTL is an independent test lab that performs memory and flash product compatibility/functionality testing on all Intel server and NUC computer platforms and systems. Products pass the Intel Advanced test process by CMTL are listed on each specific platform/system approved product list in real-time. Intel is a registered trademark of Intel Corporation. Google is a registered trade mark of Google Corporation. CMTL is a service mark of Computer Memory Test Labs Inc.         Contact: John Deters, CMTL, 770-238-2085, jdeters@cmtlabs.com            To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cmtl-to-implement-one-click-ecommerce-service-for-intel-customers-and-resellers-300471835.html SOURCE CMTL Related Links http://www.cmtlabs.com 19 Jan, 2017, 14:08 ET Preview: Dataram Server Memory Modules Receive CMTL Platinum Certification My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 18 Jan, 2017, 14:40 ET Dataram Server Memory Modules Receive CMTL Platinum Certification 18 Jan, 2017, 14:40 ET CMTL Initiates Free Server Memory Support for System Builders and... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Electronic Commerce You just read: CMTL to Implement One Click Ecommerce Service for Intel® Customers and Resellers News provided by CMTL 09 Jun, 2017, 16:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Aktuality Nyheder Nachrichten Noticias Actualités Notizie Nieuws Nyheter Aktualności Notícias Новости Novinky Nyheter Uutiset Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Latest News Dow 21,272 +89.44 +0.42% Nasdaq 6,208 -113.84 -1.80% S&P 500 2,432 -2.02 -0.08% 6/09 Updated Sex in an airplane seat? Making staff cry? Why airline passengers have lost the plot 6/09 Updated These women born before suffrage share their thoughts on the Trump era 6/09 Updated Soon you’ll be able to check into flights with a fingerprint — but should you? 6/09 Updated Is social media the new court of law for fashion copycats? 6/09 Updated Mortgages are unaffordable in half of America’s largest housing markets 6/09 Updated Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree all entrepreneurs need this quality 6/09 Updated Jerry Seinfeld reveals why he declined (three times) to hug Kesha 6/09 Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 6/09 Updated The Nasdaq just blew its biggest lead in more than a year as tech stocks unravel 6/09 BREAKING: James Comey’s congressional testimony drew 19.5 million viewers 6/09 Updated Nasdaq tumbles on tech selloff while Dow climbs to record close 6/09 Opinion Pay attention to the ominous pattern in big technology stocks 6/09 Is the largest inflow into bonds in over 2 years an ominous sign for bears or bulls? 6/09 Updated 2-year Treasury yield notches largest weekly gain since April 6/09 Airline passengers reach a new low and Jerry Seinfeld explains why he declined a hug 6/09 This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 6/09 Trump: Qatar Funds Terrorism at 'Very High Level' 6/09 Updated Wall Street’s fear index bounces off 23-year low as tech stocks sink 6/09 Updated Trump Today: President says he didn’t ask Comey to ‘pledge allegiance’ to him 6/09 Exxon says it didn’t mislead investors on climate, calls claims ‘reckless’ Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release CMTL to Implement One Click Ecommerce Service for Intel® Customers and Resellers By Published: June 9, 2017 4:00 p.m. ET Share ANAHEIM, Calif., June 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- CMTL, (www.cmtlabs.com), (Computer Memory Test Labs), announced today that a new ecommerce service for Intel customers and resellers will be added to the CMTL website. The ecommerce product categories will include: systems, motherboards, memory, flash, processors and peripherals. The ecommerce links will be posted at the top of each Intel server and NUC search page. Example links: Intel server ecommerce, Intel NUC ecommerce. Any Intel product reseller, system integrator or distributor interested in utilizing this resource should send an e-mail to: ecommerce@cmtlabs.com. CMTL President, John Deters stated, "The ability to provide this convenient purchasing assistance tool for Intel customers and resellers is tremendous. Implementation of this new capability required a link being added from the Intel Server Configurator to CMTL's real-time posting list. Prior to that development, it could take over a month for approved product information to become public. It would then require the customer to either write down or cut and paste the manufacturer's name and part number and then perform a Google® search to source a reseller in order to purchase the specific Intel approved product. Now all of that can be accomplished with one click." About CMTL: Established in 1996 in cooperation with Intel, CMTL is an independent test lab that performs memory and flash product compatibility/functionality testing on all Intel server and NUC computer platforms and systems. Products pass the Intel Advanced test process by CMTL are listed on each specific platform/system approved product list in real-time. Intel is a registered trademark of Intel Corporation. Google is a registered trade mark of Google Corporation. CMTL is a service mark of Computer Memory Test Labs Inc.         Contact: John Deters, CMTL, 770-238-2085, jdeters@cmtlabs.com            To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cmtl-to-implement-one-click-ecommerce-service-for-intel-customers-and-resellers-300471835.html SOURCE CMTL Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage The Nasdaq just blew its biggest lead in more than a year as tech stocks unravel Concerns increase about John McCain’s health after Comey hearing 5 insights from a retail trader who claims he parlayed $600 into $100,000 Most Popular Sex in an airplane seat? Making staff cry? Why airline passengers have lost the plot Pay attention to the ominous pattern in big technology stocks The Nasdaq just blew its biggest lead in more than a year as tech stocks unravel Nasdaq tumbles on tech selloff while Dow climbs to record close Film Clip: 'The Mummy' MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Microsoft intel qualcomm Intel hints that Microsoft, Qualcomm's Windows 10/ARM x86 emulation could infringe on its IP Shots fired! By Rob Thubron on Jun 9, 2017, 6:15 AM 14 comments TechSpot During the recent Computex event, Qualcomm and Microsoft revealed the first OEMs that would be using their Windows 10 on ARM platform announced last December. But it seems the Snapdragon 835 PCs, which use x86 emulation technology, aren’t being welcomed by one company: Intel. The chip maker didn’t mention either firm by name, but in a recent blog post titled “X86: Approaching 40 and Still Going Strong,” Intel gave a strong hint that Qualcomm and Microsoft’s plan could be infringing upon its intellectual property. "There have been reports that some companies may try to emulate Intel's proprietary x86 ISA without Intel's authorization," writes chief lawyer Stephen Rodgers and Intel Labs Director Richard A. Uhlig. "We do not welcome unlawful infringement of our patents, and we fully expect other companies to continue to respect Intel's intellectual property rights." The blog post also states: "Intel carefully protects its x86 innovations, and we do not widely license others to use them." The post goes on to mention previous instances where it enforced its patents against companies that used x86 emulation. Emulation is not a new technology, and Transmeta was notably the last company to claim to have produced a compatible x86 processor using emulation ('code morphing') techniques. Intel enforced patents relating to SIMD instruction set enhancements against Transmeta's x86 implementation even though it used emulation. In any event, Transmeta was not commercially successful, and it exited the microprocessor business 10 years ago.” Only time will tell if new attempts to emulate Intel's x86 ISA will meet a different fate. Qualcomm and the Windows 10 parntership will result in smaller, lighter machines that offer always-on functionality through the SnapDragon 835’s X16 LTE modem, as well as a longer-lasting battery. While Universal Windows Platform (UWP) will run natively, legacy win32 programs are run through an emulation process using the SoC’s kernel. Intel is doubtlessly concerned about the prospect of a new line of devices that are more mobile and have up to 50 percent more battery life than its x86-based machines, thanks to their smaller circuit boards. It’s expected that the new SnapDragon 835 PCs from Asus, HP, and Lenovo will arrive this fall. But it looks as if Intel could be ready to take this fight to the courts. Whether it has the resources to take on the combined might of both Qualcomm and Microsoft is another matter. Related Reads Microsoft reportedly targeting June for Windows 10 RTM, files trademark for 'Windows 365' Microsoft will no longer sell retail copies of Windows 8, consumer versions of Windows 7 to OEMs Microsoft pledges to upgrade all Windows Phone 8 Lumias to Windows 10 14 comments 124 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Microsoft unveils all-new Surface Pro with battery life improvements Payday 2 is now available for free on Steam Fortnite releases in July as long as you pay for the free-to-play game Popular Corsair Glaive RGB Gaming Mouse Review Tips for Playing PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds 17 comments Microsoft rolls out new Windows 10 Creators Fall Update test build with tons of new features Payday 2 is now available for free on Steam Load Comments 14 ... User Comments: 14 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 7 Question about WannaCry Windows Patch 68 Trying to reinstall Vista Home Premium 32 bit 14 How to install Windows 7 on a UEFI laptop 18 Takes wayyy tooo long to (re)boot up 7 Lock-in drive letter designation? Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1371, 05 Jun 17 #1370, 22 May 17 #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist GarageBand 10.2 Swift Publisher 5.0 Evernote 6.11.1 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.5.6 Fantastical 2.3.8 DEVONagent 3.9.7 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.12 Caboodle 2.0.3 iMovie 10.1.6 BBEdit 11.6.6     Related Articles Maca Culpa: Apple Admits Mac Pro Missteps and Promises More Transparency (04 Apr 17) Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything In Between (03 Nov 16)     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Macs & Mac OS X | 06 Jun 2017 | Print  | Comment (21) Apple Beefs Up iMac and MacBook Lines, Teases the iMac Pro by Adam C. Engst At WWDC 2017 today, Apple devoted a non-trivial segment of the keynote to new Mac hardware, showing off improved iMacs and performance-enhanced MacBook Pros and mentioning a speed bump to the MacBook Air in passing. After running through all the changes to today’s models, Apple gave a sneak preview of the iMac Pro, a workstation-class version of the 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display that’s scheduled to ship at the end of the year. No mention was made of the Mac mini or Mac Pro, though Apple has already said that the Mac Pro is in the middle of a major redesign that won’t be done until 2018 at the earliest (see “Maca Culpa: Apple Admits Mac Pro Missteps and Promises More Transparency,” 4 April 2017). iMac -- The workhorse of Apple’s desktop line has long been the iMac, which Apple continues to offer in three basic models: a 21.5-inch non-Retina version, a 21.5-inch iMac with 4K Retina display, and the 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display. On the CPU front, each model receives a speed bump thanks to Apple using Intel’s 7th generation “Kaby Lake” processors and increasing clock speeds. You can see the specifics on Apple’s Tech Specs page, but the summary is that Apple is focusing more effort on the 21.5 Retina iMac, offering just a single configuration of the non-Retina model. Benchmarks will show how much faster the combination of new CPUs and higher clock speeds will be, but I suspect purchases will mostly be based on price. Although the iMac Retina displays are already gorgeous, Apple claims to have improved them even more in both the 21.5-inch and 27-inch sizes, increasing brightness 43 percent to 500 nits and supporting display of up to 1 billion colors. The non-Retina iMac model drives its screen with the integrated Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640, but all the Retina models now take advantage of Radeon Pro GPUs, the 555 and 560 for the 21.5-inch models and the 570, 575, and 580 models for the 27-inch models. The notable win here is for the 21.5-inch Retina models, which were previously limited to integrated Intel Iris Pro Graphics 6200. Apple has made the Fusion Drive standard in more configurations, and the company claims that the SSDs available in 256 GB, 512 GB, and 1 TB capacities are up to 50 percent faster. You can also configure the top-of-the-line 27-inch iMac with a 2 TB SSD for a whopping $1400. When it comes to RAM, all base models still ship with 8 GB. The non-Retina iMac and low-end 21.5 Retina model remain limited to 16 GB, but the high-end 21.5-inch Retina model can now take 16 GB or 32 GB, a welcome improvement. Similarly, the low-end 27-inch model still maxes out at 32 GB, but the two higher-end models can take 16 GB, 32 GB, or 64 GB. RAM in the 21.5-inch iMac models cannot be upgraded by the user, but you can install memory in the 27-inch model yourself. Unsurprisingly, Apple replaced the previous models’ Thunderbolt 2 ports with a pair of Thunderbolt 3 ports that support DisplayPort for external screens, Thunderbolt at up to 40 Gbps, USB 3.1 Gen 2 at up to 10 Gbps, and various other protocols via adapters (see “Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything In Between,” 3 November 2016). All these changes are welcome for anyone in the market for a new iMac. I doubt they’re significant enough to warrant trading in an existing Retina iMac, unless Thunderbolt 3 is a necessity. The most interesting changes are actually in the 21.5-inch models, which move past the RAM and graphics limitations of the previous configuration while introducing a cheaper config. The 21.5-inch non-Retina iMac remains priced at $1099, with the two Retina configurations starting at $1299 and $1499. The 27-inch model comes in three configurations: $1799, $1999, and $2299. They’re all available now. Perhaps I’m just boggled by the number of changes Apple announced in the WWDC keynote, but I couldn’t see how to give more context for the changes in relation to previous configurations because the matrix of what models get which build-to-order options was just too complicated. If you want to price out different possibilities, I recommend opening several browser windows so you can compare the configurations side by side. MacBook, MacBook Pro, and MacBook Air -- As with the iMac, Apple updated the processors in the MacBook and MacBook Pro with new Kaby Lake processors running at higher clock speeds. That should improve performance, although likely not by that much. The MacBook Pro models also get improved graphics processing, with the 13-inch MacBook Pro models using Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 and 650, and the 15-inch models switching to Radeon Pro 555 and 560 discrete GPUs on top of Intel HD Graphics 630 and 640. You can now buy a MacBook with 16 GB of RAM, up from the previous limit of 8 GB, and Apple claims that the MacBook’s onboard SSD is up to 50 percent faster. That might make the MacBook a more attractive option, given that lackluster performance was one of its main disadvantages. Despite rumors to the contrary, the MacBook Air lives, but it sees the least change, replacing its stock 1.6 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with a 1.8 GHz model. It remains upgradeable to an Intel Core i7 running at 2.2 GHz. Although these changes are all positive, they do nothing to simplify the difficulty of choosing between the three models. Each falls into the three-dimensional graph of price, performance, and size in a different spot. You’ll have to decide what’s most important to you — cost, speed, or portability — and figure out which of Apple’s notebooks best fits your needs. As with the new iMac models, these updated notebooks are all available now. iMac Pro -- During the private media meeting in which Apple executives confessed to the company’s sins with regard to the Mac Pro, mention was made of pro-related announcements about the iMac coming this year. Apple has now revealed more of what that means, pulling back the curtains on the iMac Pro. Due in December 2017, the iMac Pro retains the same form factor of the 27-inch iMac with 5K Retina display, but swaps the brushed aluminum look for a space gray finish that extends to the Magic Keyboard with Numeric Keypad, Magic Mouse 2, and an optional Magic Trackpad 2. The goal of the iMac Pro is to provide workstation-class performance within the iMac design. The hardest part of that is dealing with heat, because the iMac Pro will feature Intel Xeon processors in 8-core, 10-core, or 18-core configurations. Also playing into the necessary thermal architecture redesign is Apple’s use of a new Radeon Pro Vega GPU, which reportedly features a next-generation compute core and up to 16 GB of on-package high-bandwidth memory (HBM2). Apple says that the iMac Pro with Vega GPU delivers up to 11 teraflops of single-precision compute power for real-time 3D rendering and high frame rate VR. For half-precision computation that’s reportedly ideal for machine learning, the iMac Pro can deliver up to 22 teraflops of performance. (No, we don’t really have a sense of what that means, either, but Apple PR did a good job of making it sound impressive.) The iMac Pro will come with 32 GB of RAM by default, but for a machine in this class, the fact that it’s configurable to 64 GB or 128 GB is more important. A 1 TB SSD is also standard, with 2 TB and 4 TB SSDs as options. Unsurprisingly, the iMac Pro sports four Thunderbolt 3 ports, which enables it to drive up to two 5K displays and two high-performance RAID arrays at the same time. Other connectivity options mimic what’s on the 27-inch iMac with 5K Retina display now, with the exception of Ethernet. Instead of gigabit Ethernet, the iMac Pro will include 10 Gb Ethernet, which could be a big deal when transferring huge amounts of data between machines. How much will all this cost? A lot, with the base iMac Pro configuration starting at $4999. Apple claimed that a comparable workstation would cost about $7000, without a 5K display. Even still, given the high price of large SSDs and RAM, we anticipate that a loaded iMac Pro will easily meet or exceed that $7000 mark. But that won’t stop the audience for the iMac Pro. If you need the maximum performance from a Mac, the iMac Pro will provide it. At least until a new Mac Pro makes its debut, and many of those who live and die by the teraflop won’t want to wait.   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about Apple Beefs Up iMac and MacBook Lines, Teases the iMac Pro To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. As part of the announcement-heavy WWDC keynote, Apple has revved the iMac line with Intel’s 7th-generation Kaby Lake CPUs, higher performance graphics, brighter screens, and faster SSDs. The MacBook and MacBook Pro also get new CPUs, the MacBook becomes more expandable, and the MacBook Air receives a small speed bump. The most unexpected news, however, was the announcement of the iMac Pro, due in December 2017. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Michael E. Cohen   2017-06-06 10:48 And if anyone out there thinks the iMac Pro means that a Mac Pro ISN'T also coming, Apple's press release on the iMac Pro puts that misconception to rest: "In addition to the new iMac Pro, Apple is working on a completely redesigned, next-generation Mac Pro architected for pro customers who need the highest-end, high-throughput system in a modular design, as well as a new high-end pro display." Reply Mackay Bell  2017-06-07 20:38 It seems that part of the reason they revealed that they were working on an expandable Mac Pro (and apologizing for the trash can version) is they wanted people to get excited about the iMac Pro, and not suck up all the air complaining about the lack of an expandable system. By getting that story out before the release, they could get a little more excitement going for the coming of the iMac Pro. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-09 09:49 I think you're spot on. Reply Alan Forkosh   2017-06-06 11:09 It's noteworthy that Apple didn't mention anything about the Touch Bar. As it stands now, Touch Bar is an orphan, present on only on the MacBook Pro line. It strikes me as something that can't really be considered a standard until there is a desktop version of it also--either a new keyboard or a standalone item to be paired with a keyboard. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-06 12:00 In fact, it turns out that Apple did release a new wireless Magic Keyboard with Numeric Keypad. But not with a Touch Bar. Boo! http://techcrunch.com/2017/06/05/apple-has-a-new-wireless-magic-keyboard-with-a-full-numeric-keypad/amp/ Reply Paul Ellis  2017-06-06 13:53 The Touch Bar is a gimmick. It breaks all the rules of ergonomics and focus. It might possibly make some sense when positioned close the the screen, and therefore point of focus, on a laptop, but makes little sense for a desktop. If I were a developer, which thankfully I'm not, I wouldn't be wasting any time developing for it, and certainly not if I'd previously been stung by OpenDoc, QuickTime VR, etc. etc. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:57 I like what Apple is doing with the iMac and I'll give them the benefit of the doubt when it comes to assuming they'll make things right with the new Mac Pro once it finally arrives. The MBP seems fine. I still don't see what TouchBar is supposed to accomplish - I also think it's mainly a gimmick with poor ergonomics. Apple didn't spend any time on it at this WWDC. Does anybody think it might disappear during the next overhaul? I don't really get why Apple is keeping the MBA around instead of just trying to make an inexpensive entry-level MB instead. Since there is no inexpensive entry-level MB, I assume that means the MB is targeting the middle/high-end of the compact/light market. So with that in mind, why in the world did they not replace that USB-C with TB3? If this were a budget Mac at $999 targeted at schools and students, fine. But since this is a midrange Mac we're talking about, why leave it stuck with USB-C? Nothing TB3 offers can't be done with USB-C, but TB3 is just more versatile and it is no doubt the new standard across Macs - well almost, sigh. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:59 (cont.) My only real gripe on the Mac side is the Mac mini. How can Apple just let it sit there to die? Either kill it off already (so people know they'll have to go Hackintosh) or update it. But just leaving it sit there without a clear plan makes we wonder what message Apple is trying to send. It reminds me of the Mac Pro situation before pressure from pros and tech journalists forced Apple to take a stand. I see a lot of potential for the Mac mini, from cheap servers to simple office computers, offering a low-price entry point to the Mac universe, schools, home media servers, etc. I'm afraid all of that is "too techy" and not sexy enough for the new Apple. I really hope I'm wrong. I'm holding onto my trusty Core i5 Mac mini, but with its 4 GB of RAM (could be upgraded) and 500 GB HDD (could also be upgraded, but is that worth it?) its days are numbered even as my home media server. Reply Bertrand Morin  2017-06-06 19:27 Is the memory (RAM) upgradable in the iMac 27in. by the user, as it wad older iMac… Reply James  2017-06-08 07:58 Did you read the product page for the 27" iMac? If not, go back and read it again. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-09 09:48 Yes, it is in the 27-inch model. But RAM in the 21.5-inch model is not user-upgradeable (although it's not soldered to the motherboard either). Reply Scott M.   2017-06-07 01:08 Is there any indication yet if the new iMac models (both 21.5" and 27") have user upgradable RAM? There is some wording on the Apple page that you can upgrade the 21.5" RAM after purchase through Apple or an authorized dealer, but it not 100% clear. And the page for the 27" is completely silent. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-07 09:59 The 21.5-inch models are NOT user-upgradeable, but the 27-inch model is. See http://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201191 Reply Bob  2017-06-08 18:02 Scott, MacRumors reports "iFixit has published a teardown of the new 4K 21.5-inch iMac, which reveals that – surprisingly – Apple's smallest all-in-one desktop machine has both removable RAM and a Kaby Lake processor that's not soldered onto the logic board." Note though, updating is an involved process. Certainly not user-replaceable by the average owner. But at least users aren't irrevocably locked in to what they originally purchased. Reply Scott M.   2017-06-09 02:28 I guess that I should have been a little more accurate with my question. I was more trying to determine if the RAM in both the 21.5" and 27" is upgradable, whether user upgradable as officially supported by Apple or even just upgradable but only officially by Apple or an Apple ASP (which means a user can do it if they are afraid to open up their Mac and maybe end up having Apple not provide support under the warranty if there is a problem). Reply Scott M.   2017-06-09 02:32 Good to know. I am not afraid to open up a Mac even for supposedly no user upgradable items at least officially in Apple's eyes. On my original 2006 MBP, I replaced a fan that was squealing due to the bearings and also upgrade the WiFi card, neither of which was consider user upgradable by Apple (certainly not the fan at least...not sure about the WiFi card). It likely would not matter as if I were in the market for an iMac (I am currently not), I would be going for a 27" model anyway. I am kind of used to the 27" Thunderbolt display that I have, so going back to what would seem like a freakishly small (to me) 21.5" screen would not really be an option. Reply Henrik Munster  2017-06-09 10:46 There is "not user upgradeable" and then there is "not user upgradeable". I have myself opened a few MacBooks and even PowerBooks, but opening an iMac seems to me to be quite frightening. My suggestion would be to at least take a look at the instructions at iFixit before attempting to do anything. Reply Scott M.   2017-06-09 22:00 Always do. When I am going to crack open any Mac (or any other Apple product or even some non-Apple products these days although they tend to cover every Apple product but not so much for non-Apple products), iFixit is the first stop when I even start to think about it. It was their guides that helped me replace the fan on the 2006 MBP and upgrade the WiFi card for that same Mac. iFixit is an excellent source for determining what kind of trouble I might get into. ;-) Reply Simon  2017-06-08 18:20 I wonder if the non-retina 21.5" iMac will have the same SO-DIMM slots? I guess the replaceable CPU is a given because apparently Intel does not offer desktop Kaby Lake with BGA (i.e. soldered). Reply Scott Randell  2017-06-09 15:13 Hey Adam, the hardware part of the announcements were of little interest to me. Mostly because of the price points. The average user will not need an iMac Pro, nor could they justify paying for it. The price points on the regular iMac are ridiculous. The 27 inch with 512 GB SSD is a much better value than the 21 inch with the same add ons. Especially when you consider you can install extra 8 GB of ram yourself for about $60.00 vs the $200.00 Apple charges. With the same add ons the 27 inch is only $260.00 more than the 21 inch. Unless space is a consideration the 27 inch is a much better value, and you can add more ram down the road. I personally hope they come out with a reasonably priced user upgradable tower you can buy as much or as little as you need. Regards to all Tidbits staff. Reply David   2017-06-09 15:45 "The average user will not need an iMac Pro, nor could they justify paying for it" Er...yes? I don't think it's particularly aimed at the average user. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. As part of the announcement-heavy WWDC keynote, Apple has revved the iMac line with Intel’s 7th-generation Kaby Lake CPUs, higher performance graphics, brighter screens, and faster SSDs. The MacBook and MacBook Pro also get new CPUs, the MacBook becomes more expandable, and the MacBook Air receives a small speed bump. The most unexpected news, however, was the announcement of the iMac Pro, due in December 2017. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Urban Outfitters (URBN) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.06 Intel Co. (INTC) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $14.41 Billion Laurion Capital Management LP Purchases Shares of 24,300 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (SBH) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $12.82 Million Position in Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Buys 2,112 Shares of iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) 2,700 Shares in Chemed Co. (CHE) Acquired by Laurion Capital Management LP Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Laurion Capital Management LP Invests $504,000 in INC Research Holdings Inc (INCR) Laurion Capital Management LP Takes Position in Telephone & Data Systems, Inc. (TDS) Stephens Inc. AR Takes Position in Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) Cincinnati Financial Co. (CINF) Shares Bought by Stephens Inc. AR WINTON GROUP Ltd Purchases 24,124 Shares of Humana Inc (HUM) Stephens Inc. AR Has $426,000 Stake in W. R. Berkley Corp (WRB) 8,700 Shares in Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc (FDP) Acquired by Laurion Capital Management LP Poplar Forest Capital LLC Buys Shares of 4,500 Kansas City Southern (KSU) Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Shares Bought by Stephens Inc. AR WINTON GROUP Ltd Invests $2.39 Million in Ameren Corp (AEE) WINTON GROUP Ltd Acquires New Position in AMETEK, Inc. (AME) Mohawk Industries, Inc. (MHK) Shares Bought by WINTON GROUP Ltd Stephens Inc. AR Cuts Position in Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Intel Co. (INTC) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $14.41 Billion June 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Analysts expect that Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) will report $14.41 billion in sales for the current quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Twelve analysts have made estimates for Intel’s earnings, with the highest sales estimate coming in at $14.45 billion and the lowest estimate coming in at $14.40 billion. Intel posted sales of $13.53 billion during the same quarter last year, which would indicate a positive year-over-year growth rate of 6.5%. The company is scheduled to report its next earnings report after the market closes on Thursday, July 27th. On average, analysts expect that Intel will report full-year sales of $14.41 billion for the current financial year, with estimates ranging from $59.97 billion to $61.50 billion. For the next fiscal year, analysts forecast that the firm will report sales of $61.82 billion per share, with estimates ranging from $60.08 billion to $64.50 billion. Zacks Investment Research’s sales averages are a mean average based on a survey of research firms that follow Intel. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The chip maker reported $0.66 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.65 by $0.01. Intel had a return on equity of 20.95% and a net margin of 17.37%. The firm had revenue of $14.80 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $14.80 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.54 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Several research firms have commented on INTC. Citigroup Inc reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Intel in a report on Saturday, February 11th. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and set a $44.00 price objective on shares of Intel in a research report on Sunday, February 12th. Pacific Crest restated an “overweight” rating and set a $43.00 price objective on shares of Intel in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Needham & Company LLC restated a “buy” rating on shares of Intel in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Finally, Vetr downgraded shares of Intel from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $37.50 price objective for the company. in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and twenty-seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. Intel has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $40.39. In other news, CFO Robert Holmes Swan acquired 13,888 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, June 5th. The stock was bought at an average price of $36.31 per share, with a total value of $504,273.28. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 8,774 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $318,583.94. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 72,172 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.21, for a total transaction of $2,541,176.12. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 549,091 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $19,333,494.11. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 119,993 shares of company stock worth $4,276,027 in the last 90 days. 0.09% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. United Services Automobile Association increased its stake in shares of Intel by 8.3% in the third quarter. United Services Automobile Association now owns 5,936,220 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $224,092,000 after buying an additional 452,883 shares during the period. Douglass Winthrop Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Intel by 3.1% in the third quarter. Douglass Winthrop Advisors LLC now owns 43,060 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $1,626,000 after buying an additional 1,288 shares during the period. Donaldson Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Intel by 7.2% in the third quarter. Donaldson Capital Management LLC now owns 27,668 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $1,044,000 after buying an additional 1,855 shares during the period. Advantus Capital Management Inc increased its stake in shares of Intel by 1.1% in the third quarter. Advantus Capital Management Inc now owns 468,018 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $17,668,000 after buying an additional 5,278 shares during the period. Finally, Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Intel by 1.3% in the third quarter. Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. now owns 11,350 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $428,000 after buying an additional 150 shares during the period. 65.90% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Intel (INTC) traded down 2.28% during trading on Friday, reaching $35.65. 16,202,035 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm has a market capitalization of $167.88 billion, a PE ratio of 15.43 and a beta of 1.03. The company’s 50-day moving average is $36.23 and its 200 day moving average is $36.11. Intel has a 1-year low of $30.44 and a 1-year high of $38.45. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, June 1st. Investors of record on Sunday, May 7th were issued a $0.2725 dividend. This is a positive change from Intel’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.26. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, May 3rd. This represents a $1.09 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.99%. Intel’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 49.29%. WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/09/intel-co-intc-expected-to-post-quarterly-sales-of-14-41-billion-2.html. About Intel Intel Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing products and technologies, such as the cloud. The Company’s segments are Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group (NSG), Intel Security Group (ISecG), Programmable Solutions Group (PSG), All Other and New Technology Group (NTG). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Intel (INTC) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Intel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Microsoft Azure adds OpenBSD support. Repeat. Azure adds OpenBSD support. Avanade getting into hardware to deliver an Azure Stack Amazon pulls snouts from all-you-can-eat cloud storage buffet Speaking in Tech: Blame millennials for customer engagement upheaval Windows 10 Creators Update preview: Lovin' for Edge and pen users, nowt much else Microsoft officially hangs up on old Skype phones, users fuming Hadoop-flinger MapR: Yes to IPO, profits 'soon after' Apple appears to relax ban on apps fetching, running extra code – remains aloof as always Witcher dev CD Projekt Red says hackers stole game concepts and asked for ransom Say hello to Dvmap: The first Android malware with code injection DDoS attack brings Qatar's Al Jazeera website to its knees In detail: How we are all pushed, filed, stamped, indexed, briefed, debriefed or numbered – by online biz all day So despite all the cash ploughed into big data, no one knows how to make it profitable HPE: You're rubbish at hybrid cloud – so we'll cook a NüStack to fix it HPE claims new gen-10 ProLiants have more mem persistence, more secure server firmware Who's going to dig you out of a security hole when the time comes? State of DevOps: Everyone's slinging code out faster First-day-on-the-job dev: I accidentally nuked production database, was instantly fired How do you do, fellow kids? Grandpa Puppet gets down with Docker What happened when 300 DevOps experts took over the QE II? Policy The Channel Afrinic shuts down IP address shutdown over internet shutdowns Record number of non-EU techies coming to Blighty Watch out Facebook, Google – the EU wants easy access to your data ICO seizes phones and computers in nuisance call scam raids You know this net neutrality thing? Well, people love it I fought Ohm's Law and the law won: Drone crash takes out power to Silicon Valley homes Intel to Qualcomm and Microsoft: Nice x86 emulation you've got there, shame if it got sued into oblivion My unpopular career in writing computer reviews? It's a gift Geek's Guide Whisky snobs scotched by artificial tongue Shoebox-sized satellites made by civs win trip on NASA's newest rocket Science megablast: Comets may have brought xenon to Earth Feeling old? Well, we're older than that: Newly found Homo sapiens jaw dates back 350k years Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things DIY self-driving cars are closer than they appear Boeing planning pilotless passenger flights, once it solves the Sully problem Mcubed: More speakers join machine learning and AI extravaganza DeepMind takes a shot at teaching AI to reason with relational networks Verity Stob Hyperloop One teases idea of 50-minute London-Edinburgh ride Class clowns literally classless: Harvard axes meme-flinging morons Oil and lube firm offers to ease pains of frustrated office workers Utah fights man's attempt to marry laptop 23 Personal Tech Intel to Qualcomm and Microsoft: Nice x86 emulation you've got there, shame if it got sued into oblivion Chipzilla sends not-so-subtle threat to ARM crew 9 Jun 2017 at 18:52, Shaun Nichols Intel used the 40th anniversary of its x86 architecture to warn chip rivals to mind their step when emulating its instruction set. The reigning desktop and data center server CPU king (AMD, you know it's true) said it would not hesitate to sic its lawyers on any competitor whose emulation tools got too close to copying the patented portions of its x86 instruction set architecture (ISA). "Intel welcomes lawful competition, and we are confident that Intel's microprocessors, which have been specifically optimized to implement Intel's x86 ISA for almost four decades, will deliver amazing experiences, consistency across applications, and a full breadth of consumer offerings, full manageability and IT integration for the enterprise," general counsel Steven Rodgers wrote on Thursday. "However, we do not welcome unlawful infringement of our patents, and we fully expect other companies to continue to respect Intel's intellectual property rights." The passage is a less-than-subtle warning to Qualcomm and Microsoft, the two companies that have been championing an effort to port Windows to ARM-compatible chips and provide Intel some rare competition (stop whining, AMD) in the desktop and notebook market. The first Snapdragon-powered Windows 10 ARM PCs are due to hit the market later this year. In order to get Qualcomm's ARMv8-compatible processors to run all Windows apps efficiently, even standard x86 ones, Qualcomm and Microsoft have to emulate Intel's messy instruction set. In other words, Qualy and Redmond want people to run their favorite apps on Snapdragon Windows computers, whether they are built for x86 hardware or ARM. Microsoft already ships a full x86 system emulator – in its Windows malware protection engine. And x86 emulators have been around for years – see Qemu, for example. "Emulation is not a new technology, and Transmeta was notably the last company to claim to have produced a compatible x86 processor using emulation ('code morphing') techniques. Intel enforced patents relating to SIMD instruction set enhancements against Transmeta's x86 implementation even though it used emulation," Rodgers noted. "In any event, Transmeta was not commercially successful, and it exited the microprocessor business 10 years ago." Qualcomm, however, was unfazed by the warning. The chip designer pretty much told Intel to go fsck itself. "Given our recent announcement with ASUS, HP and Lenovo, we found the blog that one of our competitors published on June 8 very interesting," a spokesperson told us. "We look forward to the launch of the always connected Windows 10 PC powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Mobile PC Platform later this year. As showcased at Computex 2017 in conjunction with Microsoft, the Snapdragon 835 Mobile PC Platform brings a true always connected PC experience with support for up to Gigabit LTE connectivity and all-day battery life for sleek, thin and fanless designs. This will change the future of personal computing." Microsoft, meanwhile, appears to be taking the diplomatic route and isn't responding to requests for comment on the matter. ® Tips and corrections 23 Comments MORE Microsoft Intel x86 Windows Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register Microsoft touts SQL Server 2017 as 'first RDBMS with built-in AI' Python slithers in next to R 22 Comments Microsoft beefs up Skype for Business as Amazon Chimes in Corporate comms face-off 7 Comments Microsoft patched more Malware Protection Engine bugs last week Redmond's out-of-band advisory landed after the bugs were fixed 14 Comments Embrace our cloud, damn you: Microsoft dangles 40% discount on Azure instances Embrace it! *shakes fist* 20 Comments Microsoft rolls the Deis for container wrangling Kubernetes championing continues with gobble of orchestration specialist 2 Comments It's just 'Pro' now, guys: Microsoft gives Surface a subtle resurfacing Boutique fondleslab gains SIM slot... but not until later this year 65 Comments Whitepapers Preparing for Private Cloud and Hybrid IT with Red Hat Cloud Infrastructure IT organizations continue to run many of their traditional apps on premise, moving to private cloud, while using public shared cloud for selected “other” workloads. Evaluation Guide for Mobile App Security Testing What do you need to look for when identifying, evaluating, and implementing mobile app security testing solutions? Advanced In-Memory Computing With the rise of real time and on-demand applications, massive data is generated which needs better and faster processing that derives meaningful patterns from the data generated. The Total Economic Impact Of The Smart Communications Solution A framework to evaluate the potential financial impact of the Smart Communications solution on their organisations. Most read US spook-sat buzzed the International Space Station HPE to staff: 'We are PERMANENTLY clipping your costs' Donald Trumped: Comey says Prez is a liar – and admits he's a leaker Ex-NSA bod sues US govt for 'illegally spying' on Americans: We drill into 'explosive' 'lawsuit' Microsoft officially hangs up on old Skype phones, users fuming Spotlight My unpopular career in writing computer reviews? It's a gift When can real-world laws invade augmented reality fantasies? A trial in Milwaukee will decide Defend yourself against ISP tracking in an Trump-era free-for-all Apple’s premium TV plans – the hobby doomed to stay that way Speaking in Tech: Glassholes are COOL now Apple's doing it Face down in a Shoreditch gutter: Attack of the kickstarting hipster Donald Trumped: Comey says Prez is a liar – and admits he's a leaker Tech can do a lot, Prime Minister, but it can't save the NHS Sponsored links Know Your Infrastructure - On Prem and in the Cloud Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news and views for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Technology Lab — Intel fires warning shots at Microsoft, claims x86 emulation is a patent minefield Intel doesn't name names, but Windows 10 on ARM is surely the target of its ire. Peter Bright - Jun 9, 2017 6:38 pm UTC Enlarge / Qualcomm's prototype of a Snapdragon 835 motherboard for an ARM PC has an area of 50.4 square centimetres. Qualcomm reader comments 165 Share this story In celebrating the x86 architecture's 39th birthday yesterday—the 8086 processor first came to market on June 8, 1978—Intel took the rather uncelebratory step of threatening any company working on x86 emulator technology. Intel's blog post offers a rundown of all the investments that the company has made in extending and improving the x86 instruction set, with features such as SSE, AVX, TSX transactional memory, and SGX secure enclaves acting as a demonstration of how the company has transformed this ancient instruction set into something cutting edge and forward-looking. But the second part of the post takes a more sour note: Intel notes that many of these developments are patented and that it has a history of using patents to protect its x86 innovations  AMD, Cyrix, VIA, and Transmeta are all named as victims of this defence. The post doesn't name any names, but it's not too hard to figure out who it's likely to be aimed at: Microsoft, perhaps with a hint of Qualcomm. Later in the year, companies including Asus, HP, and Lenovo will be releasing Windows laptops using Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 processor. This is not the first time that Windows has been released on ARM processors—Microsoft's first attempt to bring Windows to ARM was the ill-fated Windows 8-era Windows RT in 2012—but this time around there's a key difference. Windows RT systems could not run any x86 applications. Windows 10 for ARM machines, however, will include a software-based x86 emulator that will provide compatibility with most or all 32-bit x86 applications. This compatibility makes these ARM-based machines a threat to Intel in a way that Windows RT never was; if WinARM can run Wintel software but still offer lower prices, better battery life, lower weight, or similar, Intel's dominance of the laptop space is no longer assured. The implication of Intel's post is that the chip giant isn't just going to be relying on technology to secure its position in this space, but the legal system, too. The full details of Windows 10's x86 emulation are unknown; critical to Intel's patent threat will be questions of precisely which x86 extensions are supported. The core 32-bit x86 instruction set is more than 30 years old (it made its debut with the 386, released all the way back in 1985) and as such it's not going to be patent-encumbered. Microsoft's emulator could also safely ignore the very latest x86 extensions such as TSX, SGX, and MPE because software that uses the extensions is so rare. Some extensions, such as the VT-x virtualization features, are irrelevant to running Windows applications, so they can similarly be skipped. Intel has filed a ton of patents to cover the various x86 extensions that have been developed over the years. Intel This leaves the extensions with widespread application adoption that are new enough to still be covered by patents. For the most part, these extensions all fall into the same category: they're the various SIMD (single instruction, multiple data) instructions that have widespread use in certain kinds of number crunching, video and image processing, and gaming, among other fields. The newest of these instructions, the AVX family, is probably recent enough that developers do not blindly assume that AVX is available. Rather, they will include both AVX code and equivalent non-AVX code so that if AVX is not available, they can fall back to slower but equivalent routines. But AVX's older predecessor, the SSE family, is much less likely to have such fallbacks. AVX needs fallbacks because developers can still reasonably expect that their programs will be run on machines that don't support AVX, but that's not the case for SSE: AMD made SSE2 a mandatory part of its 64-bit AMD64 extension, which means that virtually every chip that's been sold over the last decade or more will include SSE2 support. As such, developers don't need to bother including a non-SSE2 fallback path just in case SSE2 isn't present. Instead, their software will simply break. That's a problem, because the SSE family is also new enough—the various SSE extensions were introduced between 1999 and 2007—that any patents covering it will still be in force.  If Intel has patents on the SSE family that are applicable to a software emulator (and not merely to hardware clones), it's hard to see how the Windows emulator will be able to avoid these patents while also offering sufficient compatibility with x86 applications. Of course, this may just be tough talk from Intel, and until the software actually ships, it's hard to know precisely what exposure the emulator has. That x86 is patented is also widely known, so it would be a little surprising if Microsoft had not considered patent liability when developing the emulator. And Intel's business health continues to have a strong dependence on Microsoft's business, which has to make the chip firm a little wary of taking the software company (or its customers) to court.   Peter Bright Peter is Technology Editor at Ars. He covers Microsoft, programming and software development, Web technology and browsers, and security. He is based in Brooklyn, NY. Email peter.bright@arstechnica.com // Twitter @drpizza reader comments 165 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks ENTERPRISE & IT WEARABLES Home> Memory Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Computex 2017 Intel GPUs CPUs Mobile AMD Smartphones Motherboards Storage Home> Memory DRAM and Motherboard Makers Demonstrate Quad-Channel DDR4-4000+ Operation by Anton Shilov on June 9, 2017 2:00 PM EST Posted in Memory G.Skill Corsair MSI Gigabyte ASRock Asus DDR4 DRAM Computex 2017 X299 Skylake-X 12 Comments | Add A Comment 12 Comments + Add A Comment Over the course of Computex, manufacturers of memory modules and motherboards alike took to the show to showcase the latest developments in high-speed quad-channel memory configurations. Powered by Intel’s new Skylake-X CPUs, manufacturers have been able to get quad-channel data transfer rates running at 4000 MT/s and higher. This increased memory bandwidth should, in turn, help Intel’s new Core i7 and i9 processors offer significantly higher performance than predecessors in applications that heavily rely on memory transactions. Quad-channel memory sub-systems on Intel’s high-end desktop processors have always provided vast amounts of memory bandwidth to multi-core CPUs, even without running DRAM at high data rates. A 256-bit memory sub-system using DDR4-2400 modules has a throughput of 76.8 GB/s. To match it, a 128-bit (dual-channel) memory sub-system would have to use two DDR4-4800 modules. Meanwhile since quad-channel memory by definition provides loads of bandwidth, and due to stability/reliability concerns, Intel opted not to chase high data rates on their first-gen DDR4 controllers found in the Haswell-E and Broadwell-E CPUs, which is why such processors barely supported DDR4-3200+ memory. With the Skylake CPUs for consumers however, Intel introduced its second-gen DDR4 controller that could handle high data rates and several DRAM module makers quickly rolled out DDR4-4000+ DIMMs for enthusiasts. That controller has evolved with the Kaby Lake generation and ended up in Intel’s Skylake-X processors, enabling Intel’s X299 HEDT platform to support DDR4 modules at well-beyond JEDEC-specified data rates. Fittingly, at Computex, motherboard and memory manufacturers demonstrated how well their high-end X299 platforms and DDR4 DIMMs can work together at high-speeds in quad-channel mode. Starting things off, G.Skill displayed eight of its Trident Z RGB 8 GB DDR4 modules running in quad-channel mode with a Skylake-X CPU on the ASUS Prime X299 Deluxe at 4200 MT/s with CL19 21-21-41 timings. The CPU was cooled down using a custom liquid cooling system and the PC worked for hours during the show. The company also showcased its modules running at 4000 MT/s, 4400 MT/s and 4500 MT/s in dual-channel mode on Intel X299-based motherboards from ASRock and GIGABYTE, which is an important news for those planning to use Intel's Kaby Lake-X processors. Meanwhile GIGABYTE demonstrated its X299 AORUS Gaming 7 running 128 GB of Corsair Vengeance RGB DDR4 memory at DDR4-4133 with CL19 19-19-39 latency settings. The setup was based on the Core i7-7900X (10C/20T) processor operating at 4426 MHz under an LCS, and was running for hours in Gigabyte's air conditioned suite in the Taipei 101. Corsair itself was a little more conservative than GIGABYTE. In its suite, the company displayed an Intel Core i7-7800X (Skylake-X, 6C/12T) and ASUS Prime X299-Deluxe-based system running 128 GB of its Vengeance RGB memory in quad-channel mode at 3800 MT/s. The CPU was cooled down using Corsair's Hydro H110i AIO LCS, so nothing too extreme. In addition, the company showcased two of its Vengeance RGB DIMMs running in dual-channel mode at 4600 MT/s on a system featuring Intel's Core i7-7740X (Kaby Lake-X, 4C/8T) and ASUS' ROG Rampage VI Apex motherboard. Again, the CPU used the Hydro H110i AIO LCS and the room temperature was normal. Obviously, demonstrations of overclocked systems do not necessarily reflect the formal plans of companies like G.Skill or Corsair when it comes to the Intel X299 platform in general, and for the Intel Skylake X processors in particular. Demonstrations of DDR4-4000+ on Intel X299 Platforms at Computex 2017 Modules Motherboard Channels Data rate Latency Kit Capacity Kit Config. G.Skill Trident Z RGB ASUS Prime X299 Deluxe 4 4200 MT/s CL19 21-21-41 64 GB 8x8GB ASRock X299 OC Formula 2 4000 MT/s CL17 18-18-38 32 GB 2x16GB GIGABYTE X299-SOC Champion 4400 MT/s CL19 19-19-39 16 GB 2x8GB ASUS ROG Rampage VI Apex 4500 MT/s 16 GB Corsair Vengeance RGB GIGABYTE X299 AORUS Gaming 7 4 4133 MT/s 128 GB 8x16GB ASUS Prime X299 Deluxe 3800 MT/s   ASUS ROG Rampage VI Apex 2 4600 MT/s CL19 23-23-46 16 GB 2x8GB What we do understand today is that the Skylake-X can handle DDR4-4133 and DDR4-4200 speeds in quad-channel mode, whereas the Kaby Lake-X CPUs can go even north from that and hit something like DDR4-4500~4600 in dual-channel mode. In fact, Taiwanese overclocker Toppc has managed to push a single 8 GB G.Skill Trident Z RGB module to 5500 MT/s on MSI’s X299 Gaming Pro Carbon AC (MS-7A95) using Intel’s Core i7-7740K CPU under liquid nitrogen, which proves that DDR4 is gaining overclocking potential as memory controllers get better as well. Related Reading: G.Skill Announces 16 GB DDR4-4333 Memory Kit for Intel Kaby Lake CPUs G.Skill Announces Trident Z RGB DDR4 Kits with 16 GB Modules, Up to 128 GB Corsair Vengeance RGB DDR4 Memory Modules with LEDs Now on Sale Corsair Unveils Vengeance LED Modules: DDR4 Gets Lighting, 4333 MT/s Data-Rate Intel Announces Skylake-X: Bringing 18-Core HCC Silicon to Consumers for $1999 Intel Announces Basin Falls: The New High-End Desktop Platform and X299 Chipset Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 12 Comments View All Comments Gothmoth - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link well if intel would give me more than 28 pci lanes in a 500+ euro CPU i maybe would be interested.... Reply JoeyJoJo123 - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link HOW DARE YOU BADMOUTH INTEL. You're paying for the PRIVILEGE of using 28 lanes. If you want 40 lanes you must deposit addition shekels. Reply Samus - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link I'm more curious what 4 channels at 4000MHz even means to raw performance. Historically more than dual channel just hasn't mattered except to very, very specific scenarios where memory subsystem throughout has an effect on the application. X58 demonstrated even triple channel DDR3 1333mhz was overkill (at the time) which is why it was abandoned for years until finally resurfacing in the HEDT market as quad channel, which was also mostly unnecessary (the IPC improvement from Nehalem to Sandy Bridge was pretty mild, something like 9% on average) Either way, it's cool to see, but just entirely unnecessary for 90% of the people who are probably going to adopt it... Reply Cygni - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link Knowing what we know about PCI-Ex bandwidth and graphics cards (namely that 16x v 8x doesn't seem to make much if any difference at PCI-Ex 3.0 speeds), as well as the falling utility of Crossfire/SLI in the first place, I don't think it really matters to most gamers. And considering gamers are absolutely the target market for the 7800X and 7820X, it seems like people are making the lanes argument more because they want to whine about something than it being an actual issue for consumers. In an extreme workstation or deep learning environments with 40GbE or Intelliband cards, multiple GPUs, etc... sure! But if you are dropping $500 on NICs and thousands on RAM/GPUs, are you really going to use a 7800X and 7820X? Reply JoeyJoJo123 - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link It's more of argument out of principle. All of AMD's HEDT offerings (Threadripper) have identical cache sizes, feature sets, and amount of lanes (64), from lowest end offering to highest end offering. What you pay for is more cores and/or Ghz. That's it. It's a very straightforward approach. So yeah, with the lowest end Threadripper you get 64 lanes, same amount of cache as the 16-core Threadripper flagship, etc. Intel however fractures their X299 platform (in usual fashion, trying to force users who want a specific feature to have to pay up to a more expensive model) with some being able to do 16 lanes, some do 24 lanes, some do 40+4 lanes. Some have an integrated GPU and can't use it, other have none. Some do dual channel, some do quad channel, some have 4 dimm slots, others have 8 dimm slots. Cache sizes vary wildly from lowest end to highest end. People are tired of the marketing shenanigans. It's not costing them anything to enable a defacto 40+4 PCI-e lanes across the product stack. Any accusations of cannibalizing their product stack is rendered moot because by charging $500 for a quad-core with 16 PCI-e lanes, you get a lot more from the AMD side. The complaints of PCI-e lanes aren't because most users will need more than that, but because people aren't wrong to expect the normal 40 PCI-E lanes for HEDT. This is the platform you should be able to assume that "I'm getting more of everything than I really need, so I'm somewhat futureproof.", except with something as minor as 16 PCI-e lanes, it's a joke. Reply Cygni - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link I understand people see this as a "morality" issue, that somehow Intel is cheating them by not offering a product they want at the price they want, but quite frankly thats business. Intel is a publicly traded company trying to extract as much money as they can from as many customers as they can, and AMD is doing the exact same thing. AMD thinks offering fully enabled chips will give them a better marketplace edge. They aren't doing it out of the goodness of their hearts. Remember they are the ones that gave us tri-core CPUs made of the exact same fully functional die as more expensive "premium" parts with one core software disabled. And is currently selling a range of chipsets on identical dies with disabled features for the low end. Forced segmentation may not be "consumer friendly", but lets be real... these are big companies chasing big profits, they will be as consumer unfriendly as they can get away with. Reply naris - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link Segmentation also helps to sell dies that are partially functional where something is broken in 1 of the cores or whatever.. Reply shabby - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link Unfortunately with competition heating up this segmentation might start hurting them. Reply naris - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link That's most likely why AMD's offerings are like that. To help compete against Intel they are offering more lanes, cache, features, etc... Reply Morawka - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link Yeah AMD actually Bin's for quality and the higher priced CPU's have the best Thermal/power characteristics. With Intel, The Best CPU's are Binned for the T series line or kept for notebook chips, and most of the lower quality (power wise) are shunted to the K Series CPU's (most expensive) because TDP and power doesn't really matter on a 94w cpu. With Intel, is very very hard to find golden chips in the K Series CPU's. Reply 1 2 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News AKiTiO Displays Thunderbolt 3 to 10GBase-T Adapter DRAM and Motherboard Makers Demonstrate Quad-Channel DDR4-4000+ Operation Seasonic Demos PRIME Fanless Titanium: 600 W, 12-Year Warranty, 80Plus Titanium Synaptics Discusses Fingerprint Security and the Need For End-to-End Encryption AMD Releases Radeon Software ReLive Crimson Edition 17.6.1: Improved Performance in Dirt 4 & Prey Cooler Master Shows Concept Coolers: Closed-Loop Heat Pipe and Flying Saucer Nixeus NX-EDG 27 27-inch Gaming Monitor: 1440p, 30-144Hz FreeSync Enermax Launches MaxTytan: 80 Plus Titanium, Up to 1250 W, Integrated Power Meter ASRock Demos X399 ‘ThreadRipper’ Motherboards: M.2, U.2, 10 GbE, & More Apple Refreshes iPad Pro Lineup: A10X Fusion SoC for 10.5-inch, 12.9-inch Models ASUS Unveils Three Strix Gaming Monitors: FreeSync & High Refresh Rates The HTC U11 Giveaway: Win a Launch-Day Smartphone TWEETS IanCutress: @cryengine1007 @SenJohnMcCain So I'm not allowed an opinion? I thought it was the left being ridiculed for restricting free speech... IanCutress: RT @CANDPatent: @IanCutress @SenJohnMcCain I think he's conflating the investigation into HRC private server use as SoS and the Russian hac… IanCutress: @CANDPatent @SenJohnMcCain I'm assuming he's doing it on purpose to save face? It's an easy thing to understand IanCutress: Is @SenJohnMcCain being dense on purpose? Does he not understand what two different investigations are? You can conclude one w/o the other IanCutress: Hey @CNN, the live app uses flash? really? RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte The UI was definitely doing 120Hz scrolling at times. 60Hz isn't un-smooth by any means, but 120Hz looks even better RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte To further elaborate, it does when the performance is there and you're not running framerate-locked conte… https://t.co/yNUBvsXpx4 RyanSmithAT: @MukiEX57 I honestly haven't heard anything, but that doesn't mean they're not out there RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte Apple PMs have been good. When they don't know something they tend to tell us, rather than presume/guess. It's nice RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte And this is why Tim Cook said dithering and not a native 10-bit panel in his keynote address ganeshts: A great update to PCMark from @Futuremark ; A few more tweaks could make it even more attractive! cc @mccallry https://t.co/lLqqNkkMxI ganeshts: @fivemack @BrettHowse @majornelson Also, cases where OS used to work on data can be same 'node' as file server (for… https://t.co/QcBy4I5RbV ganeshts: @fivemack @BrettHowse @majornelson Today's NAS CPUs are an overkill for simple file serving. Better to put those CP… https://t.co/LZzhoex4pA ganeshts: Is anyone contemplating a 7700K build going to use anything other than an SSD as a boot drive? https://t.co/cioSjAs6Y7 ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson QNAP has some unique well-developed features such as Virtualization Station (QEMU, made easy to use) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? We’ve updated our terms. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Tech News / Featured Tech News / Intel warns of legal action against those emulating x86, as Microsoft and Qualcomm seemingly plan to Intel warns of legal action against those emulating x86, as Microsoft and Qualcomm seemingly plan to Matthew Wilson 13 hours ago Featured Tech News, General Tech Over the last few months, we have been hearing more and more details surround Microsoft’s work with Qualcomm to bring Windows 10 to ARM CPUs. This all came to a head this month when it was announced that PCs running Windows 10 and the Snapdragon 835 SoC would be released this year. Now, it seems Intel is keeping an eye out, as it becomes increasingly worried about x86 emulators infringing on its own patents. Intel launched the first x86 processor 40 years ago, an anniversary that was celebrated in a recent company blog post. However, the blog also contained a strong warning against those looking to emulate x86 on other processors. The timing here tells us quite a bit, as this warning came almost immediately after Microsoft, Qualcomm and several OEMs announced plans for Windows 10 devices running on Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 835 ARM processor. Intel did not name any companies specifically, but it did send a reminder to companies trying to emulate x86 that it would enforce its patents, as it has done in the past. Intel currently has 1,600 patents relating to its dynamic x86 ISA and makes an effort to not widely license others to use them. “Intel carefully protects its x86 innovations, and we do not widely license others to use them. Over the past 30 years, Intel has vigilantly enforced its intellectual property rights against infringement by third-party microprocessors”, the post reads. Intel then goes on to add that “there have been reports that some companies may try to emulate Intel’s proprietary x86 ISA without Intel’s authorization”. The company then promptly points out that the last company to do this was Transmeta, with resulted in a rather large legal dispute. This reminder is a clear warning against x86 emulation but with all that aside, Intel still says it “welcomes lawful competition” and “fully expects” companies to keep Intel’s IP in mind in the future. KitGuru Says: While there is no patent war just yet, Intel is clearly ready to make some moves should Microsoft/Qualcomm begin emulating x86 to get Windows running properly on Snapdragon SoCs. It will be interesting to see how this situation evolves over the next few months.  Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags arm Emulation Intel news qualcomm x86 Previous Nintendo Switch gets special edition Metroidvania title, Axiom Verge Next OnePlus 5 first official image revealed, will pack 8GB of RAM and Snapdragon 835 Check Also Project Scorpio devs now have 9GB of GDDR5 RAM to play with While much of Project Scorpio has been finalised for some time now, including the hardware … Decends Intel can go f*** itself at this point. They have become greedy c***s that want a monopoly so they can keep lining their pockets while they bend us consumers over and f*** us in the a** with their prices. Paul Intel has every right to protect their copyrights…. I just also feel they better be very careful, because patents have busted down on the whole “can’t patent ideas” mindset, and it could backfire really REALLY badly for them. Seriously if M$ has found a way to do x86 without Intel’s architecture, but Intel feels they are being breached as a result, they could and might actually lose. If M$ did infact copy it (as seen with Zenimax and Oculus) even 1 line of code is enough to win the case….. Alex Ray ah, more intel patent trolling. guess its more profitable then releasing superior products at a reasonable price. Lelisevis lol you picked a hell of a day to come out of that coma, it’s OK don’t worry that’s all behind us….we have competition now. Use Google and look up Ryzen and Thread Ripper. You don’t have to give Intel a penny unless you chose to. A Great Joke I had some conversations with two people who were trying to build a new PC. I suppose both of them has the cash to go for a high end gaming PC but neither wants Ryzen because it doesn’t compete well with higher end Intel CPU’s Rishav Kumar umm…..well, what MS & QUALCOMM are using is a completely software based emulation. Polls How much memory on your next gaming rig? Under 8GB 8GB 16GB 32GB Over 32GB View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
My Account | Sign Out Amazon Shop Amazon photos Contact RSS PDA Other Writings Advertising PJ Media « RON RADOSH: Is Trump About to Reverse Obama’s Cuba Policy?… PHILIP KLEIN: Not all leaks are created equal, but what James Comey did was still a leak…. » June 9, 2017 UM, ALL OF US? Congress Getting Pissed Off Over Failure Of Intel Community To Reveal How Many Americans Are Being Spied On. Flashback: Ex-intel contractor sues Comey, alleging FBI covered up mass civil liberties violations. “A former U.S. intelligence contractor tells Circa he walked out with more than 600 million highly classified documents on 47 hard drives from the National Security Agency’s archives. It was a breach potentially larger than Edward Snowden’s, and now he is suing fired FBI Director James Comey and other current and ex-government officials, alleging the bureau has covered up evidence he claims he provided them showing widespread illegal spying on Americans. . . . Montgomery divulged to the FBI a ‘pattern and practice of conducting illegal, unconstitutional surveillance against millions of Americans, including prominent Americans such as the chief justice of the U.S. Supreme Court, other justices, 156 judges, prominent businessmen, and others such as Donald J. Trump, as well as Plaintiffs themselves,’ Montgomery and Klayman alleged in their suit.” Double Flashback: Maxine Waters: ‘Obama Has Put In Place’ Secret Database With ‘Everything On Everyone.’ (Bumped). Tweet   Posted by Glenn Reynolds at 2:00 pm Search Instapundit Link to Instapundit Archives Recommended Six: The Movie Becker-Posner Blog BlackProf Books for Kids Blog Cliopatria Deceiver.com Dr. Helen InstaPundit Store! My TCS Columns Of Arms & the Law PJ Media Strategy Page The Tatler WiFi Net News Big Journalism ALDaily Anchoress Andrew Malcolm Barone Blog Best of the Web Biased BBC BlogCritics Bluey Blog Brain Terminal Breitbart.com Chris Anderson Cox and Forkum Daily Howler Dan Gillmor Dave Barry David Corn David Frum Day By Day DefenseTech Don Surber Drudge Report Electrolite Ernie the Attorney Flit Fraters Libertas Gary Farber Gateway Pundit Gene Expression Hit and Run Howard Kurtz Hugh Hewitt Indian Country Inside Higher Ed. Jennifer Rubin Jim Geraghty Josh Marshall Jules Crittenden Jurist JWR Kausfiles Kevin Drum Larry Kudlow Mark Steyn Martin Peretz MediaBistro Michael Silence Michelle Malkin Neal Boortz PoliticalWire RealClearPolitics Red State Rich Galen SciTech Daily Scott Rosenberg SlashDot Slate.com Tapped TCS Daily That Liberal Media The Corner The Note TownHall.com Virginia Postrel Walter Shapiro Pure Bloggers Alphecca Andrea See Andrew Olmsted Ann Althouse Baldilocks Baseball Crank Bigwig Bill Peschel Bill Quick Bill Whittle BitchGirls Bjorn Staerk Blackfive Blogosferics Blogs of War Brad DeLong Brian Carnell Brian Linse Brothers Judd Burchismo Capt. Ed Charles Austin Charles Murtaugh ChicagoBoyz Clayton Cramer Colby Cosh Cold Fury Cori Dauber Correspondence Committee Cranky Professor Critical Mass Crooked Timber Damian Penny Daniel Drezner Dave Kopel Dave Winer David Pinto Dean Esmay Deinonychus Denise Howell Derek Lowe Diana Hsieh Discriminations Doc Searls Donald Luskin Donald Sensing DPM Dr. Frank Dr. Weevil Ed Cone Ed Driscoll Edward Boyd Eric Muller Eric S. Raymond Eve Tushnet Fight Aging! FuturePundit Geek Press Gut Rumbles HaightSpeech Heather Havrilesky Howard Bashman Howard Owens Howard Veit IMAO InkWell InstaLawyer Iraq the Model Jack Balkin James Lileks Jason Kottke Jay Manifold Jeff Goldstein Jeff Jarvis Jerry Pournelle Jessica’s Well Jim Henley Jim Miller Jim Treacher Joanne Jacobs John Cole John Ellis John Scalzi John Weidner Joshua Claybourn Kate Kathy Kinsley Katie Granju Kesher Talk Kevin Holtsberry Kitchen Cabinet La Shawn Barber Larry Lessig Laurence Simon Listen Missy Lynne Kiesling Mark Byron Martin Devon Master of None Matt Welch Matthew Hoy MCJ Megan McArdle Meryl Yourish Michael Totten Mike Silverman Milt Rosenberg MinuteMan (Maguire) Misha Mitch Berg Moira Breen Mudville Gazette N.Z. Bear NanoDot Natalie Solent Nick Denton No Watermelons Obscure Store Photon Courier Power Line Professor Bainbridge Rabbit Blog Rand Simberg Rantburg RealClearPolitics Rebecca Blood RedState Reid Stott Rich Hailey Right Wing News Robert Musil Robin Roberts Roger L. Simon Samizdata SCSU Scholars Silent Running Sissy Willis Skippy Spoons Stefan Sharkansky Stephen Green Steven Den Beste Stuart Buck Suman Palit TalkLeft The Agitator The Fat Guy The Homeless Guy The Volokh Conspiracy Tim Blair Ublog Walter Olson Will Warren William Hobbs Winds of Change Yuppies of Zion Zeyad About FAQ Podcasts Terms of Use Powered by WordPress | Design by Sekimori | Instapundit & Instapundit.com Reg. U.S. Pat. & Tm. Off. | VIEW MOBILE SITE
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Apple, other big tech stocks collapse into Friday's close >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Gets the Nod From Apple Inc. (AAPL) Apple's most powerful Mac ever was equipped with AMD’s new Radeon Pro Vega graphics card By Brad Moon, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Jun 9, 2017, 10:47 am EDT Get AAPL alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: WWDC 2017: Apple Inc. (AAPL) Unveils HomePod and a Ton of “Pros” Amazon Reportedly Back in the Smartphone Game With “Ice” The 10 Biggest Apple Inc. (AAPL) WWDC Announcements Ever Recent Posts: Apple Inc. (AAPL) Makes HomeKit Easier for Third Parties, But at a Cost The 10 Biggest E3 New Video Game Announcements Ever Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Gets the Nod From Apple Inc. (AAPL) View All Posts Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) is pushing hard in 2017 to win market share from the current graphic card industry leader, Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA). And Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) just helped it out in a big way. Source: Apple The company is rolling out new GPUs based on its powerful Vega architecture, looking to break Nvidia’s dominance in the PC market. Despite Nvidia announcing Mac drivers for its own new series of graphics cards, Apple chose AMD Radeon cards to provide the graphics firepower for its new iMac computers. And the high-profile new iMac Pro will sport the all-new AMD Radeon Pro Vega graphics card when it launches in December. Apple Equips iMac Lineup With AMD Radeon Apple’s commitment to its Mac computer business — and especially to its creative professional users — has been under question. So when the company unveiled all-new iMac configurations early this week, all eyes were on the components. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) provided its latest 7th generation Core processors for iMac, as the critical reception for AMD’s Ryzen CPUs were unable to budge Intel there. However, Apple chose AMD Radeon GPUs to power its 4K and 5K Retina iMac. In the previous generation, the entry-level model and base 4K iMacs made do with Intel integrated graphics. Now only that base model still uses Intel, and virtually all iMacs have AMD Radeon graphics cards. Apple is pushing the iMac to be a more capable desktop PC, able to edit 3D graphics, and for the first time, take advantage of virtual reality software. Choosing Advanced Micro Devices across the board to meet that goal sends a message. iMac Pro Gets the Latest AMD Radeon Pro Vega The real prize for AMD — at least in terms of bragging rights — was landing the new iMac Pro. This is the most powerful computer Apple has ever offered. It’s in the spotlight not just because of its hefty $4,999 starting price, but also because it’s the computer Apple promised its professional users it would release. An iMac with the horsepower to do whatever they need, from running multiple 5K external monitors to compiling 4K video and editing VR content. There is a lot at stake here, including Apple’s reputation among creative professionals. Nvidia made overtures to that crowd a few months ago, announcing Mac drivers for its new Titan Xp — at the time of its release, considered to be the world’s most powerful graphics card. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/advanced-micro-devices-inc-amd-gets-the-nod-from-apple-inc-aapl/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 5 Techs That Just Got Shredded 7 Stocks to Buy in the Hottest Industry 7 Best Buffett Dividend Stocks for Retirement 7 Energy Stocks to Survive an Oil Beating 3 Chinese Solar Stocks With Stellar Long-Term Potential Tech Bubble? What About the China Bubble? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 5 Tech Stocks That Just Got Shredded by Goldman’s Bubble Call 7 Stocks to Buy in Wall Street’s Hottest Industry 7 Energy Stocks to Buy to Survive an Oil Beating Warren Buffett’s 7 Best Dividend Stocks for Retirement Tech Bubble? What About the China Bubble? Most Popular 7 Stocks With More Upside Than Alphabet 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 7 Vanguard Funds to Build an All-Weather Portfolio 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy Test Drive Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock for the Long-Term! Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Will Reward Your Patience Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 10, 2:22 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology iPhone 8 Rumors: 10th Anniversary Phone Might Not Support Faster Gigabit Speeds Due To Qualcomm Dispute By Ken Manbert Salcedo On 06/09/17 AT 1:14 PM Close A new report claims owners of the iPhone 8, which is expected to have a September release date, won’t be able to take advantage of faster data speeds. The reason as to why this could happen is due to Apple’s heated legal dispute with Qualcomm. Carriers in the United States like AT&T, Sprint and Verizon are all expected to introduce a new generation of wireless data later this year, which can deliver speeds as high as a gigabit per second, according to 9To5Mac. This would be around 50 times faster than what's currently available today. Qualcomm, one of Apple’s manufacturers of modems for its iPhones, already offers a modem that can support the new gigabit speed. But due to the two companies already butting heads in legal quandary, Apple has decided to use a mix of modems form both Qualcomm and Intel for the iPhone 8, according to Bloomberg. Apple's iPhone 8 might not support 1 gigabit network speed at launch. Photo: REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson “Cupertino, California-based Apple is embroiled in a bitter legal fight with the chipmaker, accusing the supplier of maintaining an illegal monopoly, and it’s seeking to loosen Qualcomm’s grip on the market for high-end smartphone modems. That’s why Apple will stick with Qualcomm modems for some of its new iPhones while relying on Intel for others.” — Bloomberg Intel is still developing its own modem that can be capable of 1 gigabit speeds. However, Intel’s modem won’t actually be ready for the iPhone 8’s launch. The iPhone 8 is widely believed to launch later this September, and might be available sometime in October. Bloomberg’s source claims Apple might have to limit the capabilities of Qualcomm’s modems that’s in the iPhone 8. Apple might only enable its full capabilities once Intel has developed its own modem that can do the same. Bloomberg’s report also notes Apple is generally slow when it comes to adopting faster wireless data standard. When the first iPhone launched in 2007, it didn’t come with 3G network support and instead, arrive with GPRS and EDGE cellular capabilities. Apple was also late in the game with 4G LTE, only adopting the standard for its 2012 iPhones when Samsung already supported it a year earlier. For this year, it looks like Apple will once again be behind Samsung, as the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus are already equipped with Qualcomm’s modems that can handle the 1 gigabit network speed standard. If having the best and latest network speeds is a big deal to consumers, some Apple fans might have to completely skip the iPhone 8. However, Apple already has a very loyal following, and with the rumors surrounding the iPhone 8, the upcoming handset’s new set of features might just be enough to win them over anyway. The Legal Battle Continues Apple and Qualcomm’s dispute began back in January when Apple sued Qualcomm for $1 billion. The iPhone maker claimed Qualcomm was forcing them to pay unreasonably high fees for its chips.  Apple has now filed a total of three lawsuits against the chip maker, while Qualcomm has already countersued Apple. Qualcomm has also accused Apple of blackmail by instructing its suppliers to withhold royalty payments, and is also allegedly trying to ban the import of iPhones in the United States. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Apple Might Have To Stop Importing iPhones Into US, Report Says Apple-Qualcomm Feud: Apple Withholds Royalty Payments, Qualcomm Stock Price Drops Recommended Business There's Another Paris Agreement The US Is No Longer A Part Of Washington refused to sign a multilateral accord to clamp down on the use of tax havens and “treaty shopping” by companies that operate outside their home countries. Technology The Human Race Actually Started Much Earlier Than Believed New studies push back the origins of our species considerably. World Archaeological Site At Eton College Is Really A Medieval Grave An archaeological site near a prestigious boarding school that English royals have attended, and in the same town where The Office was set, is actually a medieval grave for an important person. That makes it awkward that Eton College students historically used it for their weird rituals. National Trump Willing To Testify Against James Comey Under Oath President Donald Trump denied allegations that he asked Ex-FBI chief James Comey to drop the investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's alleged ties with Russia. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search The iPhone 8 could sacrifice gigabit LTE Chris Davies - Jun 9, 2017 2 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Apple’s legal spat with Qualcomm might seem like background noise easily tuned out by iPhone users, but it could have a big impact on how well the iPhone 8 performs. The two companies are currently embroiled in a patent argument over cellular radio standards, with Apple threatening to withhold royalty payments that it claims are extortionate. Now, the new iPhone might end up less capable on next-generation networks as a result. The problem is gigabit LTE, cellular wireless that can deliver 1 gigabit per second download rates. That requires both a gigabit LTE-capable modem in the device, and a network with support for the new standard. It’s something the big US carriers are looking to roll out as they hunt faster data speeds, not to mention networks internationally, but the iPhone 8 may not work with them. As with previous iPhone models, Apple’s plan is to use modem chipsets from multiple suppliers. Qualcomm is one of those, and indeed the company already has a gigabit LTE compatible radio: the Qualcomm X16 is already inside devices like Samsung’s Galaxy S8. However, it also plans to use Intel’s modems too, both hedging its supply chain bets by avoiding reliance on a sole supplier, as well as keeping courtroom rival Qualcomm at relative arm’s length. Intel, though, doesn’t have a modem capable of gigabit LTE. While there’s one on the way, it’s not expected to be ready in time for the new iPhone. And according to sources speaking to Bloomberg, Apple isn’t willing to let some of 2017’s iPhones have a feature while others don’t. As a result, it reportedly plans to disable gigabit LTE on iPhones with Qualcomm modems, so that they don’t have a speed advantage over versions with Intel modems. That makes some sense in terms of minimizing potential consumer confusion, but doesn’t fit in well with the roadmaps of carriers hoping to use flagship smartphones to pitch their upgraded networks this year. All the same, it’s not going to go down well with iPhone buyers wanting the latest in cutting-edge features. Apple, Intel, and Qualcomm all declined to comment on the report, and it’s possible that Apple could eventually decide differently, but for the moment if it wants to mix modem suppliers it could come at the cost of gigabit LTE for all. One possibility is that Apple could pitch gigabit LTE as a premium feature on a single variant of this year’s updated iPhone range. While the company is expected to revamp the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, making them the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus, it’s also tipped to unveil an “iPhone 8” or “iPhone Anniversary Edition” which will shake things up considerably. In addition to an OLED screen, different industrial design, and a Touch ID fingerprint sensor built into the display itself – and in the process doing away with the separate home button – such a phone could also add the fastest LTE to its spec sheet. Story Timeline The iPhone 8's Touch ID will be right in the OLED report claims Latest iPhone 8 leaked schematics show no fingerprint sensor iPhone 8 VS 7: the big size change Apple’s roadmap allegedly leaked: iPhone 8, Glasses, 2018 MacBook, more A giant new first for iPhone 8 Tags 4GAppleInteliPhoneiphone 8leakLTEmodemQualcommrumor Must Read Bits & Bytes The iPhone 8 could sacrifice gigabit LTE 2018 Volvo XC60 First Drive: The best Swedish all-rounder since ABBA Pokemon GO FEST event has Niantic’s biggest update ever Google Pixel 2 and the detail war with iPhone 8 E3 2017 Schedule: Press conferences for Nintendo, Microsoft, and more Latest Headlines Coolpad Defiant budget phone arrives at T-Mobile next week Jun 9, 2017 Leica M Monochrom ‘Jim Marshall Set’ is limited to 50 units Jun 9, 2017 Researchers develop fabric that can neutralize chemical weapons Jun 9, 2017 Stranger Things soundtrack will arrive soon…on cassette tape Jun 9, 2017 Honda is the new torch bearer for the mass-market stickshift Jun 9, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio Review: Nothing exceeds like excess Jun 6, 2017 Vizio SmartCast M65-D1 Review Jun 5, 2017 HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Site Information About / Advertise / Tip Us / Contact Policies Ethics Statement / Privacy Policy / Terms of Use © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Forget NVIDIA Corporation: Here's 1 Better Dividend Stock Though NVIDIA enjoys the better growth story, there's a semiconductor giant that's the better income investment today. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Jun 9, 2017 at 12:09PM The emergence of trends such as the Internet of Things, artificial intelligence, and self-driving cars continues to shift the balance of power in the semiconductor industry. And those changes are creating opportunities for shrewd (and Foolish) investors to profit. In that regard, graphics-chip specialist NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) has emerged as a leader for the next generation of chipmakers, while Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) is among the longtime market stalwarts to have struggled to keep pace with fast-growing challengers. INTC data by YCharts However, though its growth has lagged far behind NVIDIA's, Intel still outshines its rival in one critical respect: its dividend. Here's why Intel eats NVIDIA's lunch as a dividend stock. Intel's dominant dividends In terms of its current yield, its dividend track record, and the growth of its cash payouts, Intel may be the best dividend stock in the semiconductor industry. Here's a visual look at the differences between Intel and NVIDIA: INTC Dividends Paid (TTM) data by YCharts This argument once wasn't so one-sided. In the years immediately after initiating its dividend, NVIDIA hovered around the 2% range with its payout. However, as its stock price has exploded, its yield has plummeted. The benefits still outweigh the negatives for NVIDIA shareholders, though the change does open the door for Intel as the go-to income investment in the space. Intel yields 2.8% on a trailing 12-month basis and 3% on a forward basis; the company increased its quarterly dividend per share by roughly 5%, from $0.26 to $0.27,  during its most recent earnings report. Equally important, the company pays out only 45% of its current profit as dividends, giving Intel plenty of flexibility to increase its payouts, even if earnings growth is tepid. The biggest differentiator, however, is tenure. Intel instituted its dividend program in September 1992  and has grown its payout ever since, from $0.014 per share in 1994 -- the first year it paid on a traditional quarterly dividend schedule -- to $1.04 last year. That's a 20.5% dividend growth  rate. NVIDIA, with its six-year dividend history,  can't hold a candle to Intel here. Image source: Getty Images. Who else? Still, other semiconductor producers deserve to be considered as the sector's top dividend stock. The most obvious candidate is mobile-chip giant Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM). Qualcomm yields a tantalizing 3.6%,  far better than Intel or NVIDIA. And it, like Intel, has already raised its dividend this year, up 7.5%, from $0.53 to $0.57. That translates to a 3.9% forward yield.  However, Qualcomm faces its own issues that give me pause about recommending its shares. The company's business model, which largely relies on licensing Qualcomm's sizable patent portfolio to smartphone and tablet makers, is coming under increasing legal pressure from regulators and companies around the world. If Qualcomm survives the judicial onslaught, the company will have been an attractive buy in retrospect. However, investing in a company whose business model could be upended is unnecessarily risky. Not that Intel or NVIDIA are perfect investments, either. Intel needs to continue to diversify its revenue base into growing areas of the semiconductor market. Its recent bid to purchase autonomous-vehicle component producer Mobileye is a clear, albeit expensive,  step in the right direction -- but it needs to do more. For NVIDIA, its valuation prices in plenty of future growth, which seems achievable over the long term. However, its expensive stock price has lowered its yield, which decreases its attractiveness for income investors. In the end, Intel remains the best semiconductor investment on the market today. The company's potent mix of current yield and past track record make it a dependable dividend stock for those seeking to generate income from their portfolios. Andrew Tonner has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nvidia and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Jun 9, 2017 at 12:09PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $57.05 down $-1.07 (-1.84%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.71 down $0.77 (-2.11%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $149.60 down $-10.34 (-6.46%) Mobileye NYSE:MBLY $62.30 up $0.15 (0.24%) Read More The 3 Best PC Stocks to Buy in 2017 Intel Corporation Announces 2018 Server Chip Plans The 2 Best Dividend Stocks in Drones Intel Corporation: The Bear Case From a Bull Qualcomm Gets Double Teamed by Intel and Samsung Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Forget NVIDIA Corporation: Here's 1 Better Dividend Stock @themotleyfool #stocks $QCOM, $INTC, $NVDA, $MBLY
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts iFixit’s $300 kit lets you boost the RAM on Apple’s new 21.5-inch iMac to 32GB Christian Zibreg on June 9, 2017 0 Repair experts at iFixit have announced a DIY $300 upgrade kit for the new 21.5-inch iMac with 4K Retina display after finding user-replaceable RAM via a pair of removable SO-DIMM slots instead of the memory modules being soldered onto the logic board. The baseline 3.0GHZ Core i5 machine has 8GB of RAM, which can be maxed out to 16GB. Customers who need more RAM can opt to double the machine’s 8GB of RAM to 16GB of RAM for an additional $200 via Apple’s build-to-order options. However, only the $200 pricier system with Intel’s 3.4GHz Core i5 chip allows you to boost the RAM all the way up to 32GB but the build-to-order option adds a whopping $600 on top of the price of that system. Therefore, it makes a lot of sense from a financial standpoint to invest into a third-party DIY kit if all you need is more RAM, up to 32GB, on the baseline model. The iMac Intel 21.5″ Mid 2017 Max RAM Upgrade Kit includes the following: Two 32GB (2x16GB) DDR4-PC2400 2400MHz RAM modules Replacement Display Adhesive Strips iMac Opening Wheel iMac Service Wedge Plastic Cards Spudger Tweezers Phillips #00, T5, T8 and T10 Bits Driver Handle iFixit’s repair guide details the 63 steps required to replace the RAM. Although the machine features removable RAM sockets, the RAM is not meant to be user-replaceable because getting to the memory modules requires removing the back cover, the display, the logic board and other components. In other words, the procedure isn’t for the faint-hearted. Opening them machine involves cutting through adhesive that will need to be reapplied after you finish the repair. You’ll also need to remove the logic to remove or replace the RAM. From the iFixit team: This guide is marked “potentially dangerous” because it requires you to handle a power supply that contains large capacitors. Unplug the iMac and hold the power button down for at least 10 seconds to help discharge the capacitors. Handle the board by the edges and do not touch surface components. iFixit also noted that the machine’s Kaby Lake processor sits in a standard LGA 1151 CPU socket rather than being soldered onto the logic board. “For the first time in years it’s possible to replace or upgrade the CPU without a reflow station, and that’s a big win,” wrote iFixit. Considering that the baseline iMac provides options for 8GB or 16GB of RAM, but not 32GB, this is currently the only way to bring the machine up to the higher capacity. Tagged: Apple iFixit iMac News RAM Upgrade MORE FROM iDB Apple’s new 21.5″ iMac with 4K Retina screen has user replaceable RAM and modular CPU New iMacs could sport Xeon E3 chips, ECC RAM, Thunderbolt 3/USB-C, new keyboard & more Video: Top 6 WWDC 2017 announcements Featured Latest The best cases for Apple’s new 10.5-inch iPad Pro Daily Deals: $40 Sony Dual Shock 4 gamepad, $400 off Sony 4K TV, and more The 13 features in iOS 11 borrowed from the jailbreak community Meet HomePod, the new Apple speaker iOS 11 adds new dock, drag and drop and other iPad productivity features The best cases for Apple’s new 10.5-inch iPad Pro Get these 3 extra long MFi Lightning cables for $17 iOS 11 can have iPhone automatically answer incoming calls on your behalf Daily Deals: $40 Sony Dual Shock 4 gamepad, $400 off Sony 4K TV, and more Apple now allowing developers to implement digital tip jars via In-App Purchase mechanism Jailbreak News Add powerful Spotify features to the Now Playing interface with Apace SkipME provides useful auto-skipping features for your music LastLocked puts the last time your device was locked on the Lock screen extra_recipe updated with support for more devices and firmwares Safari Plus brings powerful customization options to Safari Apps Apple now allowing developers to implement digital tip jars via In-App Purchase mechanism Apple’s free app of the week: Framed FunAppocalypse simulates the iPhone apocalypse in the skit from Apple’s WWDC keynote Apple honors select app developers in its 2017 Design Awards watchOS 4 lets you replace Apple Watch’s honeycomb app grid with scrollable list view Accessories The best cases for Apple’s new 10.5-inch iPad Pro HomeKit gains easier setup with NFC/QR Codes, improved latency, support for sprinklers/faucets & more iOS 11 lets AirPods owners skip forwards and backwards between tracks with a double tap Meet HomePod, the new Apple speaker Apple releases wireless Magic Keyboard with Numeric Keypad Podcasts Video: hands-on with Apple’s overhauled Podcasts app on iOS 11 Deals AirFresh S10D Air Purifier for $109 Sprinkl Conserve Smart Irrigation System for $79 Search Engine Optimization Certification Training Bundle for $29 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Sat 10 Jun companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features the zuma era #dontlookaway icc champions trophy trump's america durban tourism indaba NEWS POLITICS business business report personal finance SPORT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE MOTORING TRAVEL Multimedia NEWSPAPERS Classifieds Cape Community About IOL international International All Business Report Companies | Economy | Energy | Markets Markets Shares Currencies Commodities Market Indicators | Entrepreneurs | Technology | Careers | International | Opinion | Financial Tools | About Us | Contact Us | Advertisement Apple's new iPhones to miss out on higher-speed data links International | 9 June 2017, 3:05pm Ian King, Scott Moritz and Mark Gurman San Francisco - Verizon, AT&T and the rest of the US wireless industry have a big boast for this year’s crop of smartphones, thanks to network upgrades, devices will be able to download as much as a gigabit of data in a single second speeds 100 times faster than before. But that won’t be the case for Apple’s newest iPhones, devices to go on sale later this year, leaving the company’s most important product potentially lagging behind the data performance of rival smartphones. Tell a friend File image The reason stems from the delicate and sometimes complicated way Apple manages the supply of the components embedded in its flagship device in this case, the modems, which handle the connection between a phone and the cellular network. One of Apple’s suppliers, Qualcomm, sells a modem capable of the 1 gigabit download speeds. Another supplier, Intel, is working on a modem with the same capability, but it won’t be ready for the iPhone’s introduction, according to people familiar with Apple’s decision. Read also: Apple launches 'Do Not Disturb While Driving'  Apple could in theory just use Qualcomm’s chips, but it has an aversion to being dependent on a single supplier, and its relationship with San Diego-based Qualcomm is particularly thorny. Cupertino, California-based Apple is embroiled in a bitter legal fight with the chipmaker, accusing the supplier of maintaining an illegal monopoly, and it’s seeking to loosen Qualcomm’s grip on the market for high-end smartphone modems. That’s why Apple will stick with Qualcomm modems for some of its new iPhones while relying on Intel for others. Until Intel is able to offer its chips with matching features, Apple won’t enable some of capabilities of the phones running with Qualcomm modems, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the plan isn’t public. Apple, Qualcomm and Intel declined to comment. Apple’s decision clashes with the marketing plans of a cellular industry desperate to show off faster network speeds to grab market share. The top US wireless carriers, Verizon AT&T, T-Mobile US and Sprint have declared 2017 the year of 1 gigabit speeds. Apple used two modem suppliers and the same technique to mask performance disparities for last year’s iPhone 7. But the rise of gigabit wireless networks could make the strategy more risky: iPhone users will have a unified experience, no matter what modem is inside the new device, but it could look even less speedy compared to newer gigabit-ready smartphones from other manufacturers. The carriers will be able to boast about 1 gigabit speeds if customers use other phones. Samsung Electronic’s Galaxy S8, the main rival to the next iPhones, has Qualcomm’s X16 LTE modem and will keep up with the top speeds of the major wireless networks. Sprint sells the gigabit-ready HTC U11 and will have a Motorola Gigabit LTE phone later this year. Apple’s decision to introduce new technology when it wants, rather than chase whatever the market dictates, isn’t new. The original iPhone launched in 2007 without support for 3G networks, and it was still wildly successful. It wasn’t until 2012 that the iPhone supported LTE technology that’s the basis of 4G networks a year after Samsung Electronics added that capability to its smartphones. Still, Apple is dealing with a market that’s crying out for innovation to revive growth. Last year, the company’s revenue from iPhones, which generates more than 60 percent of Apple’s $216 billion annual sales, fell for the first time. Smartphone total market growth was just 2.5 percent, breaking a run of double-digit annual surges, according to industry analyst IDC. Whether Apple’s decision will overshadow the company’s slick new design and features in the phone coming later this year, as well as its customer loyalty, remains to be seen. Achieving 1 gigabit data speeds requires almost lab-like optimal signal conditions that seldom occur in the real world. Nonetheless, the first carrier to claim such network capabilities will get bragging rights and an edge at selling the promise of instantaneous movie downloads and high-quality live video. It’s one area where service providers can’t afford to be seen as laggards. Luring Customers The carriers are already in a fierce price battle for subscribers. As the pool of new customers has declined, most of the user gains are coming at the expense of rivals. Sprint and T-Mobile have been taking customers from AT&T and Verizon by offering cheaper unlimited data at a time when video hungry users seek lower-cost plans to support their habits. The ability to advertise a service that’s 100-times faster may help carriers shifts consumer focus to network performance and away from cut-throat pricing. T-Mobile promised to have the first 1 gigabit data service available in the US this year and has already started making network upgrades, Chief Technology Officer Neville Ray said in February. AT&T has started 1 gigabit mobile service in Austin, Texas, and plans to expand to as many as 20 cities this year. Verizon will begin 5G trials in 11 markets this summer and plans to start mobile testing of 1 gigabit speeds in those cities. Sprint has been one of the most aggressive proponents of 1 gigabit mobile speeds, promising in December that it would offer the fastest service in the industry. Sprint said it will have at least three 1 gigabit capable phones available this year with the exception of iPhones. BLOOMBERG    Tell a friend Most Read 1 Why Qatar is being demonised 2 Heavily drugged teen sex slave's mom: 'I have been looking for her' 3 No food for Durban's police horses 4 Moody's downgrades South Africa 5 Boy starves to death while holding on to mother's corpse Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Intel makes not-so-subtle threat to Qualcomm and Microsoft over plans to emulate x86 tech for ARM chips 06/09/2017 at 10:30 AM by Brad Linder 11 Comments Microsoft plans to release a new version of Windows 10 that runs on devices with ARM-based chips from Qualcomm. Unlike earlier versions of Windows-on-ARM, the new operating system will include an emulation layer that lets you run Win32 apps, which means that millions of programs which couldn’t run on Windows RT (or Windows 10 Mobile, or even the new Windows 10 S) should be able to run on Windows 10 on ARM. Well, that’s the idea anyway. But Intel may plan to throw a wrench in the gears. Intel’s Steven Rodgers and Richard A Uhlig published a blog post this week that ostensibly celebrates the nearly 40 years of Intel’s x86 architecture by highlighting some of the advancements that ahve been made over the years. But toward the end of the article there’s a section called “Protecting x86 ISA Innovation” that seems to be a thinly-veiled threat. The gist of this section is that Intel protects its patents vigorously, and not only against rival chip designers, but also against those that attempt “to emulate Intel’s proprietary x86 ISA without Intel’s authorization.” I’m just going to block quote this next part, because it’s a very cleverly crafted bit of text that’s hard to read as anything other than a (thinly) veiled threat to sue Qualcomm and/or Microsoft if it turns out the company’s plans to emulate x86 on ARM appear to violate Intel’s intellectual property rights in any way: Emulation is not a new technology, and Transmeta was notably the last company to claim to have produced a compatible x86 processor using emulation (“code morphing”) techniques. Intel enforced patents relating to SIMD instruction set enhancements against Transmeta’s x86 implementation even though it used emulation. In any event, Transmeta was not commercially successful, and it exited the microprocessor business 10 years ago. Only time will tell if new attempts to emulate Intel’s x86 ISA will meet a different fate. Of course, it’s not really clear exactly how the emulation layer for Windows 10 on ARM works, because Qualcomm and Microsoft haven’t really said much about the underlying technology. All we know is that Microsoft says you’ll be able to run Win32 apps at near-native speeds while taking advantage of features of ARM-based chips like the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 for low power consumption, integrated 4G LTE connectivity, and instant-on functionality, among other things. At this point, Qualcomm’s fastest chips are only really competitive with Intel’s entry-level processors. But Intel is currently the top supplier of chips for Windows-powered computers. Rival AMD is stepping up its game this year, with its most competitive x86 chips in years. I’m sure the last thing Intel really wants is to have to compete with a whole new category of processors, so don’t be surprised if the company sends its lawyers after Qualcomm when more details about Windows 10-on-ARM and x86 emulation are revealed. via ZDNet Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Leave a Reply 11 Comments on "Intel makes not-so-subtle threat to Qualcomm and Microsoft over plans to emulate x86 tech for ARM chips" Login with Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Guest Jackfrostvc Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Intel was sued by Transmeta and then Intel counter sued. The end result was Intel having to pay Transmeta $250Million. So I’m not sure why they posted that comment Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 16 hours 10 minutes ago Guest CampGareth Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Looks like Transmeta never really turned a profit anyway, wouldn’t have been hard to knock them out of the game. The more I learn about Intel the more I feel it’s a poorly managed business and has been across its entire history. Vote Up-3Vote Down  Reply 15 hours 27 minutes ago Guest Tacitus Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Intel is one of the most successful tech companies in the world, are highly profitable, and have dominated the CPU business for over a decade. Sure, they make mistakes, but poorly managed, across its entire history? That’s nonsense. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 9 hours 1 minute ago Guest Jeff Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. I guess if you can’t beat them (ie. failed Atom), sue them. Vote Up4Vote Down  Reply 15 hours 35 minutes ago Member davidlt Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. There are no hardware emulation here. Simply put it’s like QEMU. Take x86 binary code and JIT it to aarch64 (aka arm64) then use + store for next time. TL;DR Snapdragon 835 does not talk x86 or x86_64 assembly. There is no intel x86 IP involved in SD 835. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 15 hours 31 minutes ago Guest CampGareth Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. That depends on how it’s being processed surely? Say your JIT compiler looks at the next 8 instructions and figures out they could be performed by 1 aarch64 SIMD instruction. That logical 8->1 leap could be copyright by Intel and I think that’s what they’re trying to claim. Really hope I’m wrong. Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 15 hours 19 minutes ago Guest Tacitus Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. CPU design incorporates a lot of microcode this days, and Intel will have a bunch of patents protecting it, and they may also have defensive patents in the areas of software emulation — precisely for the purpose of preventing competitors from creating emulators. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 9 hours 3 minutes ago Guest MarylandBill Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. I can’t see this as a wise move on Intel’s part. Sure, Microsoft is (rightly) looking to make windows available on other platforms to keep it relevant in the post PC world. Intel should be working hard on the post PC world as well, but instead, they seem to want to alienate their biggest partner in their success. This could if anything give MS an incentive to move away from x86 based systems even faster. Vote Up2Vote Down  Reply 15 hours 10 minutes ago Member Peter Lowe Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Talk about rewriting history!! The reason Transmeta “exited” the CPU business was that they were acquired by a little company you may have heard of called nVidia, and their tech turned into a chip that has seem some use, the Tegra series. There’s more than a little Transmeta in your Switch (and a ton of it in your Nexus 9!). Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 14 hours 14 minutes ago Guest riddick Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. I suspect that Qualcomm wants corporations to replace laptops with cellphones. I don’t think that will takeoff… laptops are a very resilient form factor. Also, Intel appears to be holding off the chromebook invasion quite well. They have been lowering their prices to prevent ARM systems from getting a foothold. In summary, businesses will chose laptops over phones and Intel will lower their laptop SOC prices to ensure that no one else can gain marketshare. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 13 hours 10 minutes ago Member Ajemo Haltom Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Well ARM isn’t exactly an open source architecture either. So it’s going to cost Microsoft either way to push ahead with x86 emulation. I’d say it’s down to battery life (CPU efficiency) as to which architecture is going to be more worth while for Microsoft to pursue. Certainly x86 has more intellectual infrastructure roads paved than ARM (most notably hardware compatibility). Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 12 hours 53 minutes ago Latest News Zotac’s latest fanless mini PCs now available for $160 and up (barebones) Zotac is updating its line of fanless mini desktops with new models sporting … [Read More...] Now you can run Linux on Windows 10 without developer mode One of the more surprising (and geeky) features Microsoft introduced with the … [Read More...] Asus Chromebook Flip C213 coming soon for $350 Asus has two new convertible Chromebooks on the way. The Asus Chromebook Flip … [Read More...] Deals Deals of the Day (6-09-2017) Need to upgrade your home network? Today's a good day to do it. Amazon is … [Read More...] Featured articles Differences between Windows 10 S, Home, Pro, Enterprise, and Education This week Microsoft introduced a new version of Windows 10 which is designed for … [Read More...] This might be the best MP3 player you can get for $1.50 Need a cheap MP3 player? It doesn't get much cheaper than the Simplicity Fashion … [Read More...] What’s new in Android O? Google has released the first developer preview for Android O, the next major … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. You are going to send email to Send Move Comment Move
REGISTER | LOGIN PROFILE | LOGOUT Sign Up / Sign In {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome Back {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Registration Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* displayName *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* addressCountry *} {* companyName *} {* eetimesJobfunction *} {* jobFunctionOther *} {* eetimesIndustry *} {* industryOther *} {* optInRegistration *} {* optAgree *} {* optShare *} {* siteName *} {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank You for Registering Please wait you will be redirected shortly. Create New Password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close About Us Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Big Data Breaking News BLOG: Intel to Strike Thunderbolt in CPUs BLOG: SCOTUS Ends Texas Patent Craze NEWS & ANALYSIS: 3DXP's Memory Role Unclear NEWS & ANALYSIS: Big Data Reshapes Silicon NEWS & ANALYSIS: Apple, Intel Attack Rivals SPONSORED: Wideband I/Q Demodulation for Zero-IF High Dynamic ... Blog Intel May Sue Msoft over Emulation Ryan Shrout 6/9/2017 11:50 AM EDT  3 comments   post a comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet In a recent blog, Intel suggests it may sue Microsoft over plans to run Windows 10 on Qualcomm's Snapdragon with x86 emulation. Intel published a recent blog on its x86 that on the surface celebrates “nearly four decades of consistent investment and improvement.” But the text, attributed to Intel’s general counsel and an Intel fellow, includes a much more important and potentially market-shifting message on competition and the legality of emulation. The blog details the advances in the x86 instruction set since Intel released the 8086 processor in 1978. It describes everything from MMX for multimedia to AVX-512, part of the upcoming Skylake-X architecture and more. Nearly every one of these advances has evolved the computing ecosystem unlike any company has been able to do in the same time frame. Intel deserves the credit and the financial success from these inventions. Without Intel pushing forward, it is likely that the PC that exists today would be a lesser entity. However, the second part of the blog takes a turn, referencing the days of patent enforcement of the 1990s surrounding the likes of AMD, Cyrix and VIA. Intel states that “enforcement actions have been unnecessary in recent years because other companies have respected Intel’s intellectual property rights.” Here’s where it gets interesting: However, there have been reports that some companies may try to emulate Intel’s proprietary x86 ISA without Intel’s authorization. Emulation is not a new technology, and Transmeta was notably the last company to claim to have produced a compatible x86 processor using emulation (“code morphing”) techniques. Intel enforced patents relating to SIMD instruction set enhancements against Transmeta’s x86 implementation even though it used emulation. In this paragraph, Intel is referring to the Windows 10 on Snapdragon program between Microsoft and Qualcomm. The effort was unveiled at CES in January, and the two companies made a joint announcement at Computex with partners Asus, HP and Lenovo as the flagship OEMs. The emulation that Intel refers to is the software layer that will allow all applications built for Windows to run without change on Qualcomm’s Snapdragon. This capability is one of the key differentiators between Windows RT (which failed) and Windows 10 on Snapdragon. Intel’s patent lawsuit with Transmeta resulted in only a set of counteracting settlements and a cross-licensing agreement. Transmeta would shutter its doors some time later due to disappointing sales. The Intel blog goes on to suggest legal action on the Win 10 Snapdragon program. “Only time will tell if new attempts to emulate Intel’s x86 ISA will meet a different fate” it said, adding, “we do not welcome unlawful infringement of our patents, and we fully expect other companies to continue to respect Intel’s intellectual property rights.” Intel appears to be collecting itself for a fight over what it considers unlawful infringement. The question is, with whom? Next page: Inside Win 10 with ARM and the x86 The 8086 CPU debuted in 1978. (Image: Intel) Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 2 Next > Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Freelancer Re: Doesn't matter if they win the case jamestate   6/9/2017 5:55:33 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate The Windows ARM x86 emulation solution is hardly new. Windows NT on Alpha had Digital's FX!32 32-bit x86 emulator. Despite Alpha having, at the time, a considerable performance advantage over x86 it still did not gain significant traction. Still ARM is a lot cheaper than Alpha ever was so it may get more significant traction. AMD has rather liberally licensed x86-64 in the past to other companies including Transmeta and VIA Technologies. The issue with x86 has typically been Intel, who enforce their patents rather severely, they typically try to kill their competition in the crib. As for who Intel is directing their guns at I have my suspicions. There have been a couple of recent initiatives to clone x86. One is the Chinese Loongson. Which is a MIPS CPU with hardware x86 emulation support. Another is the Russian Elbrus-4S. Which is a VLIW processor with hardware x86 emulation support. The last one, which is probably the most important, is NVIDIA's rumoured Denver CPU project. NVIDIA bought ALi Corporation a couple of years back. ALi sold a 386 compatible processor at one point. The rumours say NVIDIA basically was developing an x86 compatible processor but supposedly because of possible litigation issues (with Intel) they gave it up. I've also heard rumours of some of the large cloud vendors being interested in developing their own x86 compatible processor to use in-house (i've also heard of them being interested in ARM and RISC-V). But I don't know how reliable these rumours are. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Rookie Re: Doesn't matter if they win the case RyanShrout   6/9/2017 4:51:56 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Your point about AMD is well founded - I forgot to bring that up in the story. AMD owns the x64 portion, which is cross-licenses with Intel.  Suing Transmeta in the day is one thing, but for Intel to sue Microsoft, the largest software provider in the world, would be a more significant shaking up of the tech industry. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Doesn't matter if they win the case Doug_S   6/9/2017 4:08:59 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate If they sue they'll sow fear and uncertainty in the market for ARM-based Windows for several years, guaranteeing it goes nowhere. Their patents on basic x86 functionality have long since expired, and AMD holds patents on the 64 bit x86 functionality they introduced. Intel's only patent claims (as mentioned in the quoted section) for SIMD functionality where patents haven't yet expired, i.e. SSE and AVX. It isn't clear if Intel could win a suit where software is emulating the AVX instructions, but like I said, they don't have to win, just freeze the market for years while it makes its way through court. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 6/9/2017 11:52:37 PM resistion The price of a 3D XPoint chip is not easy to pin down, since it is not sold standalone (yet). But 20 nm DRAM does not have as many SADP layers and the materials are less exotic,... 6/9/2017 11:52:37 PM resistion The price of a 3D XPoint chip is not easy to pin down, since it is not sold standalone (yet). But 20 nm DRAM does not have as many SADP layers and the materials are less exotic,... 6/9/2017 10:43:05 PM double-o-nothing 3D XPoint expected cheaper than DRAM: http://www.computerworld.com/article/3194147/data-storage/faq-3d-xpoint-memory-nand-flash-killer-or-dram-replacement.html 6/9/2017 10:28:34 PM double-o-nothing The introduction of 8LPP, 10LPU and 10LPP in same year or within a year of one another is very confusing. The 10LPU and 8LPP look particularly to be contradictions. Also, it appears... 6/9/2017 5:55:33 PM jamestate The Windows ARM x86 emulation solution is hardly new. Windows NT on Alpha had Digital's FX!32 32-bit x86 emulator. Despite Alpha having, at the time, a considerable performance... 6/9/2017 4:51:56 PM RyanShrout Your point about AMD is well founded - I forgot to bring that up in the story. AMD owns the x64 portion, which is cross-licenses with Intel.  Suing Transmeta in the day... 6/9/2017 4:08:59 PM Doug_S If they sue they'll sow fear and uncertainty in the market for ARM-based Windows for several years, guaranteeing it goes nowhere. Their patents on basic x86 functionality have... 6/9/2017 3:29:02 PM KarlS01 @Colin:  Pre System/360 high end IBM CPUs had data buffers to try to speed up matrix inversion. Model 85 introduced cache as an improvement.  Meanwhile Models 350 65... 6/9/2017 3:21:31 PM alex_m1 Those kinds of memory access speeds/patterns seem extremely high. Any idea how they will get there ? 6/9/2017 3:10:19 PM KarlS01 @Elizabeth:  Thanks.  The memory map explains it well.  Harvard was used a lot because the program was in ROM, therefore could not store variable data.   Even... Navigate to Related Links Data Storage: The Solid State Drive (SSD) China May Become No. 2 Fab Spender by 2018 Why Qualcomm's New JV Irks Tsinghua Unigroup Intel to Strike Thunderbolt in CPUs Apple, Intel Attack Rivals Cartoon Contest June 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: Can You Hear Me Now? "Your caption here!" 59 comments All Cartoons May 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Fun house" After he carelessly pressed the wrong button one time too many, the engineers devised a safe space from which their manager could 'manage'. 77 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  24   IBM Claims 5nm Nanosheet Breakthrough  23   Solid State Batteries Aim to Top Li-ion  22   Where Do You Stand on Science March?  22   Engineering Ed Stuck in the Past  16   DSL Pioneer Describes Terabit Future  15   AMD Goes Epyc for Data Centers  14   NI's New CEO: Automotive To Be Key Opportunity  14   Macron, Innovator Beyond Politics  14   Tablet Shipments Decline for 10th Straight ...  14   Qualcomm: Apple's Real iPhone Competitor  24   IBM Claims 5nm Nanosheet Breakthrough  11   DARPA Funds Development of New Type of ...  7   Intel 3D XPoint Found in Optane Module  7   Apple, Amazon to Join Foxconn's Toshiba Bid  4   Intels Passenger Economy: Whats the Point?  4   Apple Turns Up Speakers, AR  4   A Big Howdy Doody from EEWeb  3   IBM Optics Go CMOS  3   Intel May Sue Msoft over Emulation  2   PCI Express Preps Shift to 32G Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" ASPENCORE NETWORK EBN | EDN | EE Times | EEWeb | Electronic Products | Electronics-Tutorials | Embedded | Planet Analog | ElectroSchematics | Power Electronics News | TechOnline | Datasheets.com | Embedded Control Europe | Embedded Know How | Embedded News | IOT Design Zone | Motor Control Design | Electronics Know How | GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia | EE Times China | EE Times India | EE Times Japan | EE Times Taiwan | EDN Asia | EDN China | EDN Taiwan | EDN Japan | ESM China | Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Intel just put Qualcomm’s Windows 10 plans on notice Chris Davies - Jun 9, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Intel was never going to be pleased at Microsoft and Qualcomm’s plans to run Windows 10 on Snapdragon processors, and now it’s dropping heavy hints that it could all end up in court. The latest attempt to squeeze Windows on ARM into the mainstream, the announcement between the software giant and the mobile chipmaker will eventually see processors like the Snapdragon 835 running Windows 10 on models from ASUS, HP, Lenovo, and more. For consumers, that’s only going to be a good thing. For Intel, not so much. Windows 10 running on ARM silicon has some obvious advantages. For a start, there’s power efficiency: Snapdragon chips are more commonly found in cellphones and tablets, where running frugally is especially essential. Meanwhile there’s also native support for cellular connectivity, making it easy for ultrabook and tablet manufacturers to offer integrated 4G/LTE connectivity. So, Qualcomm is promising “beyond all-day” battery life, fanless designs, and all the same Windows 10 features users demand – unlike the ill-fated Microsoft Surface running the cut-down (and subsequently discontinued) Windows RT. It can do that because of x86 chip emulation, effectively making an ARM processor behave like an x86 processor so that Windows 10 and its apps will run just as happily. That, unsurprisingly, has raised Intel’s hackles. In a lengthy article on innovation, Steven Rodgers and Richard A. Uhlig – executive vice president and general counsel for Intel Corporation, and Intel Fellow in Intel Labs and director of Systems and Software Research, respectively – first lay out the company’s four decade development history. That dates back to 1978 and the Intel 8086, the processor at the heart of IBM’s first Personal Computer. Since then, it’s been built upon with high-performance memory for x86 systems, security and encryption enhancements, and more. It’s all preamble to a threatening chaser. “Intel invests enormous resources to advance its dynamic x86 ISA,” the pair write, “and therefore Intel must protect these investments with a strong patent portfolio and other intellectual property rights.” Pointing out that Intel holds more than 1,600 worldwide patents around instruction set implementations, the execs explain that emulation has proved the downfall of other firms in the past. That list includes United Microelectronics Corporation, AMD, Cyrix, Chips and Technologies, Via Technologies, and Transmeta Corporation. The latter, which shut up shop ten years ago, claimed to have a patent-bypassing way of emulating x86, Intel says. Even so, it still successfully enforced its patent portfolio against it. Although Qualcomm isn’t mentioned by name, it’s clear who has raised Intel’s hackles. “Only time will tell if new attempts to emulate Intel’s x86 ISA will meet a different fate,” Rodgers and Uhlig conclude, though you can bet Qualcomm’s legal team isn’t planning to leave things for fate to decide. The first Windows 10 on Snapdragon computers are expected to arrive in Q4 this year; the first lawsuits probably won’t be long after. Story Timeline Windows 10 coming to ARM mobile devices thanks to Microsoft and Qualcomm tie up Qualcomm bites back at Apple over unfair licensing lawsuit Apple is playing patent royalty hardball, and Qualcomm is furious Samsung, Intel lend support to FTC's Qualcomm lawsuit Tags CPUIntellegalpatentProcessorQualcommSnapdragonWindows 10 Must Read Bits & Bytes The iPhone 8 could sacrifice gigabit LTE 2018 Volvo XC60 First Drive: The best Swedish all-rounder since ABBA Pokemon GO FEST event has Niantic’s biggest update ever Google Pixel 2 and the detail war with iPhone 8 E3 2017 Schedule: Press conferences for Nintendo, Microsoft, and more Latest Headlines Coolpad Defiant budget phone arrives at T-Mobile next week Jun 9, 2017 Leica M Monochrom ‘Jim Marshall Set’ is limited to 50 units Jun 9, 2017 Researchers develop fabric that can neutralize chemical weapons Jun 9, 2017 Stranger Things soundtrack will arrive soon…on cassette tape Jun 9, 2017 Honda is the new torch bearer for the mass-market stickshift Jun 9, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio Review: Nothing exceeds like excess Jun 6, 2017 Vizio SmartCast M65-D1 Review Jun 5, 2017 HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Site Information About / Advertise / Tip Us / Contact Policies Ethics Statement / Privacy Policy / Terms of Use © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Is Intel Corporation's Kaby Lake-X a Pointless Product? Yes, but the concept isn't necessarily flawed. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Jun 9, 2017 at 11:00AM Back in January, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) announced a family of processors dubbed Kaby Lake-S. These chips are part of what Intel calls its "mainstream desktop" family of processors. These chips have generally included between two and four processor cores (though the ceiling is set to increase to six with the upcoming Coffee Lake-S processors) as well as integrated graphics processors. Intel executive Navin Shenoy. Image source: Intel. The reason that they're considered "mainstream desktop" processors is that most desktop computers don't include stand-alone graphics processors anymore; instead, system builders rely on the graphics functionality that Intel builds into its processors. Unsurprisingly, most desktop personal computers sold today use Intel's mainstream processors. Intel also offers a separate line of desktop computer processors that it calls its "high-end desktop" (HEDT) processors. These are aimed at power users, personal computer enthusiasts, and high-end gamers. While Intel's mainstream desktop processors sell for between $40 and $350, Intel's high-end desktop processors have typically started at around $400 and gone to north of $1,700. With the release of the company's latest HEDT platform, known as Basin Falls, Intel lowered the price floor and raised the price ceiling for these parts. At the very bottom of the lineup is a part known as the Core i5-7640K, a four-core, four-thread processor that lists for $242. One step above that is the Core i7-7740K, a four-core, eight-thread processor that Intel offers at $339. These chips are based on the Kaby Lake-X architecture. These parts have seen quite a bit of derision in both the tech press as well as in some enthusiast circles. Today, I'm offering up my answer to the following question: Is Intel's Kaby Lake-X pointless? It seems pointless... First off, these Kaby Lake-X chips are little more than Intel's Kaby Lake-S processors but repackaged so that they will work in the same motherboards that the "true" HEDT processors, codenamed Skylake-X, work in. They also run at slightly higher frequencies than their Kaby Lake-S counterparts, so they should offer better CPU performance. The trade-offs, though, are that the cheapest Kaby Lake-X compatible motherboard is going to be more expensive than the cheapest Kaby Lake-S compatible motherboard and that the integrated graphics processor on the Kaby Lake-X chips can't be utilized. Now, on the surface, if it's true that a typical Kaby Lake-S motherboard is much cheaper than a typical Kaby Lake-X motherboard, then surely there's little point in going with a Kaby Lake-X-based system? I'd argue that it's not so clear cut, especially if one considers the dynamics of the do-it-yourself personal computer market. ...but it's not! If a customer is looking to maximize performance per dollar spent, then it'd make more sense to go with the top Kaby Lake-S part and a $100 motherboard than a similar-performing (and similarly priced) Kaby Lake-X part and pay around $160 at minimum for a compatible motherboard. However, motherboard makers often release feature-rich and richly priced motherboards for Intel's mainstream desktop processors aimed specifically at the enthusiast market. For example, motherboard makers routinely release $300-plus motherboards for Intel's mainstream platform. I think that for somebody looking to build a computer today and is dead-set on buying a high-end/high-priced motherboard, it makes more sense to go with the Kaby Lake-X chips and associated platform than to buy Kaby Lake-S for a couple reasons. First, the Kaby Lake-X chips are slightly faster out of the box than their Kaby Lake-S counterparts for the same money. Next, the motherboards that support Kaby Lake-X also support an upgrade path to the higher core count Skylake-X processors and should also enjoy an upgrade path to at least one more generation of high-end desktop processors. Kaby Lake-X probably won't succeed, though As I outlined in a previous article, I believe Kaby Lake-X is likely to face a challenging time in the market due to the pulled-in schedule of Intel's next mainstream processor family, called Coffee Lake-S. Per a recent leak, Intel is planning to launch Coffee Lake-S processors with four and six processor cores in August -- just a couple of months after the Kaby Lake-X launch. If Intel prices its Coffee Lake-S processors in line with its previous Kaby Lake-S products, then the value proposition of Kaby Lake-X could be destroyed. It's a good thing that Intel is pulling in Coffee Lake-S, but if Intel hadn't done so and kept the launch scheduled for early 2018, then Kaby Lake-X could have been relevant through the holiday shopping season. But that's not likely to be the case, so my hopes for Kaby Lake-X's market performance at current prices aren't high. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Jun 9, 2017 at 11:00AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.71 down $0.77 (-2.11%) Read More The 3 Best PC Stocks to Buy in 2017 Intel Corporation Announces 2018 Server Chip Plans The 2 Best Dividend Stocks in Drones Intel Corporation: The Bear Case From a Bull Qualcomm Gets Double Teamed by Intel and Samsung Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Is Intel Corporation's Kaby Lake-X a Pointless Product? @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Cricket World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessStartup Jun 09, 2017 07:29 PM IST | Source: Moneycontrol.com Why this Jodhpur-born entrepreneur sold ItzCash for Rs 800 cr last month The company began planning for a long term partner when early ItzCash investors such as Intel Capital, Lightspeed and Matrix Partners India began looking for an exit. Joseph Sebastian & Neha Alawadhi Moneycontrol News Mumbai-based digital payments company ItzCash, recently sold its 80 percent stake to US- based software firm Ebix, making it one of the largest acquisitions in digital payments space in last 12 months. Jodhpur-born ItzCash managing director Naveen Surya began planning for a long haul for the company when early ItzCash investors began looking for an exit. Started in 2006, ItzCash has raised USD 5 million from investors such as Intel Capital, Lightspeed and Matrix Partners India. “Ebix has a presence in 40-50 countries. We realised that we can use this footprint and expand our learning and research and gradually export this model of financial exchange in other relevant countries,” Surya told Moneycontrol on the sidelines of the IAMAI FintechX conference in Delhi. "The conversation started with finding a partner for our next 10-year journey," said Surya, a company secretary by qualification. Surya added that Ebix CEO Robin Raina understood ItzCash’s “convergence theme really well.” Nasdaq-listed Ebix provides on-demand software and e-commerce services to the insurance, financial, e-governance and healthcare industries, conducts over USD 100 billion in insurance premiums annually on its platforms. It has presence in Australia, Brazil, Canada, India, New Zealand, Singapore, the US and the UK. ItzCash has moved on from being a prepaid card and wallet company to providing remittances, financial services and corporate products. In May, Ebix acquired a 80 percent stake worth Rs 800 crore in ItzCash as part of a joint venture with the Essel Group. Under the terms of the agreement, ItzCash was valued at a total enterprise value of approximately USD 150 million. With the transaction, Ebix got an entry into India’s prepaid wallets, cards and bill payments space, which is dominated by players such as Paytm, Oxigen and others. Surya said Ebix’s Raina proposed leveraging their expertise in respective areas and geographies. While Ebix would look to create a “financial exchange model” in India to deliver not just payments to a customer, but “every financial service that he wants in his life,” ItzCash will look to provide payments for Ebix’s clients. On Future of Digital Payments in India Surya said physical and digital transactions working seamlessly will become a reality, in the near future, but there is still a lot of ground to cover. He added that while banking has penetrated 50 percent of the market, investments and credits are two areas which are yet to penetrate 80-90 percent of the Indian market. Responding to a question about the oft-repeated belief that banks will soon become redundant because of the rapidly expanding digital payments infrastructure, Surya said that it was becoming increasingly difficult to predict the success and failure of new ideas. “It’s very difficult to predict if banking in a physical infrastructure will go away, will the role change, will the payments bank overtake the mainstream bank. I believe given the nature of the market size, given the penetration levels that we have, for the next 20 years there’s going to be enough room for every type of a model in this country to co-exist," he said. On regulations in the Fintech space Surya said that having multiple agencies and ministries look at regulating the Fintech space was “both good and bad”. “We believe that the government and the regulator’s job is to give us a highway for Fintech companies to run their vehicles, but from the perspective of keeping us safe and secure, they put speed breakers. Our job is to work with them to make sure they put the speed breakers at the right place. At a wrong place, it can actually cause an accident," he said.joseph.sebastian@nw18.com tags #Ebix #fintech #IAMAI #ItzCash #Naveen Surya #Startup Related news Business With GST rollover on the watch, Flipkart announces nine day long fashion sale Jun 09, 2017 06:31 PM Business Why tech companies like Microsoft, Bosch are rushing to open startup accelerators in India? Jun 09, 2017 05:09 PM Business Talent Shopping: Amazon hires about half a dozen Snapdeal senior executives Jun 09, 2017 01:06 PM Business UN cites Indian start-up fund for govt policies on developing digital sector Jun 09, 2017 08:25 AM India Physical banks will perish in the next 5-6 years: Niti Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant Jun 08, 2017 08:51 PM Business Guiddoo raises $300,000 in pre-Series A round of funding Jun 08, 2017 07:34 PM Business Uber's recent cases on harassment a reflection of its character: Ola Cabs Jun 08, 2017 06:06 PM Business Coursera raises whopping $64 million in Series-D funding Jun 08, 2017 05:47 PM Business IDG Venture partners Unilever, Amazon to invest in early stage startups Jun 08, 2017 05:27 PM News Most Popular Top News This auto spare company is shifting gears towards growth. Is it a good buy? PEG ratio can help you spot multibaggers; 10 stocks which rose over 100% in 1 year Why this footwear retailer holds good prospects for investors In the season of IT layoffs, Rs 10,000 can get you a letter of experience 3-step guide to help you make investment decision when Sensex flirts with record highs Acche Din across the world! Poland, India among 5 markets which rose over 20% in 2017 You can use PAN to file tax returns even without an Aadhaar, rules SC No truth in Narayana Murthy, Nilekani stake sale reports: Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka see more Video of the day Andrew Holland of Avendus Cap bullish on FMCG space in India; wary of China slowdown Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Harsimran Julka
The Reformed Broker Home About Invest with Josh Josh in the News! Public Speaking Books Mix Tape Contact Intel 1995-2000 vs NVDA 2016-? Posted June 9, 2017 by Joshua M Brown Lots of feedback on what I said about NVIDIA yesterday. It is now the hottest technology company / stock in the market. Citi made the bull case for why it could double to 300. This sort of thing makes me nervous. Reversals can be sharp and vicious, especially when a stock goes parabolic and everyone is on the same side of a trade. And you can see how overbought this stock is right now in the chart below. Take a look at relative strength over 80 in the bottom pane: The last time it got this overbought, we saw a 20% sell-off during a five month consolidation process that ended in May. As I noted yesterday, the best stocks throughout history have shaken people out every year with catastrophic drawdowns. NVDA will not be immune to that dynamic and all good trades come to an end. But what if it’s more than a trade? The idea behind the rise of NVDA is that it is the Intel of the AI age, as quintessential to all of the new technology trends as Intel once was as the PC revolution exploded across the world. The PC era really kicked into high gear in the mid-1990’s with the launch of Windows 95 from Microsoft. Almost every computer running Microsoft was also running one of Intel’s Pentium chips. It was a package deal we called WinTel, and the term “Pentium” became like Q-Tip – a brand name so powerful that it became synonymous with the whole category. This continued on for five or six years until the tech crash, that really had nothing to do with computer sales. Here’s Intel’s stock, in terms of percentage gains, from the start of 1995 – the company’s watershed year – into March of 2000: That’s a monster stock, one of the greatest runs of all time for a large tech company. Now here’s NVDA, one year and four months from its moment of liftoff – when the world woke up to what the company was doing in AI and why it mattered: These are serious gains too, no doubt. But we haven’t seen anything compared to the Intel run. Bulls would say the best is yet to come. Bears would say “I knew Intel, and this is no Intel.” Pragmatists would look at the drawdowns of the Intel chart – even during its epic run – and say “There’ll be a better opportunity to get in.” It’s possible that all three could be right! That’s what makes markets challenging and fascinating. If you missed my post about NVDA yesterday, it’s here: The Most Important 24 Minutes of Your Year (TRB)   Full Disclosure: Nothing on this site should ever be considered to be advice, research or an invitation to buy or sell any securities, please see my Terms & Conditions page for a full disclaimer. Now go talk about it. facebook twitter linkedin What's been said: Discussions found on the web Op-Ed: Why this monster tech stock could be the Intel of the A.I. age - Synergy Capital commented on Jun 09 […] This commentary was originally published on TheReformedBroker.com. […] Read this next. February 8, 2011 Playbook vs Streak vs iPad vs Xoom (Infograph) June 8, 2017 The Most Important 24 Minutes of Your Year March 27, 2011 Reality Check for the Big Bounce @reformedbroker Joshua M. Brown I’m a New York City-based financial advisor at Ritholtz Wealth Management. I help people invest and manage portfolios for them. More As Seen On Subscribe & Reform Email: Great news, we've signed you up. Sorry, we weren't able to sign you up. Please check your details, and try again. Today's Hot Links Today at 1pm ET - Tim Cook's keynote at WWDC. Your preview: (Recode) Saudi-Led Alliance Cuts Ties With Qatar (Bloomberg) Donald Trump's Triumph of Stupidity (Der Spiegel) Trump's own national security team didn't even know he was planning to be a dick to NATO (Politico) Another hot manager becomes a debacle (Bloomberg) Best Of TRB Eight Lessons From Our First Year Sep 2014 The Best of TRB 2014 – Fun Stuff Apr 2014 Financial Media Wakeup Call: The Big Disconnect Feb 2013 Bernard Baruch’s 10 Rules of Investing Feb 2013 T.I.N.A. (or the Seller’s Dilemma) Feb 2013See All About Terms and Conditions Contact © 2017 The Reformed Broker. Reform your inbox Email: Great news, we've signed you up. Sorry, we weren't able to sign you up. Please check your details, and try again. Get a Full Investor Curriculum: Join The Book List Every month you'll receive 3-4 book suggestions--chosen by hand from more than 1,000 books. You'll also receive an extensive curriculum (books, articles, papers, videos) in PDF form right away. [mailbag_mailchimp]
HOME NEWS Channels Archive DOWNLOADS New Downloads Categories Archive GAME REVIEWS ARTICLES Rig of the Month Join ROTM PC Buyers Guide Guru3D VGA Charts Editorials Dated content HARDWARE REVIEWS Videocards Processors Audio Motherboards Memory and Flash SSD Storage Chassis Media Players Power Supply Laptop and Mobile Smartphone Networking Keyboard Mouse Cooling Search articles Knowledgebase More Categories FORUMS NEWSLETTER CONTACT New Reviews MSI X370 XPower KRAIT Gaming review Prey: PC graphics performance benchmark review Tech preview: Intel Core i9 Skylake-X processors Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1080 AORUS 11 Gbps review EK Fluid Gaming A240G CPU & GPU Liquid Cooling review Guru3D Rig of the Month - May 2017 Corsair Commander PRO Review Fractal Design Focus G review Cooler Master Cosmos II 25th Anniversary Edition Review Plextor M8Se 512GB PCIe NVMe SSD review New Downloads GeForce 382.53 WHQL driver download Corsair SSD Toolbox v1.2.5.5 AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.6.1 driver download Display Driver Uninstaller Download version 17.0.6.6 CPU-Z download v1.79.1 Intel SSD Toolbox 3.4.6 Download Intel HD graphics Driver Download Version: 15.45.19.4678 HWiNFO64 Download v5.52 GPU-Z Download v2.1.0 GeForce 382.33 WHQL driver download New Forum Topics what do you think of these specs? Gow 4 question, help needed!! DiRT 4 Best AIO liquid cooler for 1080 Ti? Getting nvlddmkm error in event log, game crashing Is water-cooling relevant anymore? Computer Shutdown on game but Not on Benchmark/Prime95 Test Radeon Software Crimson ReLive Edition 17.6.1 Download & Discussion GPU boot-time on ryzen build What's the best setup for my SSDs? Guru3D.com » News » Intel announces Cannon Lake on track & Ice Lake has taped in Intel announces Cannon Lake on track & Ice Lake has taped in by Hilbert Hagedoorn on: 06/08/2017 08:43 PM | Source | 6 comment(s) Taped in - not out. Right, so we have Kaby Lake-X, Skylake-X pending release soon, then Coffee lake. However Cannon lake is on track and Ice Lake has taped in, Intel tweeted. It's how Intel communicates these days, god forbid they actually contact press. So Ice Lake would be the second gen 10nm processors, Cannon Lake being the first. On twitter Intel calls it "another milestone". Perhaps I need to explain what a tape-in is first. A tape-in is the second to last design stage for a chip. Basically the building blocks of the design are finished in the last design stages, these can then be combined for the final step, a tape-out. A tape-out is the stage where the physical production of the initial engineering batch wafer samples start - followed by volume production. The production of Cannon lake would commence late this year with the first (10nm) processors becoming available in early 2018. At least that is the plan as it is right now. 10nm chips is once again an evolutionary step smaller and more energy efficient. The Cannon Lake generation will end up as U- and Y series chips for laptops. In the second half of 2018 you'd then see desktop processors based on ... 10nm Ice Lake. You will have noticed that I did not mention Coffee lake just yet .. well say no more, Coffee Lake is based on a 14nm fabrication node and would see a release in August or September with desktop version in a 4-core and 6-core model. It is rumored to be 15% faster compared to Kaby Lake. These would be tied towards the H370 and Z370 chipsets, and you guess it .. it will have a new socket. Obviously Intel will release K models (unlocked) in the Coffee Lake generation. In Q1 2018 Coffee Lake-S would see the light of day, these are dual-core parts.  You'll notice the slide also mentioning Gemini lake :) That is a low energy part that would follow up Apollo Lake (NAS Celerons etc) with HDMI 2.0 bringing UHS and HDR to the table. Gemini Lake TDP is 6W mobile / 10W desktop. Dual and quad core up to 18 EU Gen9, native HDMI 2.0. Gemini Lake features Goldmont Plus core, 4MB cache (up from 2MB), DDR4, integrated WiFi / BT. Your eyes just popped out didn't they? Thanks SH SOTN for the heads up ;) Rate this story Rating: 1 ... Bad 2 ... Not the best 3 ... Average 4 ... Good 5 ... Awesome « Cheap Intel Apollo Lake SoCs Play Netflix 4k Ultra HD · Intel announces Cannon Lake on track & Ice Lake has taped in · Download: Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.6.1 driver » Related Stories Nvidia BattleBox To be Offered With Both Intel and Ryzen Processors - 05/27/2017 08:35 AM In case you are not familiar with the concept, the Nvidia GTX Battle Box is a prebuilt system for both the high-end as well as the mid-range PC users. You can choose out of two different versions, th... Intel Announces Record First-Quarter Revenue of $14.8 Billion - 04/28/2017 08:22 AM Intel is happy, they reported first-quarter revenue of $14.8 billion, up 8 percent year-over-year on a GAAP basis and 7 percent on a non-GAAP basis. Operating income was $3.6 billion, up 40 percent y... Intel Announces Atom C3000 Processors for NAS and IoT - 02/22/2017 03:52 PM Shortly after the C2000 debacle Intel now announces their Atom C3000 Processors. The new series is intended for small form factor servers, NAS units and the Internet of Things. Intel will released mo... Intel Announces $250 Million Investment for Autonomous Driving - 11/16/2016 10:26 AM Intel CEO Brian Krzanich today announced that Intel Capital is targeting more than $250 million of additional new investments over the next two years to make fully autonomous driving a reality. This i... Intel announces first Kaby Lake 7th gen Core-processors - 08/30/2016 05:44 PM Intel today is announcing some 7th gen processors, these would be Kaby lake based, this initial launch wave is mobile only, thus no desktop parts have been unleashed.  The newer anfd faster then SkyL... StewieTech Maha Guru Posts: 1866 Joined: 2012-02-06 #5440443 Posted on: 06/08/2017 09:58 PM Coffee lake is my kind of lake. Can you imagine a lake made of coffee? Id jump in there and have a coffee boner from too much coffee. Anyway these lakes are succeeding too fast for me. Technology advances so fast its hard to justify the next best thing all the time. Unless its coffee that im in. Silva Master Guru Posts: 239 Joined: 2013-06-04 #5440449 Posted on: 06/08/2017 10:11 PM 10nm is the most interesting piece of news I heard from Intel since they announced 14nm. StewieTech Maha Guru Posts: 1866 Joined: 2012-02-06 #5440455 Posted on: 06/08/2017 10:17 PM Quote: Originally Posted by Silva 10nm is the most interesting piece of news I heard from Intel since they announced 14nm. I agree, although im afraid i hit that unforgiving age where tech just dont excite me as it did. Hey you´re from Portugal too, wanna hangout sometime? Drink a cold one! jk jk cryohellinc Master Guru Posts: 562 Joined: 2014-10-20 #5440462 Posted on: 06/08/2017 10:22 PM Either this autumn, or early next year will make a CPU upgrade. Currently my choice would have been Ryzen 1800x, however i'm open to see what actually happens with Intel. Can they offer something great at reasonable price for Coffee lake? Hopefully we can find out that soon enough. JamesSneed Member Guru Posts: 50 Joined: 2017-02-14 #5440717 Posted on: 06/09/2017 02:30 PM Maybe I'm getting a bit cynical in my old age but I get this feeling in my gut they have had Ice Lake mostly tape in ready for close to a year. I'm assuming Ice Lake HEDT wont be on the 2066 socket that is landing with Skylake-x? Emille Master Guru Posts: 566 Joined: 2014-09-22 #5440761 Posted on: 06/09/2017 04:13 PM LOL. That screenshot of the timeline for the next few gens of processirs is absolutely hilarious. As someone who has bought intel for a long it is funny to see intel so far behind for a change. It lists the skylake x processors as 16,14,12,10,8,6,4 core but then the next few ticks and tocks are listed as 6 and 4 core only. Obviouslt they have been rushing so much just to try to match AMD threadripper that they haven't eben begin to change the schedule to account dor the fact that if they don't start pumping out high core cpus as the new standard they will lose a massive chunk of the market for desktop cpus. Thank god for amd. Intel would have spoon fed us 6 core cpus for the next 5 years and 8 core cpus would still be sold as a $2000 extreme edition...not anymore. Post New Comment Click here to post a comment for this news story on the message forum. Guru3D.com © 2017
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Will the iPhone 8 be at a Disadvantage by not fully supporting next-gen modems delivering 1 Gigabit Speeds? | Main | Apple Hires Stanford's Dr. Sumbul Desai to work on Health Services for Apple Watch » June 09, 2017 Is Intel Warning Qualcomm about their ARM x86-Emulation used in upcoming Windows 10 Devices?   In December it was reported that Microsoft and Qualcomm were working on new 2-in-1 notebook-like devices for 2017. In April ARM confirmed that such devices would be on schedule for this fall. Then last week HP and others confirmed that they're onboard to deliver products that will offer always-on connectivity. Is Intel happy about this development? Likely not and yesterday they issued an unusual warning to those that think that they can emulate their x86 architecture without a proper license from Intel. Some are speculating that Intel's warning may be aimed at the new Qualcomm-Windows devices.   Yesterday chief lawyer Stephen Rodgers and Intel Labs Director Richard A. Uhlig stated in a company blog post that "there have been reports that some companies may try to emulate Intel's proprietary x86 ISA without Intel's authorization.   Emulation is not a new technology, and Transmeta was notably the last company to claim to have produced a compatible x86 processor using emulation ("code morphing") techniques. Intel enforced patents relating to SIMD instruction set enhancements against Transmeta's x86 implementation even though it used emulation. In any event, Transmeta was not commercially successful, and it exited the microprocessor business 10 years ago.   Only time will tell if new attempts to emulate Intel's x86 ISA will meet a different fate. Intel welcomes lawful competition, and we are confident that Intel's microprocessors, which have been specifically optimized to implement Intel's x86 ISA for almost four decades, will deliver amazing experiences, consistency across applications, and a full breadth of consumer offerings, full manageability and IT integration for the enterprise.   However, we do not welcome unlawful infringement of our patents, and we fully expect other companies to continue to respect Intel's intellectual property rights. Strong intellectual property protections make it possible for Intel to continue to invest the enormous resources required to advance Intel's dynamic x86 ISA, and Intel will maintain its vigilance to protect its innovations and investments.   Engadget for one is speculating that the warning is aimed at Qualcomm specifically in their new report titled "Intel's not very happy about Qualcomm-powered Windows 10 PCs."   I think we know of another company in Cupertino that would love to see Intel sue Qualcomm. The company's name starts with an "A." But to be fair and accurate, Intel never mentions a specific company in their veiled threat, so it's difficult to assess if it's truly aimed at Qualcomm or other vendors in China who may be thinking of using x86-emulation without an Intel license.   If it actually turns out to be Qualcomm who Intel is threatening, then the minute the new Windows 10 + Qualcomm product hits the shelves this fall, we're likely to read about Intel's legal team rolling up their legal sleeves and going to war. Intel is trying to avoid a war with their warning but are willing to proceed if forced to. So stay tuned.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or negative behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on June 09, 2017 at 07:35 AM in 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple Hires Stanford's Dr. Sumbul Desai to work on Health Services for Apple Watch Is Intel Warning Qualcomm about their ARM x86-Emulation used in upcoming Windows 10 Devices? Will the iPhone 8 be at a Disadvantage by not fully supporting next-gen modems delivering 1 Gigabit Speeds? Component Makers start cranking up iPhone Production for Apple's new iPhones A Rogue Group of Chinese Apple Employees Arrested for Selling Apple Customer's Personal Data Apple is the #3 Company on the Fortune 500 List for 2017 Ahead of the Launch of the Xbox Scorpio Console at E3 on Sunday, Microsoft Files for 'DirectReality' Trademark Samsung's Vice Chairman has a Scheduled Meeting with Apple Executives this Week Apple's iPhone 8 OLED Panel Production begins at Month's End Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics & Sensors Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: A Close Look at NVIDIA's Dividend Potential The GPU maker is a great growth stock with a paltry dividend. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Jun 9, 2017 at 9:40AM Chipmaker NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) has plenty of great qualities -- including a market-leading position in discrete GPUs, a firm foothold in connected cars, and growth opportunities in next-gen markets like machine learning and smart homes. But one area where NVIDIA repeatedly falls short is its dividend. NVIDIA started paying a dividend in late 2012. Its yield started out at around 2%, but that figure is now well below 1% -- partly due to the stock's 1,140% rally over the past five years. But with the stock currently at all-time highs in a lofty market, investors might be wondering if NVIDIA should hike its dividend to prevent its investors from cashing out during a downturn. Image source: NVIDIA. A paltry payout compared to its industry peers NVIDIA pays a forward yield of 0.4% -- which is much lower than the S&P 500's current yield of 2%. It's also much lower than the yield of comparable peers like Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) and Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), which respectively pay forward yields of 3.9% and 3%. NVIDIA has hiked its dividend for four straight years, but it doesn't seem interested in raising it to levels comparable to those of its slower-growth semiconductor peers. That attitude isn't surprising, since most tech companies only start paying higher dividends when their growth slows down. Below-average payout ratios The sustainability of a dividend is measured by the payout ratio -- the percentage of a company's earnings or free cash flow (FCF) allocated to dividends. If that percentage exceeds 100%, the dividend is in trouble; if it's low, the company can afford to pay more. Over the past 12 months, NVIDIA only spent 17% of its earnings and 19% of its FCF on dividends. Those are very low ratios compared to Intel, which spent 45% of its earnings and 44% of its FCF on dividends during the same period, or Qualcomm, which paid out 71% of its earnings and 56% of its FCF. Therefore, NVIDIA could easily double or triple its dividend while maintaining fairly low payout ratios. Above-average free cash flow growth As Intel struggled with sluggish PC and data center chip sales, and Qualcomm faced headwinds in both its chipmaking and patent licensing businesses, NVIDIA's core GPU business thrived on robust demand from gamers, automakers, and data center partners. That's why NVIDIA posted much better FCF growth than both Intel and Qualcomm over the past five years. Source: YCharts That FCF growth supports the notion that NVIDIA should raise its dividend. But NVIDIA, like many other growing tech companies, likely prefers to keep more cash available for R&D and acquisitions. Rosy top and bottom line growth ahead Therefore, NVIDIA probably won't significantly raise its dividend unless its growth peaks or it runs out of ways to expand its business. That doesn't seem likely, with analysts anticipating 19% sales growth and 20% earnings growth this year. By comparison, Intel's revenue and earnings are expected to respectively grow just 1% and 5% this year. Analysts expect Qualcomm's revenue and earnings to respectively fall 3% and 4%. Should NVIDIA pay a higher dividend? NVIDIA is still classified as a growth stock, which usually doesn't come with generous dividends. Investors probably don't care that NVIDIA doesn't pay higher dividends, since the stock more than tripled over the past 12 months. But NVIDIA isn't unstoppable. Qualcomm's upcoming takeover of NXP will make it the biggest automotive chipmaker in the world, and a major threat to NVIDIA's automotive business. AMD's next-gen Vega cards could dent sales of NVIDIA's current-gen Pascal cards this year, and it's also expanding into the data center GPU market. Yet that's precisely why NVIDIA doesn't pay a higher dividend. The less cash it pays out as dividends, the more cash it has to counter these potentially disruptive threats. Leo Sun owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nvidia and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Intel and NXP Semiconductors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Jun 9, 2017 at 9:40AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $57.05 down $-1.07 (-1.84%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.71 down $0.77 (-2.11%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $149.60 down $-10.34 (-6.46%) Read More NVIDIA's Self-Driving Car Technology Wins Over Toyota Motor Can NVIDIA Win Esports With This Budget GPU? 5 Reasons You Should Own at Least 1 Artificial Intelligence Stock Why Apple, Rite Aid, and NVIDIA Slumped Today Google Just Fired a Shot Across NVIDIA's Bow Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current A Close Look at NVIDIA's Dividend Potential @themotleyfool #stocks $QCOM, $INTC, $NVDA
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1371, 05 Jun 17 #1370, 22 May 17 #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist GarageBand 10.2 Swift Publisher 5.0 Evernote 6.11.1 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.5.6 Fantastical 2.3.8 DEVONagent 3.9.7 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.12 Caboodle 2.0.3 iMovie 10.1.6 BBEdit 11.6.6     Related Articles Maca Culpa: Apple Admits Mac Pro Missteps and Promises More Transparency (04 Apr 17) Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything In Between (03 Nov 16)     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Macs & Mac OS X | 06 Jun 2017 | Print  | Comment (21) Apple Beefs Up iMac and MacBook Lines, Teases the iMac Pro by Adam C. Engst At WWDC 2017 today, Apple devoted a non-trivial segment of the keynote to new Mac hardware, showing off improved iMacs and performance-enhanced MacBook Pros and mentioning a speed bump to the MacBook Air in passing. After running through all the changes to today’s models, Apple gave a sneak preview of the iMac Pro, a workstation-class version of the 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display that’s scheduled to ship at the end of the year. No mention was made of the Mac mini or Mac Pro, though Apple has already said that the Mac Pro is in the middle of a major redesign that won’t be done until 2018 at the earliest (see “Maca Culpa: Apple Admits Mac Pro Missteps and Promises More Transparency,” 4 April 2017). iMac -- The workhorse of Apple’s desktop line has long been the iMac, which Apple continues to offer in three basic models: a 21.5-inch non-Retina version, a 21.5-inch iMac with 4K Retina display, and the 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display. On the CPU front, each model receives a speed bump thanks to Apple using Intel’s 7th generation “Kaby Lake” processors and increasing clock speeds. You can see the specifics on Apple’s Tech Specs page, but the summary is that Apple is focusing more effort on the 21.5 Retina iMac, offering just a single configuration of the non-Retina model. Benchmarks will show how much faster the combination of new CPUs and higher clock speeds will be, but I suspect purchases will mostly be based on price. Although the iMac Retina displays are already gorgeous, Apple claims to have improved them even more in both the 21.5-inch and 27-inch sizes, increasing brightness 43 percent to 500 nits and supporting display of up to 1 billion colors. The non-Retina iMac model drives its screen with the integrated Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640, but all the Retina models now take advantage of Radeon Pro GPUs, the 555 and 560 for the 21.5-inch models and the 570, 575, and 580 models for the 27-inch models. The notable win here is for the 21.5-inch Retina models, which were previously limited to integrated Intel Iris Pro Graphics 6200. Apple has made the Fusion Drive standard in more configurations, and the company claims that the SSDs available in 256 GB, 512 GB, and 1 TB capacities are up to 50 percent faster. You can also configure the top-of-the-line 27-inch iMac with a 2 TB SSD for a whopping $1400. When it comes to RAM, all base models still ship with 8 GB. The non-Retina iMac and low-end 21.5 Retina model remain limited to 16 GB, but the high-end 21.5-inch Retina model can now take 16 GB or 32 GB, a welcome improvement. Similarly, the low-end 27-inch model still maxes out at 32 GB, but the two higher-end models can take 16 GB, 32 GB, or 64 GB. RAM in the 21.5-inch iMac models cannot be upgraded by the user, but you can install memory in the 27-inch model yourself. Unsurprisingly, Apple replaced the previous models’ Thunderbolt 2 ports with a pair of Thunderbolt 3 ports that support DisplayPort for external screens, Thunderbolt at up to 40 Gbps, USB 3.1 Gen 2 at up to 10 Gbps, and various other protocols via adapters (see “Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything In Between,” 3 November 2016). All these changes are welcome for anyone in the market for a new iMac. I doubt they’re significant enough to warrant trading in an existing Retina iMac, unless Thunderbolt 3 is a necessity. The most interesting changes are actually in the 21.5-inch models, which move past the RAM and graphics limitations of the previous configuration while introducing a cheaper config. The 21.5-inch non-Retina iMac remains priced at $1099, with the two Retina configurations starting at $1299 and $1499. The 27-inch model comes in three configurations: $1799, $1999, and $2299. They’re all available now. Perhaps I’m just boggled by the number of changes Apple announced in the WWDC keynote, but I couldn’t see how to give more context for the changes in relation to previous configurations because the matrix of what models get which build-to-order options was just too complicated. If you want to price out different possibilities, I recommend opening several browser windows so you can compare the configurations side by side. MacBook, MacBook Pro, and MacBook Air -- As with the iMac, Apple updated the processors in the MacBook and MacBook Pro with new Kaby Lake processors running at higher clock speeds. That should improve performance, although likely not by that much. The MacBook Pro models also get improved graphics processing, with the 13-inch MacBook Pro models using Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 and 650, and the 15-inch models switching to Radeon Pro 555 and 560 discrete GPUs on top of Intel HD Graphics 630 and 640. You can now buy a MacBook with 16 GB of RAM, up from the previous limit of 8 GB, and Apple claims that the MacBook’s onboard SSD is up to 50 percent faster. That might make the MacBook a more attractive option, given that lackluster performance was one of its main disadvantages. Despite rumors to the contrary, the MacBook Air lives, but it sees the least change, replacing its stock 1.6 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with a 1.8 GHz model. It remains upgradeable to an Intel Core i7 running at 2.2 GHz. Although these changes are all positive, they do nothing to simplify the difficulty of choosing between the three models. Each falls into the three-dimensional graph of price, performance, and size in a different spot. You’ll have to decide what’s most important to you — cost, speed, or portability — and figure out which of Apple’s notebooks best fits your needs. As with the new iMac models, these updated notebooks are all available now. iMac Pro -- During the private media meeting in which Apple executives confessed to the company’s sins with regard to the Mac Pro, mention was made of pro-related announcements about the iMac coming this year. Apple has now revealed more of what that means, pulling back the curtains on the iMac Pro. Due in December 2017, the iMac Pro retains the same form factor of the 27-inch iMac with 5K Retina display, but swaps the brushed aluminum look for a space gray finish that extends to the Magic Keyboard with Numeric Keypad, Magic Mouse 2, and an optional Magic Trackpad 2. The goal of the iMac Pro is to provide workstation-class performance within the iMac design. The hardest part of that is dealing with heat, because the iMac Pro will feature Intel Xeon processors in 8-core, 10-core, or 18-core configurations. Also playing into the necessary thermal architecture redesign is Apple’s use of a new Radeon Pro Vega GPU, which reportedly features a next-generation compute core and up to 16 GB of on-package high-bandwidth memory (HBM2). Apple says that the iMac Pro with Vega GPU delivers up to 11 teraflops of single-precision compute power for real-time 3D rendering and high frame rate VR. For half-precision computation that’s reportedly ideal for machine learning, the iMac Pro can deliver up to 22 teraflops of performance. (No, we don’t really have a sense of what that means, either, but Apple PR did a good job of making it sound impressive.) The iMac Pro will come with 32 GB of RAM by default, but for a machine in this class, the fact that it’s configurable to 64 GB or 128 GB is more important. A 1 TB SSD is also standard, with 2 TB and 4 TB SSDs as options. Unsurprisingly, the iMac Pro sports four Thunderbolt 3 ports, which enables it to drive up to two 5K displays and two high-performance RAID arrays at the same time. Other connectivity options mimic what’s on the 27-inch iMac with 5K Retina display now, with the exception of Ethernet. Instead of gigabit Ethernet, the iMac Pro will include 10 Gb Ethernet, which could be a big deal when transferring huge amounts of data between machines. How much will all this cost? A lot, with the base iMac Pro configuration starting at $4999. Apple claimed that a comparable workstation would cost about $7000, without a 5K display. Even still, given the high price of large SSDs and RAM, we anticipate that a loaded iMac Pro will easily meet or exceed that $7000 mark. But that won’t stop the audience for the iMac Pro. If you need the maximum performance from a Mac, the iMac Pro will provide it. At least until a new Mac Pro makes its debut, and many of those who live and die by the teraflop won’t want to wait.   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about Apple Beefs Up iMac and MacBook Lines, Teases the iMac Pro To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. As part of the announcement-heavy WWDC keynote, Apple has revved the iMac line with Intel’s 7th-generation Kaby Lake CPUs, higher performance graphics, brighter screens, and faster SSDs. The MacBook and MacBook Pro also get new CPUs, the MacBook becomes more expandable, and the MacBook Air receives a small speed bump. The most unexpected news, however, was the announcement of the iMac Pro, due in December 2017. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Michael E. Cohen   2017-06-06 10:48 And if anyone out there thinks the iMac Pro means that a Mac Pro ISN'T also coming, Apple's press release on the iMac Pro puts that misconception to rest: "In addition to the new iMac Pro, Apple is working on a completely redesigned, next-generation Mac Pro architected for pro customers who need the highest-end, high-throughput system in a modular design, as well as a new high-end pro display." Reply Mackay Bell  2017-06-07 20:38 It seems that part of the reason they revealed that they were working on an expandable Mac Pro (and apologizing for the trash can version) is they wanted people to get excited about the iMac Pro, and not suck up all the air complaining about the lack of an expandable system. By getting that story out before the release, they could get a little more excitement going for the coming of the iMac Pro. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-09 09:49 I think you're spot on. Reply Alan Forkosh   2017-06-06 11:09 It's noteworthy that Apple didn't mention anything about the Touch Bar. As it stands now, Touch Bar is an orphan, present on only on the MacBook Pro line. It strikes me as something that can't really be considered a standard until there is a desktop version of it also--either a new keyboard or a standalone item to be paired with a keyboard. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-06 12:00 In fact, it turns out that Apple did release a new wireless Magic Keyboard with Numeric Keypad. But not with a Touch Bar. Boo! http://techcrunch.com/2017/06/05/apple-has-a-new-wireless-magic-keyboard-with-a-full-numeric-keypad/amp/ Reply Paul Ellis  2017-06-06 13:53 The Touch Bar is a gimmick. It breaks all the rules of ergonomics and focus. It might possibly make some sense when positioned close the the screen, and therefore point of focus, on a laptop, but makes little sense for a desktop. If I were a developer, which thankfully I'm not, I wouldn't be wasting any time developing for it, and certainly not if I'd previously been stung by OpenDoc, QuickTime VR, etc. etc. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:57 I like what Apple is doing with the iMac and I'll give them the benefit of the doubt when it comes to assuming they'll make things right with the new Mac Pro once it finally arrives. The MBP seems fine. I still don't see what TouchBar is supposed to accomplish - I also think it's mainly a gimmick with poor ergonomics. Apple didn't spend any time on it at this WWDC. Does anybody think it might disappear during the next overhaul? I don't really get why Apple is keeping the MBA around instead of just trying to make an inexpensive entry-level MB instead. Since there is no inexpensive entry-level MB, I assume that means the MB is targeting the middle/high-end of the compact/light market. So with that in mind, why in the world did they not replace that USB-C with TB3? If this were a budget Mac at $999 targeted at schools and students, fine. But since this is a midrange Mac we're talking about, why leave it stuck with USB-C? Nothing TB3 offers can't be done with USB-C, but TB3 is just more versatile and it is no doubt the new standard across Macs - well almost, sigh. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:59 (cont.) My only real gripe on the Mac side is the Mac mini. How can Apple just let it sit there to die? Either kill it off already (so people know they'll have to go Hackintosh) or update it. But just leaving it sit there without a clear plan makes we wonder what message Apple is trying to send. It reminds me of the Mac Pro situation before pressure from pros and tech journalists forced Apple to take a stand. I see a lot of potential for the Mac mini, from cheap servers to simple office computers, offering a low-price entry point to the Mac universe, schools, home media servers, etc. I'm afraid all of that is "too techy" and not sexy enough for the new Apple. I really hope I'm wrong. I'm holding onto my trusty Core i5 Mac mini, but with its 4 GB of RAM (could be upgraded) and 500 GB HDD (could also be upgraded, but is that worth it?) its days are numbered even as my home media server. Reply Bertrand Morin  2017-06-06 19:27 Is the memory (RAM) upgradable in the iMac 27in. by the user, as it wad older iMac… Reply James  2017-06-08 07:58 Did you read the product page for the 27" iMac? If not, go back and read it again. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-09 09:48 Yes, it is in the 27-inch model. But RAM in the 21.5-inch model is not user-upgradeable (although it's not soldered to the motherboard either). Reply Scott M.   2017-06-07 01:08 Is there any indication yet if the new iMac models (both 21.5" and 27") have user upgradable RAM? There is some wording on the Apple page that you can upgrade the 21.5" RAM after purchase through Apple or an authorized dealer, but it not 100% clear. And the page for the 27" is completely silent. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-07 09:59 The 21.5-inch models are NOT user-upgradeable, but the 27-inch model is. See http://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201191 Reply Bob  2017-06-08 18:02 Scott, MacRumors reports "iFixit has published a teardown of the new 4K 21.5-inch iMac, which reveals that – surprisingly – Apple's smallest all-in-one desktop machine has both removable RAM and a Kaby Lake processor that's not soldered onto the logic board." Note though, updating is an involved process. Certainly not user-replaceable by the average owner. But at least users aren't irrevocably locked in to what they originally purchased. Reply Scott M.   2017-06-09 02:28 I guess that I should have been a little more accurate with my question. I was more trying to determine if the RAM in both the 21.5" and 27" is upgradable, whether user upgradable as officially supported by Apple or even just upgradable but only officially by Apple or an Apple ASP (which means a user can do it if they are afraid to open up their Mac and maybe end up having Apple not provide support under the warranty if there is a problem). Reply Scott M.   2017-06-09 02:32 Good to know. I am not afraid to open up a Mac even for supposedly no user upgradable items at least officially in Apple's eyes. On my original 2006 MBP, I replaced a fan that was squealing due to the bearings and also upgrade the WiFi card, neither of which was consider user upgradable by Apple (certainly not the fan at least...not sure about the WiFi card). It likely would not matter as if I were in the market for an iMac (I am currently not), I would be going for a 27" model anyway. I am kind of used to the 27" Thunderbolt display that I have, so going back to what would seem like a freakishly small (to me) 21.5" screen would not really be an option. Reply Henrik Munster  2017-06-09 10:46 There is "not user upgradeable" and then there is "not user upgradeable". I have myself opened a few MacBooks and even PowerBooks, but opening an iMac seems to me to be quite frightening. My suggestion would be to at least take a look at the instructions at iFixit before attempting to do anything. Reply Scott M.   2017-06-09 22:00 Always do. When I am going to crack open any Mac (or any other Apple product or even some non-Apple products these days although they tend to cover every Apple product but not so much for non-Apple products), iFixit is the first stop when I even start to think about it. It was their guides that helped me replace the fan on the 2006 MBP and upgrade the WiFi card for that same Mac. iFixit is an excellent source for determining what kind of trouble I might get into. ;-) Reply Simon  2017-06-08 18:20 I wonder if the non-retina 21.5" iMac will have the same SO-DIMM slots? I guess the replaceable CPU is a given because apparently Intel does not offer desktop Kaby Lake with BGA (i.e. soldered). Reply Scott Randell  2017-06-09 15:13 Hey Adam, the hardware part of the announcements were of little interest to me. Mostly because of the price points. The average user will not need an iMac Pro, nor could they justify paying for it. The price points on the regular iMac are ridiculous. The 27 inch with 512 GB SSD is a much better value than the 21 inch with the same add ons. Especially when you consider you can install extra 8 GB of ram yourself for about $60.00 vs the $200.00 Apple charges. With the same add ons the 27 inch is only $260.00 more than the 21 inch. Unless space is a consideration the 27 inch is a much better value, and you can add more ram down the road. I personally hope they come out with a reasonably priced user upgradable tower you can buy as much or as little as you need. Regards to all Tidbits staff. Reply David   2017-06-09 15:45 "The average user will not need an iMac Pro, nor could they justify paying for it" Er...yes? I don't think it's particularly aimed at the average user. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. As part of the announcement-heavy WWDC keynote, Apple has revved the iMac line with Intel’s 7th-generation Kaby Lake CPUs, higher performance graphics, brighter screens, and faster SSDs. The MacBook and MacBook Pro also get new CPUs, the MacBook becomes more expandable, and the MacBook Air receives a small speed bump. The most unexpected news, however, was the announcement of the iMac Pro, due in December 2017. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Stop that, it’s silly Home Hardware Intel’s 18-core CPU and, er, other exciting stuff By Jeremy Laird on June 8th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit As I was saying, an 18-core CPU is obviously irrelevant for PC gaming. Actually, I was speaking then of AMD’s then-staggering 16-core Threadripper CPU. Two weeks later, Threadripper is already ancient news. It’s been comprehensively gazumped by a new 18-core CPU from Intel and suddenly the PC hardware landscape looks a little potty. I know I’ve been bleating for literally years about Intel’s sandbagging and how we needed AMD to spice things up. But this is a bit ridiculous. Be careful what you ask for… First and foremost, this is a developing situation. Just two weeks ago, it seemed Intel was all set to unleash its first 12-core desktop CPU. Now the ante has been upped to fully 18 cores in an official announcement for the Computex tech fest in Taiwan. But the announcement was unusual in that it included some fully fleshed out details, including the full model names of the new chips along with core and thread counts, but excluded other critical items such as clockspeeds and power consumption ratings. It’s pure speculation on my behalf, but this feels to me like a very last-minute response to AMD’s CPU roll outs of late. Anywho, the short version of this rather unusual story is that Intel is wheeling out no fewer than nine new processors for its equally new high-end platform, the latter composed of, again, a new socket in the form of LGA2066 and yet more newness courtesy of the X299 chipset. Topping things off is the Core i9 (yup, the i9 family is new, too) 7980XE with 18 cores and 36 threads, but no known clockspeeds for now. It’s yours for $1,999 or very likely a painfully similar figure preceeded by a pound sign and is almost certainly irrelevant to all of us. Ryzen 9 begat Core i9 Intel, of course, has long had the ability to fire out this kind of CPU. It has offered Xeon CPUs with almost countless cores for several generations. But it has taken AMD to finally force its hand. How many of these CPus get sold into the high-end desktop market, I’m not sure. My sense is that chips like the 7980XE are as much or possibly more about ensuring bragging rights for Intel as actually generating sales revenue. The i9 line up also includes a range of nearly but not quite as exotic 16, 14, 12 and 10-core chips, the last of which seems almost accessible by comparison at $999. But it’s really the new core i7 models that are gamer-relevant. The new eight-core Core i7-7820X clocks in at $599 and has very healthy clockspeeds of 3.6GHz base, 4.3GHz Turbo and 4.5GHz Turbo 3.0 (that’s a special Turbo mode that actively determines which cores are capable of running at the highest stable frequency). If you can afford it, that does rather seem to offer a pretty comprehensive combo of single-threaded frequency and multi-core parallelism that should make light work of pretty much any game for a few years to come. But I’d say it’s the new Core i7-7800X that’s most interesting. It’s not exactly cheap at $389, but it is Intel’s most affordable six-core CPU yet and offers a decent Turbo speed of 4GHz. Certainly, it would be a tough choice between the 7800X and the lower end of AMD’s eight-core Ryzen 7 family. AMD still offers better value, to be sure. But Intel is at least more competitive at that rough price point. I count 20 cores. Like I said, a developing situation… As for the oddball Core i7-7740X and Core i5-7640X will sit in the bottom two rungs of Intel’s new LGA2066 range, I’m not sure what to make of them. My understanding is that they are the existing Kaby Lake quad-core CPU dies, as seen in the Core i7-7700K and Core i5-7600K for the mainstream LGA1151 socket, but rewired for LGA2066 and with the integrated graphics disabled. At $339 and $242 respectively, they’re price parity with their LGA1151 cousins – at least at pre-announcement pricing for the existing pair – though they offer very slightly higher baseclocks but not Turbo speeds. The only way I can see to make sense of them is as gateway CPUs for the LGA2066 platform. In other words, they help keep the overall up-front cost of upgrading to an LGA2066 PC under control and allow a future upgrade path to those big core count CPUs. As things stand right now, then, these latest developments from Intel and AMD arguably don’t have much direct impact on the choices most gamers must make when configuring a new PC. All the 10-core and beyond models are arguably too much money for far too little gaming relevance. Ermegerd, so many pins…er pads! Even Intel’s new six and eight-core CPUs are probably too pricey for the majority. Meanwhile, the new Intel quad-core models come with some expensive baggage in terms of requiring an X299 motherboard. In other words, the real-world choice remains that of Intel’s existing Core i5 and Core i7 chips for the LGA1151 socket, which offer the safest bet for ensuring good gaming performance in this very here-and-now, or AMD’s Ryzen 5 and Ryzen 7s, which are clearly better value and might well prove more future proof thanks to offering more affordable six and eight-core options. Like I said, the situation is developing fast. I fully expect to see Intel add a six-core chip for its mainstream LGA1151 socket later this year and I’m hoping that will be part of a further re-jigging of prices that will see six cores slot in where Intel’s best quad-core chips currently reside in the price lists and those in turn become yet more accessible. Things are moving in the right direction, then. But I’d be holding out just a little longer to see how things develop later this year before pulling the trigger on that new gaming rig. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 31 Comments 08/06/2017 at 21:35 causticnl says: If I can the talk Linuxtech had was very informative, and shows what absolute mess currently the new chipset and socket is. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:46 Buuurr says: It is always fun to see the cattle flock to the sound of the farmer. One who is not of the herd cannot help but be fascinated by the blind obedience and trust. In short, the chips are not released yet. Intel has most always NOT been a disappointment in their releases. There is no evidence that this will be any different. What we have are fan boys with empty pockets crying yet again. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:25 Phasma Felis says: I don’t really have a dog in this fight, but wow do you sound like a pompous jerk. Do you use the word “sheeple” unironically? In my experience, the only people who rush to call people fanboys are other fanboys. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:06 Blasg says: Yep, definitely a jerk. Pompous or not Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 21:57 Tyrmot says: My next chip will be an AMD (for the first time) Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 09:14 Czrly says: I’d hate to say that my next chip will be AMD but, right now, I could not buy another Intel one. I bought an i7 7700k a few weeks ago and it is truly junk. The speeds are fine but the quality-control is rubbish and the thing is impossible to cool – even at stock clocks and voltages. Quite simply, you can put a great water block on top of it and all you have done is waste your money – the heat simply doesn’t get from the silicon to the copper fast enough because the bean-counters at Intel have cut costs in the manufacturing process of the heat-spreader and whatever gunk lies between it and the die. 28 degrees idle to 100 degrees at load in under 2 seconds – not overclocked! The chip is throttled at 100. Cut the load and the temperature falls almost instantly to 30 again showing that the external cooling is just fine. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 14:03 Person of Interest says: I’m aware of the inconsistent voltage/power consumption on the Kaby Lake K-series, but if your processor spikes to 100C in two seconds, there is almost certainly something wrong with your cooling mount and/or motherboard voltage settings. The drop back to 30C is not strong evidence that the cooler is mounted correctly. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:08 brucethemoose says: Xeons work in desktop motherboards, but ya’ll already know that. What most people don’t know is that single socket Xeons (previously branded as E5-1xxx) are generally overclockable. For example, when the i7-4960X was supposedly the baddest kid on the block, you could buy a 8C E5-1680v2 and overclock it. It even had better thermal properties, as it used a huge 12-core die with 4 cores disabled (whereas the 4960X used a small 6 core die). So, while it will probably be a weird OEM SKU us mere mortals can’t buy (as was the case with Haswell/Broadwell), an unlocked 24 core+ Skylake-e monster could exist. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:26 Jokerme says: If you buy a Xeon to overclock it, you are doing something wrong. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:49 Buuurr says: Why? Explain? Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:35 brucethemoose says: Try telling that to happy SR-2 owners :P Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:10 Banks says: Despite the slower clocks and the high dependence on faster RAM, ZEN cpus are outstanding. IMO, they are so good that building with Intel right now is a mistake. Intel could have reacted to this in many ways, but I think they have done it in the worst possible way. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:35 KaiUno says: Price parity would’ve killed the Ryzen dead. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:17 sandineyes says: If I were in a position to make a new build, the $599 i7-7820X would seem to be the best of the line-up for the price. The cheaper skylake-sp lacks the fancy new Turbo Boost, and the clock rates are not great if you are in it for gaming. The $999 part seems to just have more cores and pci-e lanes. I’m not sure what the purpose of the Kaby Lake-X parts are, except perhaps to offer an entry point into the platform. You don’t get the four channel memory, nor increased pci-e lanes, nor the Turbo Boost 3.0, nor the AVX-512 instructions. Seems like it would be better to wait for Coffee Lake. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:23 Don Reba says: I would really like to see a Threadripper vs Skylake-X benchmark making the most of available AVX instructions. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:48 ravenshrike says: Here’s the problem for Intel. The boards for X299 are probably going to start at around 200 dollars. Whereas you can get the 6 core Ryzen part and an overclockable motherboard for all of 320 bucks, 300 if you’re willing to go small form factor. This vs figure almost double for the 6 core Skylake-X and mobo. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:53 Buuurr says: The problem you are siting has never been a problem for Intel. They hold 80% of the market share for processors. They have held this share for a good 15-20 years now. AMD has always been the cheap alternative, as it is the case now. The status quo has in no shape or form changed. How could this be defined as a problem for Intel? From a business standpoint it is off to the market as usual. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 09:41 phuzz says: The Athlon64 was the cheap alternative sure, but it was also faster and cooler than anything Intel had at the same time. Another plus for AMD in my book is that I can buy mid-range CPUs without integrated graphics. I’ve got a graphics card, I don’t need to waste money on integrated graphics I’m never going to use (except when my GPU broke, I admit it was handy then). Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:46 GettCouped says: You are incorrect. The AMD design is actually a big win for business. AMD is using infinity fabric to link multiple clusters together to make a coherent processor with near perfect scalability. What does that mean? They basically link 4 8 core r7s together to make a 32 core 64 thread monster that performs better than anything Intel has, at a cheaper price, with better TDP, at incredible yields. Intel is in some serious trouble. Watch this video and learn something. link to youtu.be Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:06 racccoon says: Actually this is briliant news for PC players & users as we had a massive slump many years ago where nothing was happening and we lumbered with a tech that we thought would never evolve much. This has awakened that sleep and made it more greater than before and the future of the PC is still alive as long their is competitiveness and technological advances. I love Intel for their dedicated hard work. I love Nvidia for their dedicated hard work. all the rest are nags just helping the top two go faster. thanks nags.. p.s. boooo to consoles lol Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:33 Tuidjy says: I know a few definitions for carper bagging, and I cannot see any way any of them can match your use in the third sentence. It clearly has nothing to do with luggage or the American South. I cannot have anything to do with newcomers, because Intel has been around forever, and were founded explicitly to do what they have always done, i.e. they did not move or switch targets for a underhanded gain. And I finally, I even looked up the British meaning, which I knew was different from the American ones, and I cannot see how Intel is trying to demutualize any company. So how are Intel carper bagging? Arguably, someone could think that the processor scene needs some carpetbaggers, but Intel cannot play that role. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:48 ravenshrike says: Pretty sure he meant sandbagging. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:53 ooshp says: Pretty sure he meant Intel is acting like a steak stuffed with oysters. Log in to Reply 10/06/2017 at 00:19 Jeremy Laird says: I did and you may claim your £5. Or something. Would it help if I said I’ve been under a lot of strain recently? I mean, I haven’t, but would it help if I said I have?! :D Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:22 robotslave says: You know, there might be a few budget-constrained game developers reading your little web site here. And for them, this news is anything but irrelevant (particularly if they’re keen on Agile-type methodologies with tight build/test cycles). Give it a little time, and the impact might even make it all the way to the people who play the games those readers build… Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:58 braven5 says: Seem all the majour people in the tech community like Linus and Jay2cents among many others are very upset at Intel and backing AMD for the high end productivity stuff, this guy kinda covers the technical reason for it link to youtube.com Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 08:45 Dudeface says: RE. the Intel die shot – if you look closely you’ll notice the 2nd in from the left ‘core’ in both the top and bottom rows is actually different. So possibly the MCC die does top out at 18 cores? Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:27 The Almighty Moo says: I’ve been watching these with baited breath- holding off for a new computer for some time now and just as I got in a place to do it Jeremy started recommending holding off. Story of my life, but does give me something to look forward to. Just say the word Mr. Laird! Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 12:22 aircool says: My PC is 5 years old (albeit with a GTX 970) and still does the job, but there’s no doubt I should be looking to get a new one. Unfortunately, there hasn’t been any significant improvements to CPU’s (still got an i5-3750K) to justify a whole new mobo/CPU/RAM upgrade. I thought that intel might have something to offer this year (tick-tock and all that), but there’s nothing that warrants justifies the cost. So, it looks like another year of my GFX card being throttled by the CPU in many games (despite those games being perfectly playable on high settings). One thing that does confuse me though is the i5 vs i7 debate. Some people say that hyper threading is important for games, other say that it’s not worth the extra money. That’s probably another reason why I’m holding off, I don’t want to get an i5 only to find out I need an i7 (or an i7 only to find it’s surplus to requirements). Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 16:07 Soapeh says: Yep, I’m in a similar boat. I’ve had an OC’d 2500k @ 4.4Ghz for the last 5 years and it’s showing signs of age when paired with my 980 trying to run on a gsync monitor. At high refresh rates the Sandy Bridges are seemingly bottlenecking the performance but I suppose I’ll have to hold out longer to see what these new platforms will offer. I had eyed up the 7700k for the crazy single-thread performance at 4.5Ghz but now it seems wise to check out the competition between Intel and AMD. Log in to Reply 10/06/2017 at 00:19 tormeh says: I recently underclocked my CPU (FX 8350) to 1GHz just to see what cores games would use. Surprisingly enough, games remained playable but with significant stutter. Anyway, many AA games never needed more than 4 cores even at that clock. Even among AAA games it was rare to find a game that could use more than 6. If you buy an 8 core your 2017 games will never really have any threads competing for a core. Sure, there will probably be more than one thread per core, but no more than 8 of those threads will use significant processor time. 6 cores seems to me to be the sweet spot right now. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature, graphics, Hardware, intel, Intel Core i9, Intel LGA2066, Intel X299, week in tech. Search for clues News and things Mad Catz files for bankruptcy Nine lives run out eventually Nvidia’s new $700 1080 Ti in theory beats $1200 Titan X 35% faster than a 1080 ZeniMax seek injunction shutting down Oculus SDK Oh gosh! “We’re building 3 full VR games, not experiments”- Valve Believes huge tech improvements incoming And much more… The Top Best Bestest Games Of 2017 So Far 43 absolute gems Football Manager 2017 pass-and-save diary, part one: A game of four halves Four players, one manager Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber basilisk : “I wouldn't say that. It really is a replacement.” on Best PC gaming deals of the week elevown : “You are forgetting his initial criteria. 'We only have time to rescue one game from ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 robby5566 : “Oof I dunno about this one man. We're talking about the year of FFVII, Dungeon ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 Slazia : “Maybe get Assetto Corsa instead if you haven't already.” on Project Cars 2 racing out on September 22 elevown : “I really remember this game as being fantastic though It's been so long I forgot ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time On Prey's Ending Deceitful yet meaninful The Flare Path: Row Boats Meet Mare Nostrum Best PC Gaming Deals Of The Week Find yourself a bargain Intel’s 18-core CPU and, er, other exciting stuff Stop that, it’s silly Unknown Pleasures: 10 of the best new Steam games More diamonds in the rough Can Videogames Teach You Programming? And which games might do it... Have You Played... Middle-Earth: Shadow Of Mordor? Where's my nemesis?! My first (and only) kill in PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Beach house The Bestest Best Games Of 2016 So Far A bonus bestest best! E3 is as close as this industry gets to Eurovision I'm really looking forward to it Have You Played... Batman: Arkham Knight? Deploy BatFranchise The 15 Best Space Games Be pilots, pirates and space truckers. Premature Evaluation: Production Line You can have any genre as long as its Sim Police Stories has a free alpha and a lot of potential Questions later Pip And Alice's Sims 4 House (Alice Is A Jerk) Living next door to Alice Have You Played... Dead Space? Isaac Yankem The Pipwick Papers Politics, pop music and and paired fonts All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 5909 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 0.948% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Iowa Ag News Headlines Iowa Youth Awarded at International Science and Engineering Fair Iowa Ag Connection - 06/09/2017 Three Iowa youth received third-place awards at the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair in Los Angeles, Calif. Eight Iowa students were awarded the opportunity to attend or participate in the international event at the State Science and Technology Fair of Iowa held in March. SSTFI is an Iowa State University Extension and Outreach 4-H Youth Development Program event. Intel ISEF is the world's largest high school science research competition, with over 1700 promising young scientists and mathematicians who competed with over seven million young people prior to attending ISEF. JJ Kapur was awarded third place in the Behavioral and Social Sciences division for his entry The Turban Myth. Kapur is currently a high school junior at Valley High School in West Des Moines, Iowa. Competing at the Intel International Science and Engineering fair was an incredible experience, said Kapur, It was truly a breath of fresh air to meet 2,000 of the best and brightest high school students from around the globe. Paranav Chhaliyil of Maharishi School was awarded third place in the Microbiology division for Next-Gen Sequencing Anaylysis of Dental Biofilm Microbiome upon Gifts Nano Charcoal Cleaning. Aaron Wills of Central Lee High School was awarded third place in Environmental Engineering for Engineered Environmental Containment: Using Lemna Minor L to Reduce Nitrate Levels in Aquatic Environments. Mike Anderson, ISU Extension and Outreach 4-H Youth program specialist for Science, Technology, Engineering and Math, explained that students qualify to attend the Intel ISEF by being named finalists at ISEF-affiliated science fairs such as the Iowa event. The Intel ISEF gives students the opportunity to present their projects, submit them for judging by scientists and meet other students from around the nation and the world with similar aspirations in science and technology. Educational programs focusing on the topics of science, technology, engineering and math education have always been an integral part of the Iowa 4-H Youth Development Program. ISU Extension and Outreach sponsors the State Science and Technology Fair every year, giving students the ability to showcase their projects and earn the chance to compete at the Intel ISEF. Send this article to a friend Other Iowa Headlines Iowa Water Summary Shows Normal Conditions into June USDA Helps Expand Rural Broadband in Four States Monarch Butterfly and Wetland Field Day June 14 Iowan Selected by NASA for Astronaut Class Outside-the-Jar Recipes Inspire Families to Use Honey Mid-America Firms Post Healthy Activity; Data Security Issues Raised Yankee Doodle Drive Against Hunger Launched Copyright © 2017 - USAgNet.com. All Rights Reserved.
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Stop that, it’s silly Home Hardware Intel’s 18-core CPU and, er, other exciting stuff By Jeremy Laird on June 8th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit As I was saying, an 18-core CPU is obviously irrelevant for PC gaming. Actually, I was speaking then of AMD’s then-staggering 16-core Threadripper CPU. Two weeks later, Threadripper is already ancient news. It’s been comprehensively gazumped by a new 18-core CPU from Intel and suddenly the PC hardware landscape looks a little potty. I know I’ve been bleating for literally years about Intel’s sandbagging and how we needed AMD to spice things up. But this is a bit ridiculous. Be careful what you ask for… First and foremost, this is a developing situation. Just two weeks ago, it seemed Intel was all set to unleash its first 12-core desktop CPU. Now the ante has been upped to fully 18 cores in an official announcement for the Computex tech fest in Taiwan. But the announcement was unusual in that it included some fully fleshed out details, including the full model names of the new chips along with core and thread counts, but excluded other critical items such as clockspeeds and power consumption ratings. It’s pure speculation on my behalf, but this feels to me like a very last-minute response to AMD’s CPU roll outs of late. Anywho, the short version of this rather unusual story is that Intel is wheeling out no fewer than nine new processors for its equally new high-end platform, the latter composed of, again, a new socket in the form of LGA2066 and yet more newness courtesy of the X299 chipset. Topping things off is the Core i9 (yup, the i9 family is new, too) 7980XE with 18 cores and 36 threads, but no known clockspeeds for now. It’s yours for $1,999 or very likely a painfully similar figure preceeded by a pound sign and is almost certainly irrelevant to all of us. Ryzen 9 begat Core i9 Intel, of course, has long had the ability to fire out this kind of CPU. It has offered Xeon CPUs with almost countless cores for several generations. But it has taken AMD to finally force its hand. How many of these CPus get sold into the high-end desktop market, I’m not sure. My sense is that chips like the 7980XE are as much or possibly more about ensuring bragging rights for Intel as actually generating sales revenue. The i9 line up also includes a range of nearly but not quite as exotic 16, 14, 12 and 10-core chips, the last of which seems almost accessible by comparison at $999. But it’s really the new core i7 models that are gamer-relevant. The new eight-core Core i7-7820X clocks in at $599 and has very healthy clockspeeds of 3.6GHz base, 4.3GHz Turbo and 4.5GHz Turbo 3.0 (that’s a special Turbo mode that actively determines which cores are capable of running at the highest stable frequency). If you can afford it, that does rather seem to offer a pretty comprehensive combo of single-threaded frequency and multi-core parallelism that should make light work of pretty much any game for a few years to come. But I’d say it’s the new Core i7-7800X that’s most interesting. It’s not exactly cheap at $389, but it is Intel’s most affordable six-core CPU yet and offers a decent Turbo speed of 4GHz. Certainly, it would be a tough choice between the 7800X and the lower end of AMD’s eight-core Ryzen 7 family. AMD still offers better value, to be sure. But Intel is at least more competitive at that rough price point. I count 20 cores. Like I said, a developing situation… As for the oddball Core i7-7740X and Core i5-7640X will sit in the bottom two rungs of Intel’s new LGA2066 range, I’m not sure what to make of them. My understanding is that they are the existing Kaby Lake quad-core CPU dies, as seen in the Core i7-7700K and Core i5-7600K for the mainstream LGA1151 socket, but rewired for LGA2066 and with the integrated graphics disabled. At $339 and $242 respectively, they’re price parity with their LGA1151 cousins – at least at pre-announcement pricing for the existing pair – though they offer very slightly higher baseclocks but not Turbo speeds. The only way I can see to make sense of them is as gateway CPUs for the LGA2066 platform. In other words, they help keep the overall up-front cost of upgrading to an LGA2066 PC under control and allow a future upgrade path to those big core count CPUs. As things stand right now, then, these latest developments from Intel and AMD arguably don’t have much direct impact on the choices most gamers must make when configuring a new PC. All the 10-core and beyond models are arguably too much money for far too little gaming relevance. Ermegerd, so many pins…er pads! Even Intel’s new six and eight-core CPUs are probably too pricey for the majority. Meanwhile, the new Intel quad-core models come with some expensive baggage in terms of requiring an X299 motherboard. In other words, the real-world choice remains that of Intel’s existing Core i5 and Core i7 chips for the LGA1151 socket, which offer the safest bet for ensuring good gaming performance in this very here-and-now, or AMD’s Ryzen 5 and Ryzen 7s, which are clearly better value and might well prove more future proof thanks to offering more affordable six and eight-core options. Like I said, the situation is developing fast. I fully expect to see Intel add a six-core chip for its mainstream LGA1151 socket later this year and I’m hoping that will be part of a further re-jigging of prices that will see six cores slot in where Intel’s best quad-core chips currently reside in the price lists and those in turn become yet more accessible. Things are moving in the right direction, then. But I’d be holding out just a little longer to see how things develop later this year before pulling the trigger on that new gaming rig. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 31 Comments 08/06/2017 at 21:35 causticnl says: If I can the talk Linuxtech had was very informative, and shows what absolute mess currently the new chipset and socket is. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:46 Buuurr says: It is always fun to see the cattle flock to the sound of the farmer. One who is not of the herd cannot help but be fascinated by the blind obedience and trust. In short, the chips are not released yet. Intel has most always NOT been a disappointment in their releases. There is no evidence that this will be any different. What we have are fan boys with empty pockets crying yet again. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:25 Phasma Felis says: I don’t really have a dog in this fight, but wow do you sound like a pompous jerk. Do you use the word “sheeple” unironically? In my experience, the only people who rush to call people fanboys are other fanboys. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:06 Blasg says: Yep, definitely a jerk. Pompous or not Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 21:57 Tyrmot says: My next chip will be an AMD (for the first time) Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 09:14 Czrly says: I’d hate to say that my next chip will be AMD but, right now, I could not buy another Intel one. I bought an i7 7700k a few weeks ago and it is truly junk. The speeds are fine but the quality-control is rubbish and the thing is impossible to cool – even at stock clocks and voltages. Quite simply, you can put a great water block on top of it and all you have done is waste your money – the heat simply doesn’t get from the silicon to the copper fast enough because the bean-counters at Intel have cut costs in the manufacturing process of the heat-spreader and whatever gunk lies between it and the die. 28 degrees idle to 100 degrees at load in under 2 seconds – not overclocked! The chip is throttled at 100. Cut the load and the temperature falls almost instantly to 30 again showing that the external cooling is just fine. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 14:03 Person of Interest says: I’m aware of the inconsistent voltage/power consumption on the Kaby Lake K-series, but if your processor spikes to 100C in two seconds, there is almost certainly something wrong with your cooling mount and/or motherboard voltage settings. The drop back to 30C is not strong evidence that the cooler is mounted correctly. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:08 brucethemoose says: Xeons work in desktop motherboards, but ya’ll already know that. What most people don’t know is that single socket Xeons (previously branded as E5-1xxx) are generally overclockable. For example, when the i7-4960X was supposedly the baddest kid on the block, you could buy a 8C E5-1680v2 and overclock it. It even had better thermal properties, as it used a huge 12-core die with 4 cores disabled (whereas the 4960X used a small 6 core die). So, while it will probably be a weird OEM SKU us mere mortals can’t buy (as was the case with Haswell/Broadwell), an unlocked 24 core+ Skylake-e monster could exist. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:26 Jokerme says: If you buy a Xeon to overclock it, you are doing something wrong. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:49 Buuurr says: Why? Explain? Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:35 brucethemoose says: Try telling that to happy SR-2 owners :P Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:10 Banks says: Despite the slower clocks and the high dependence on faster RAM, ZEN cpus are outstanding. IMO, they are so good that building with Intel right now is a mistake. Intel could have reacted to this in many ways, but I think they have done it in the worst possible way. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:35 KaiUno says: Price parity would’ve killed the Ryzen dead. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:17 sandineyes says: If I were in a position to make a new build, the $599 i7-7820X would seem to be the best of the line-up for the price. The cheaper skylake-sp lacks the fancy new Turbo Boost, and the clock rates are not great if you are in it for gaming. The $999 part seems to just have more cores and pci-e lanes. I’m not sure what the purpose of the Kaby Lake-X parts are, except perhaps to offer an entry point into the platform. You don’t get the four channel memory, nor increased pci-e lanes, nor the Turbo Boost 3.0, nor the AVX-512 instructions. Seems like it would be better to wait for Coffee Lake. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:23 Don Reba says: I would really like to see a Threadripper vs Skylake-X benchmark making the most of available AVX instructions. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:48 ravenshrike says: Here’s the problem for Intel. The boards for X299 are probably going to start at around 200 dollars. Whereas you can get the 6 core Ryzen part and an overclockable motherboard for all of 320 bucks, 300 if you’re willing to go small form factor. This vs figure almost double for the 6 core Skylake-X and mobo. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:53 Buuurr says: The problem you are siting has never been a problem for Intel. They hold 80% of the market share for processors. They have held this share for a good 15-20 years now. AMD has always been the cheap alternative, as it is the case now. The status quo has in no shape or form changed. How could this be defined as a problem for Intel? From a business standpoint it is off to the market as usual. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 09:41 phuzz says: The Athlon64 was the cheap alternative sure, but it was also faster and cooler than anything Intel had at the same time. Another plus for AMD in my book is that I can buy mid-range CPUs without integrated graphics. I’ve got a graphics card, I don’t need to waste money on integrated graphics I’m never going to use (except when my GPU broke, I admit it was handy then). Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:46 GettCouped says: You are incorrect. The AMD design is actually a big win for business. AMD is using infinity fabric to link multiple clusters together to make a coherent processor with near perfect scalability. What does that mean? They basically link 4 8 core r7s together to make a 32 core 64 thread monster that performs better than anything Intel has, at a cheaper price, with better TDP, at incredible yields. Intel is in some serious trouble. Watch this video and learn something. link to youtu.be Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:06 racccoon says: Actually this is briliant news for PC players & users as we had a massive slump many years ago where nothing was happening and we lumbered with a tech that we thought would never evolve much. This has awakened that sleep and made it more greater than before and the future of the PC is still alive as long their is competitiveness and technological advances. I love Intel for their dedicated hard work. I love Nvidia for their dedicated hard work. all the rest are nags just helping the top two go faster. thanks nags.. p.s. boooo to consoles lol Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:33 Tuidjy says: I know a few definitions for carper bagging, and I cannot see any way any of them can match your use in the third sentence. It clearly has nothing to do with luggage or the American South. I cannot have anything to do with newcomers, because Intel has been around forever, and were founded explicitly to do what they have always done, i.e. they did not move or switch targets for a underhanded gain. And I finally, I even looked up the British meaning, which I knew was different from the American ones, and I cannot see how Intel is trying to demutualize any company. So how are Intel carper bagging? Arguably, someone could think that the processor scene needs some carpetbaggers, but Intel cannot play that role. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:48 ravenshrike says: Pretty sure he meant sandbagging. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:53 ooshp says: Pretty sure he meant Intel is acting like a steak stuffed with oysters. Log in to Reply 10/06/2017 at 00:19 Jeremy Laird says: I did and you may claim your £5. Or something. Would it help if I said I’ve been under a lot of strain recently? I mean, I haven’t, but would it help if I said I have?! :D Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:22 robotslave says: You know, there might be a few budget-constrained game developers reading your little web site here. And for them, this news is anything but irrelevant (particularly if they’re keen on Agile-type methodologies with tight build/test cycles). Give it a little time, and the impact might even make it all the way to the people who play the games those readers build… Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:58 braven5 says: Seem all the majour people in the tech community like Linus and Jay2cents among many others are very upset at Intel and backing AMD for the high end productivity stuff, this guy kinda covers the technical reason for it link to youtube.com Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 08:45 Dudeface says: RE. the Intel die shot – if you look closely you’ll notice the 2nd in from the left ‘core’ in both the top and bottom rows is actually different. So possibly the MCC die does top out at 18 cores? Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:27 The Almighty Moo says: I’ve been watching these with baited breath- holding off for a new computer for some time now and just as I got in a place to do it Jeremy started recommending holding off. Story of my life, but does give me something to look forward to. Just say the word Mr. Laird! Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 12:22 aircool says: My PC is 5 years old (albeit with a GTX 970) and still does the job, but there’s no doubt I should be looking to get a new one. Unfortunately, there hasn’t been any significant improvements to CPU’s (still got an i5-3750K) to justify a whole new mobo/CPU/RAM upgrade. I thought that intel might have something to offer this year (tick-tock and all that), but there’s nothing that warrants justifies the cost. So, it looks like another year of my GFX card being throttled by the CPU in many games (despite those games being perfectly playable on high settings). One thing that does confuse me though is the i5 vs i7 debate. Some people say that hyper threading is important for games, other say that it’s not worth the extra money. That’s probably another reason why I’m holding off, I don’t want to get an i5 only to find out I need an i7 (or an i7 only to find it’s surplus to requirements). Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 16:07 Soapeh says: Yep, I’m in a similar boat. I’ve had an OC’d 2500k @ 4.4Ghz for the last 5 years and it’s showing signs of age when paired with my 980 trying to run on a gsync monitor. At high refresh rates the Sandy Bridges are seemingly bottlenecking the performance but I suppose I’ll have to hold out longer to see what these new platforms will offer. I had eyed up the 7700k for the crazy single-thread performance at 4.5Ghz but now it seems wise to check out the competition between Intel and AMD. Log in to Reply 10/06/2017 at 00:19 tormeh says: I recently underclocked my CPU (FX 8350) to 1GHz just to see what cores games would use. Surprisingly enough, games remained playable but with significant stutter. Anyway, many AA games never needed more than 4 cores even at that clock. Even among AAA games it was rare to find a game that could use more than 6. If you buy an 8 core your 2017 games will never really have any threads competing for a core. Sure, there will probably be more than one thread per core, but no more than 8 of those threads will use significant processor time. 6 cores seems to me to be the sweet spot right now. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature, graphics, Hardware, intel, Intel Core i9, Intel LGA2066, Intel X299, week in tech. Search for clues News and things Mad Catz files for bankruptcy Nine lives run out eventually Nvidia’s new $700 1080 Ti in theory beats $1200 Titan X 35% faster than a 1080 ZeniMax seek injunction shutting down Oculus SDK Oh gosh! “We’re building 3 full VR games, not experiments”- Valve Believes huge tech improvements incoming And much more… The Top Best Bestest Games Of 2017 So Far 43 absolute gems Football Manager 2017 pass-and-save diary, part one: A game of four halves Four players, one manager Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber basilisk : “I wouldn't say that. It really is a replacement.” on Best PC gaming deals of the week elevown : “You are forgetting his initial criteria. 'We only have time to rescue one game from ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 robby5566 : “Oof I dunno about this one man. We're talking about the year of FFVII, Dungeon ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 Slazia : “Maybe get Assetto Corsa instead if you haven't already.” on Project Cars 2 racing out on September 22 elevown : “I really remember this game as being fantastic though It's been so long I forgot ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time On Prey's Ending Deceitful yet meaninful The Flare Path: Row Boats Meet Mare Nostrum Best PC Gaming Deals Of The Week Find yourself a bargain Intel’s 18-core CPU and, er, other exciting stuff Stop that, it’s silly Unknown Pleasures: 10 of the best new Steam games More diamonds in the rough Can Videogames Teach You Programming? And which games might do it... Have You Played... Middle-Earth: Shadow Of Mordor? Where's my nemesis?! My first (and only) kill in PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Beach house The Bestest Best Games Of 2016 So Far A bonus bestest best! E3 is as close as this industry gets to Eurovision I'm really looking forward to it Have You Played... Batman: Arkham Knight? Deploy BatFranchise The 15 Best Space Games Be pilots, pirates and space truckers. Premature Evaluation: Production Line You can have any genre as long as its Sim Police Stories has a free alpha and a lot of potential Questions later Pip And Alice's Sims 4 House (Alice Is A Jerk) Living next door to Alice Have You Played... Dead Space? Isaac Yankem The Pipwick Papers Politics, pop music and and paired fonts All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 8069 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.101% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Stop that, it’s silly Home Hardware Intel’s 18-core CPU and, er, other exciting stuff By Jeremy Laird on June 8th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit As I was saying, an 18-core CPU is obviously irrelevant for PC gaming. Actually, I was speaking then of AMD’s then-staggering 16-core Threadripper CPU. Two weeks later, Threadripper is already ancient news. It’s been comprehensively gazumped by a new 18-core CPU from Intel and suddenly the PC hardware landscape looks a little potty. I know I’ve been bleating for literally years about Intel’s sandbagging and how we needed AMD to spice things up. But this is a bit ridiculous. Be careful what you ask for… First and foremost, this is a developing situation. Just two weeks ago, it seemed Intel was all set to unleash its first 12-core desktop CPU. Now the ante has been upped to fully 18 cores in an official announcement for the Computex tech fest in Taiwan. But the announcement was unusual in that it included some fully fleshed out details, including the full model names of the new chips along with core and thread counts, but excluded other critical items such as clockspeeds and power consumption ratings. It’s pure speculation on my behalf, but this feels to me like a very last-minute response to AMD’s CPU roll outs of late. Anywho, the short version of this rather unusual story is that Intel is wheeling out no fewer than nine new processors for its equally new high-end platform, the latter composed of, again, a new socket in the form of LGA2066 and yet more newness courtesy of the X299 chipset. Topping things off is the Core i9 (yup, the i9 family is new, too) 7980XE with 18 cores and 36 threads, but no known clockspeeds for now. It’s yours for $1,999 or very likely a painfully similar figure preceeded by a pound sign and is almost certainly irrelevant to all of us. Ryzen 9 begat Core i9 Intel, of course, has long had the ability to fire out this kind of CPU. It has offered Xeon CPUs with almost countless cores for several generations. But it has taken AMD to finally force its hand. How many of these CPus get sold into the high-end desktop market, I’m not sure. My sense is that chips like the 7980XE are as much or possibly more about ensuring bragging rights for Intel as actually generating sales revenue. The i9 line up also includes a range of nearly but not quite as exotic 16, 14, 12 and 10-core chips, the last of which seems almost accessible by comparison at $999. But it’s really the new core i7 models that are gamer-relevant. The new eight-core Core i7-7820X clocks in at $599 and has very healthy clockspeeds of 3.6GHz base, 4.3GHz Turbo and 4.5GHz Turbo 3.0 (that’s a special Turbo mode that actively determines which cores are capable of running at the highest stable frequency). If you can afford it, that does rather seem to offer a pretty comprehensive combo of single-threaded frequency and multi-core parallelism that should make light work of pretty much any game for a few years to come. But I’d say it’s the new Core i7-7800X that’s most interesting. It’s not exactly cheap at $389, but it is Intel’s most affordable six-core CPU yet and offers a decent Turbo speed of 4GHz. Certainly, it would be a tough choice between the 7800X and the lower end of AMD’s eight-core Ryzen 7 family. AMD still offers better value, to be sure. But Intel is at least more competitive at that rough price point. I count 20 cores. Like I said, a developing situation… As for the oddball Core i7-7740X and Core i5-7640X will sit in the bottom two rungs of Intel’s new LGA2066 range, I’m not sure what to make of them. My understanding is that they are the existing Kaby Lake quad-core CPU dies, as seen in the Core i7-7700K and Core i5-7600K for the mainstream LGA1151 socket, but rewired for LGA2066 and with the integrated graphics disabled. At $339 and $242 respectively, they’re price parity with their LGA1151 cousins – at least at pre-announcement pricing for the existing pair – though they offer very slightly higher baseclocks but not Turbo speeds. The only way I can see to make sense of them is as gateway CPUs for the LGA2066 platform. In other words, they help keep the overall up-front cost of upgrading to an LGA2066 PC under control and allow a future upgrade path to those big core count CPUs. As things stand right now, then, these latest developments from Intel and AMD arguably don’t have much direct impact on the choices most gamers must make when configuring a new PC. All the 10-core and beyond models are arguably too much money for far too little gaming relevance. Ermegerd, so many pins…er pads! Even Intel’s new six and eight-core CPUs are probably too pricey for the majority. Meanwhile, the new Intel quad-core models come with some expensive baggage in terms of requiring an X299 motherboard. In other words, the real-world choice remains that of Intel’s existing Core i5 and Core i7 chips for the LGA1151 socket, which offer the safest bet for ensuring good gaming performance in this very here-and-now, or AMD’s Ryzen 5 and Ryzen 7s, which are clearly better value and might well prove more future proof thanks to offering more affordable six and eight-core options. Like I said, the situation is developing fast. I fully expect to see Intel add a six-core chip for its mainstream LGA1151 socket later this year and I’m hoping that will be part of a further re-jigging of prices that will see six cores slot in where Intel’s best quad-core chips currently reside in the price lists and those in turn become yet more accessible. Things are moving in the right direction, then. But I’d be holding out just a little longer to see how things develop later this year before pulling the trigger on that new gaming rig. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 31 Comments 08/06/2017 at 21:35 causticnl says: If I can the talk Linuxtech had was very informative, and shows what absolute mess currently the new chipset and socket is. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:46 Buuurr says: It is always fun to see the cattle flock to the sound of the farmer. One who is not of the herd cannot help but be fascinated by the blind obedience and trust. In short, the chips are not released yet. Intel has most always NOT been a disappointment in their releases. There is no evidence that this will be any different. What we have are fan boys with empty pockets crying yet again. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:25 Phasma Felis says: I don’t really have a dog in this fight, but wow do you sound like a pompous jerk. Do you use the word “sheeple” unironically? In my experience, the only people who rush to call people fanboys are other fanboys. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:06 Blasg says: Yep, definitely a jerk. Pompous or not Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 21:57 Tyrmot says: My next chip will be an AMD (for the first time) Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 09:14 Czrly says: I’d hate to say that my next chip will be AMD but, right now, I could not buy another Intel one. I bought an i7 7700k a few weeks ago and it is truly junk. The speeds are fine but the quality-control is rubbish and the thing is impossible to cool – even at stock clocks and voltages. Quite simply, you can put a great water block on top of it and all you have done is waste your money – the heat simply doesn’t get from the silicon to the copper fast enough because the bean-counters at Intel have cut costs in the manufacturing process of the heat-spreader and whatever gunk lies between it and the die. 28 degrees idle to 100 degrees at load in under 2 seconds – not overclocked! The chip is throttled at 100. Cut the load and the temperature falls almost instantly to 30 again showing that the external cooling is just fine. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 14:03 Person of Interest says: I’m aware of the inconsistent voltage/power consumption on the Kaby Lake K-series, but if your processor spikes to 100C in two seconds, there is almost certainly something wrong with your cooling mount and/or motherboard voltage settings. The drop back to 30C is not strong evidence that the cooler is mounted correctly. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:08 brucethemoose says: Xeons work in desktop motherboards, but ya’ll already know that. What most people don’t know is that single socket Xeons (previously branded as E5-1xxx) are generally overclockable. For example, when the i7-4960X was supposedly the baddest kid on the block, you could buy a 8C E5-1680v2 and overclock it. It even had better thermal properties, as it used a huge 12-core die with 4 cores disabled (whereas the 4960X used a small 6 core die). So, while it will probably be a weird OEM SKU us mere mortals can’t buy (as was the case with Haswell/Broadwell), an unlocked 24 core+ Skylake-e monster could exist. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:26 Jokerme says: If you buy a Xeon to overclock it, you are doing something wrong. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:49 Buuurr says: Why? Explain? Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:35 brucethemoose says: Try telling that to happy SR-2 owners :P Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:10 Banks says: Despite the slower clocks and the high dependence on faster RAM, ZEN cpus are outstanding. IMO, they are so good that building with Intel right now is a mistake. Intel could have reacted to this in many ways, but I think they have done it in the worst possible way. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:35 KaiUno says: Price parity would’ve killed the Ryzen dead. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:17 sandineyes says: If I were in a position to make a new build, the $599 i7-7820X would seem to be the best of the line-up for the price. The cheaper skylake-sp lacks the fancy new Turbo Boost, and the clock rates are not great if you are in it for gaming. The $999 part seems to just have more cores and pci-e lanes. I’m not sure what the purpose of the Kaby Lake-X parts are, except perhaps to offer an entry point into the platform. You don’t get the four channel memory, nor increased pci-e lanes, nor the Turbo Boost 3.0, nor the AVX-512 instructions. Seems like it would be better to wait for Coffee Lake. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:23 Don Reba says: I would really like to see a Threadripper vs Skylake-X benchmark making the most of available AVX instructions. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:48 ravenshrike says: Here’s the problem for Intel. The boards for X299 are probably going to start at around 200 dollars. Whereas you can get the 6 core Ryzen part and an overclockable motherboard for all of 320 bucks, 300 if you’re willing to go small form factor. This vs figure almost double for the 6 core Skylake-X and mobo. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:53 Buuurr says: The problem you are siting has never been a problem for Intel. They hold 80% of the market share for processors. They have held this share for a good 15-20 years now. AMD has always been the cheap alternative, as it is the case now. The status quo has in no shape or form changed. How could this be defined as a problem for Intel? From a business standpoint it is off to the market as usual. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 09:41 phuzz says: The Athlon64 was the cheap alternative sure, but it was also faster and cooler than anything Intel had at the same time. Another plus for AMD in my book is that I can buy mid-range CPUs without integrated graphics. I’ve got a graphics card, I don’t need to waste money on integrated graphics I’m never going to use (except when my GPU broke, I admit it was handy then). Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:46 GettCouped says: You are incorrect. The AMD design is actually a big win for business. AMD is using infinity fabric to link multiple clusters together to make a coherent processor with near perfect scalability. What does that mean? They basically link 4 8 core r7s together to make a 32 core 64 thread monster that performs better than anything Intel has, at a cheaper price, with better TDP, at incredible yields. Intel is in some serious trouble. Watch this video and learn something. link to youtu.be Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:06 racccoon says: Actually this is briliant news for PC players & users as we had a massive slump many years ago where nothing was happening and we lumbered with a tech that we thought would never evolve much. This has awakened that sleep and made it more greater than before and the future of the PC is still alive as long their is competitiveness and technological advances. I love Intel for their dedicated hard work. I love Nvidia for their dedicated hard work. all the rest are nags just helping the top two go faster. thanks nags.. p.s. boooo to consoles lol Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:33 Tuidjy says: I know a few definitions for carper bagging, and I cannot see any way any of them can match your use in the third sentence. It clearly has nothing to do with luggage or the American South. I cannot have anything to do with newcomers, because Intel has been around forever, and were founded explicitly to do what they have always done, i.e. they did not move or switch targets for a underhanded gain. And I finally, I even looked up the British meaning, which I knew was different from the American ones, and I cannot see how Intel is trying to demutualize any company. So how are Intel carper bagging? Arguably, someone could think that the processor scene needs some carpetbaggers, but Intel cannot play that role. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:48 ravenshrike says: Pretty sure he meant sandbagging. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:53 ooshp says: Pretty sure he meant Intel is acting like a steak stuffed with oysters. Log in to Reply 10/06/2017 at 00:19 Jeremy Laird says: I did and you may claim your £5. Or something. Would it help if I said I’ve been under a lot of strain recently? I mean, I haven’t, but would it help if I said I have?! :D Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:22 robotslave says: You know, there might be a few budget-constrained game developers reading your little web site here. And for them, this news is anything but irrelevant (particularly if they’re keen on Agile-type methodologies with tight build/test cycles). Give it a little time, and the impact might even make it all the way to the people who play the games those readers build… Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:58 braven5 says: Seem all the majour people in the tech community like Linus and Jay2cents among many others are very upset at Intel and backing AMD for the high end productivity stuff, this guy kinda covers the technical reason for it link to youtube.com Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 08:45 Dudeface says: RE. the Intel die shot – if you look closely you’ll notice the 2nd in from the left ‘core’ in both the top and bottom rows is actually different. So possibly the MCC die does top out at 18 cores? Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:27 The Almighty Moo says: I’ve been watching these with baited breath- holding off for a new computer for some time now and just as I got in a place to do it Jeremy started recommending holding off. Story of my life, but does give me something to look forward to. Just say the word Mr. Laird! Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 12:22 aircool says: My PC is 5 years old (albeit with a GTX 970) and still does the job, but there’s no doubt I should be looking to get a new one. Unfortunately, there hasn’t been any significant improvements to CPU’s (still got an i5-3750K) to justify a whole new mobo/CPU/RAM upgrade. I thought that intel might have something to offer this year (tick-tock and all that), but there’s nothing that warrants justifies the cost. So, it looks like another year of my GFX card being throttled by the CPU in many games (despite those games being perfectly playable on high settings). One thing that does confuse me though is the i5 vs i7 debate. Some people say that hyper threading is important for games, other say that it’s not worth the extra money. That’s probably another reason why I’m holding off, I don’t want to get an i5 only to find out I need an i7 (or an i7 only to find it’s surplus to requirements). Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 16:07 Soapeh says: Yep, I’m in a similar boat. I’ve had an OC’d 2500k @ 4.4Ghz for the last 5 years and it’s showing signs of age when paired with my 980 trying to run on a gsync monitor. At high refresh rates the Sandy Bridges are seemingly bottlenecking the performance but I suppose I’ll have to hold out longer to see what these new platforms will offer. I had eyed up the 7700k for the crazy single-thread performance at 4.5Ghz but now it seems wise to check out the competition between Intel and AMD. Log in to Reply 10/06/2017 at 00:19 tormeh says: I recently underclocked my CPU (FX 8350) to 1GHz just to see what cores games would use. Surprisingly enough, games remained playable but with significant stutter. Anyway, many AA games never needed more than 4 cores even at that clock. Even among AAA games it was rare to find a game that could use more than 6. If you buy an 8 core your 2017 games will never really have any threads competing for a core. Sure, there will probably be more than one thread per core, but no more than 8 of those threads will use significant processor time. 6 cores seems to me to be the sweet spot right now. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature, graphics, Hardware, intel, Intel Core i9, Intel LGA2066, Intel X299, week in tech. Search for clues News and things Mad Catz files for bankruptcy Nine lives run out eventually Nvidia’s new $700 1080 Ti in theory beats $1200 Titan X 35% faster than a 1080 ZeniMax seek injunction shutting down Oculus SDK Oh gosh! “We’re building 3 full VR games, not experiments”- Valve Believes huge tech improvements incoming And much more… The Top Best Bestest Games Of 2017 So Far 43 absolute gems Football Manager 2017 pass-and-save diary, part one: A game of four halves Four players, one manager Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber basilisk : “I wouldn't say that. It really is a replacement.” on Best PC gaming deals of the week elevown : “You are forgetting his initial criteria. 'We only have time to rescue one game from ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 robby5566 : “Oof I dunno about this one man. We're talking about the year of FFVII, Dungeon ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 Slazia : “Maybe get Assetto Corsa instead if you haven't already.” on Project Cars 2 racing out on September 22 elevown : “I really remember this game as being fantastic though It's been so long I forgot ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time On Prey's Ending Deceitful yet meaninful The Flare Path: Row Boats Meet Mare Nostrum Best PC Gaming Deals Of The Week Find yourself a bargain Intel’s 18-core CPU and, er, other exciting stuff Stop that, it’s silly Unknown Pleasures: 10 of the best new Steam games More diamonds in the rough Can Videogames Teach You Programming? And which games might do it... Have You Played... Middle-Earth: Shadow Of Mordor? Where's my nemesis?! My first (and only) kill in PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Beach house The Bestest Best Games Of 2016 So Far A bonus bestest best! E3 is as close as this industry gets to Eurovision I'm really looking forward to it Have You Played... Batman: Arkham Knight? Deploy BatFranchise The 15 Best Space Games Be pilots, pirates and space truckers. Premature Evaluation: Production Line You can have any genre as long as its Sim Police Stories has a free alpha and a lot of potential Questions later Pip And Alice's Sims 4 House (Alice Is A Jerk) Living next door to Alice Have You Played... Dead Space? Isaac Yankem The Pipwick Papers Politics, pop music and and paired fonts All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 8069 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.101% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Home | Reviews | Guides | Contest | Case Gallery | Newsletter | IRC Chat | Forums Community Donate to OCC [email protected] [email protected] Misc. Areas About Us Employment Overclocking FAQ OCC Clothing Follow Us! Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Feeds Google Currents Welcome Stranger to OCC!Login | Register ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Review ccokeman    -   June 9, 2017 Category: Motherboards Price: $568 » Discuss this article (1) More ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Introduction: The Rampage series of motherboards have long been synonymous with the best of the best when it comes to Intel Extreme Edition motherboards. The past history has shown this to be true in the opinions of many, thanks to the enhancements, software package, and the rock solid hardware on board. From the Extreme Engine Digi+ VRM to the world class UEFI BIOS, the Rampage series come loaded for bear. This version, the ROG Rampage V Edition 10, is the latest board in ASUS' X99-based product stack and is no slouch when it comes to the build quality and enhancements. As RGB lighting is a strong feature set now, ASUS has equipped this board with a ton of RGB LED functionality from top to bottom and side to side. As the 10th Anniversary of the ROG brand, this board comes packed with a ton of accessories, including a SupremeFX External DAC to provide the end user with the best possible sound solution in a single package. The $568 price point makes this board just about the most expensive X99 board on the market. Let's see if the tricks, tools, and accessories all add up to one stellar motherboard for your Broadwell-E processor.  ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Closer Look: The front of the packaging is a bit understated, but gets the message across that this version of the Rampage V is something special. Picking up the box reinforces that thought, as this box has some serious heft for a motherboard box. The front is all black with a simple 10th Anniversary logo located dead center of the front panel, wiith the supported processors and GPUs listed along the bottom edge.The back side shows off the front and back side views of the motherboard, with some, but not all, of the heature set listed, including AURA Lighting, SupremeFX Hi-Fi, Extreme Engine Digi +, and WiFi GO. A different take visually to be sure, but once you start digging into what ASUS brings to the table, you start counting the ways that this board is something special to justify its price point.      Inside the box are two layers that include the board on the top level, with the accessory bundle taking up the tray underneath. As a halo ROG offering, the Rampage V Edition 10 comes with a substantial accessory bundle that takes advantage of the build out on the board. The soft parts include the user's manual, driver and software disc, data cable labels, fan hub decals, and some ROG 10th anniversary drink coasters. The hard parts include the usual suspects, including data cables using both straight and 90 degree ends, Q-Connector, a new Q-Shield frame, CPU installation tool, and a 3x3 dual-band 2.4/5GHz antenna for up to 1300 Mbit/s wireless transfer speeds. Additionally, you get  2-Way, 3-Way, and 4-Way SLI Bridge connectors; an ROG themed flash drive that contains the whole of the software package for the board including drivers and applications; thermisters for some pointed thermal monitoring; and an external fan header that can run an additional four Fan Xpert 4 controllable fans. The SupremeFX Hi-Fi DAC is an add on that ups the sound game of the Rampage V Edition 10. Powered by a 6-pin PCie power connection, the signalling is transferred via USB to the unit that mounts in a 5.25-inch drive bay. The front of the device has a microphone input and 3.5mm and 6.3mm sound outputs.           Instead of the usual red or silver accents seen on previous ROG boards, the ROG Rampage V Edition 10 is all black with a hint of orange. The only clue that something is a bit different are the clear clips on the Safe Slot equipped Q-Slots and the orange coloring on the PCH heat sink. As a black board, the Rampage V Edition 10 is the perfect back drop for all the AURA controlled RGB lighting features with accents on the Q-Slots, PCH heat sink, and around the right side of the PCB. Designed for use with Intel's Broadwell-E processors, like the Core i7 6950X, and DDR4 memory, the board uses ASUS' own 2011-v3 OC socket with additional pins that help overclocking both the CPU and DRAM.  A plastic shroud covers the I/O connectivity and the SupremeFX sound solution, creating a strong visual on the board. The back side of the board is covered with a robust  bracket that holds the AURA controlled LED lighting and supports the extended section of the custom PCB.  As an EATX form factor board, the Rampage V Edition 10 is a bit wider than an ATX form factor board, but uses the same ATX form factor mounting. This brace eliminates the flex on the unsupported section of the board.      First up, we start with the rear I/O area. What we see here is a step away from the field with a I/O plate already installed on the board to eliminate, for the most part, the I/O shield. It is still included in the accessory bundle, but is just a frame. It's an interesting take on eliminating the I/O shield. Up top are the Clear CMOS and USB BIOS Flashback buttons. This USB BIOS Flashback button is used to flash the BIOS with minimal hardware loaded into the motherboard. Rear connectivity starts with a quartet of X99 PCH-controlled USB 3.0 ports  An Intel I218V and Intel I211-controlled Gigabit LAN ports provides your hardwired network connectivity. ASUS has its own LAN Guard protection system using ESD guards to offer up a 1.9X-greater tolerance to static electricity and 2.5X-greater protection (up to 15KV) against current surges. Underneath the LAN port are four USB 3.1 ports: two Type A and two Type C connections. A PS/2 keyboard/mouse port makes an appearance above a pair of USB 2.0 ports. These two ports are used when you are using ASUS Keybot and USB BIOS Flashback tools. The top port is where you would plug in a keyboard to support the Keybot functionality, while you would use the bottom port when using the USB BIOS Flashback option to update or repair the BIOS. Last up are the analog and digital  audio outputs used with ASUS SupremeFX 8-channel audio solution. Wireless network connectivity is handled by an 802.11ac WiFi with 3x3 dual-band 2.4/5GHz antennas for up to 1300Mbit/s transfer speeds that supports the latest MU-MIMO clients. Wrapping things up are the analog and digital sound output connections for the SupremeFX 8-channel high definition sound solution. ESD Guards have long been used on all of the inbound connection points on the PCB to prevent a current surge from static electricity from taking out any of the installed hardware. Hidden between the top PCIe slot and the furthest left Q-DIMM slot is a 4-pin chassis fan header that can be managed by ASUS FanXpert 4 software package or set to use PWM or DC controls from the BIOS. There are a total of four 16x PCIe slots and two PCIe 1x slots to cover slotted expansion cards, like video cards and PCIe-based solid state drives. Slots 1, 2, 4, and 6 are your PCIe 3.0 slots, while slots 3 and 5 are your PCIe 2.0 slots. Up to 4-Way multi-GPU solutions are supported in the 16x PCIe 3.0 slots when using a 40 PCIe lane processor, like the Core i7 6950X or 5960X. The 4-Way solutions are supported with Dual GPU cards. The primary graphics slots are protected by part of ASUS' Gamer's Guardian package called "SafeSlot." A SafeSlot is a PCIe 16x slot used for a primary graphics card that has a metal shield that provides greater shear resistance and retention force. In front of the PCIe slots and along the bottom left corner of the PCB is where you will find the bulk of the hardware used for ASUS' awesome SupremeFX audio solution. ASUS uses its isolated circuitry solution to ensure that you get the best possible audio solution without any interference from the electronics on the rest of the PCB, with split layers covering the left and right channels. On the ROG Rampage V Edition 10, ASUS chose to use an audio processor with "ten DAC channels, simultaneous 7.1-channel playback, independent 2.0-channel, multiple-stream stereo to front-panel outputs, and an EMI cover for purer audio quality." Once again, Japanese Nichicon audio-grade capacitors are used to deliver exceptional sound quality, coupled with a wealth of audiophile-grade components. Parts such as an ESS 9018M2M SABRE DAC, PREMIUM NICHICON & WIMA CAPACITORS, 2x LM4562 op-amps (one per channel) TPA6120 headphone amp, and SONIC SENSEAMP that automatically detects and optimizes outputs for different headphone impedance (32-600 ohms). All this high-accuracy timing technology ensures ultra-low jitter by preventing fluctuating temperatures and a DePop relay. This all combines to deliver a great audio solution.        The area across the bottom of the PCB is pretty loaded on the Rampage V Edition 10. From the left are the SupremeFX sound components, the analog audio front panel audio connection, 4-pin auxilliary power for the PCIe bus, TPM header, dual BIOS chips with LED indicators. AURA controlled RGB LED lighting header, a USB 3.0 header, two of the eight PWM or DC controlled fan headers, USB 2.0 header that supports two ports, and the the ROG Extension header for use with multiple ROG accessories. The right side of this connection doubles as another USB 2.0 header to give you the potential to connect up to four ports with the USB 2.0 header next to the ROG connection. The front panel connections can be connected directly to the front panel wiring in your chassis or connected to the Q-Connector for an easier option. The Red button in the corner is the BIOS switch that lets you choose between BIOS IC's in case you end up with a bad flash or just want to work between two different BIOS to find the best options for your hardware. The right hand corner is loaded up with options, including the Thunderbolt connection and a thermister connection for thermal monitoring. The SLI/CrossFireX switch is used to show the user the proper slots to mount your graphics cards in when using either a 2-Way or 3-Way multi-GPU configuration using AMD or NVIDIA graphics cards. When enabled, an LED will light up to identify each of the slots.      Storage options on the right hand side of the board include the M.2 slot that supports type 2242/2260/2280/22110 devices that sits behind the mass of SATA ports. Next is an U.2 slot that supports PCIe Gen 3.0 x 4 NVMe drives. Ten SATA 6Gb/s ports are pulled from the X99 chipset and support RAID 0, 1, 5, and 10 configurations with Intel® Rapid Storage Technology.  A second USB 3.0 port is up next and is an upright connection instead of being laid over on the side for a smoother look when wiring up the chassis. It is not in a position to interfere with a video card in the top slot, so this really comes down to a preference. It's not a deal breaker, but would look better flipped 90 degrees to connect like the rest of the storage options.   The 24-pin ATX power connection starts the march into the OC Zone at the top right edge of the EATX PCB. In this area we see a lot of the of the usual suspects, including the Q-Code diagnostic LED and Mem OK button. That's about where similarities with other boards in the stack end. In front of the 24-pin connection are the ProbeIt voltage monitoring points to validate the actual running voltages versus the applied voltage in the BIOS. QLEDs show as each part of the system comes on line and can be used in concert with the Q-Code LED to troubleshoot boot problems. The large backlit Start and Reset buttons are easy to use and are an ROG staple with their functionality being self explanatory.  The Retry button is for use if the reset button becomes disabled during heavy overclocking and forces a reboot with the same settings. The LN2 Mode jumper is used to minimize cold boot issues when going sub-zero on the cooling. The Safe Boot button reboots the system back into the BIOS using baseline settings to allow the system to post into the BIOS. Slow Mode is used exclusively while overclocking to overcome load and temperature issues that can crash the system. The DRAM Channel Switch and PCIe x16 switch are used to help diagnose failed hardware in the DIMM or PCIe slots without having to pull the hardware out of each slot. Pretty cool stuff if you want to use extreme cooling or even if you have a custom multi-GPU setup under water and need to find out what went south. Under the PCB in these pictures is the LED diffuser that lights up along the right side of the PCB when you have the AURA lighting enabled. This LED option throws a lot of light into the chassis and is controlled via ASUS' Aura lighting application in the OS.         The top of the PCB is pretty bare on most boards. For the most part that holds true on the Rampage V Edition 10. From the left are a pair of  fan headers that are able to be controlled via PWM or DC options in the BIOS. Additionally, they can be managed through ASUS' Fan Xpert 4 software. These two fan headers are the CPU optional fan header and the CPU fan header.  Moving right are the 4 and 8-pin EATX 12v power connections, as well as the Extreme Engine DIgi+ components under the robust angular aluminum heat sink. Between the 4-pin and 8-pin EATX power connections are several of the 10K black capacitors that are part of the Digi+VRM circuitry. A 6mm heat pipe connects the two heat sinks around the socket and Q-DIMM slots.      Around the ASUS OC Socket are eight Q-DIMM slots that support quad channel memory packages of up to 128GB of DDR4 3333(O.C.)/3300(O.C.)/3000(O.C.)/2800(O.C.)/2666(O.C.)/2400(O.C.)/2133 MHz Non-ECC, Un-buffered Memory. ASUS uses its T-Topology to deliver equal length traces to each slot to reduce electronic noise and provide improved overclocking margins. ASUS OC socket differs from the standard 2011-v3 socket by including a few more pins in the socket connected to an ASUS specific circuit to improve DDR4 memory overclocking margins. Additionally, these extra pins help reduce voltage needs and allow the use of a cache bus voltage to drive overclocking margins. ASUS makes use of an 8-phase all-digital VRM circuit managed by the Extreme Engine Digi+ controllers to provide a clean, consistent power supply to the CPU and DRAM. ASUS Extreme Engine Digi+ uses MicroFine Alloy Chokes, IR3555 PowIRstage® ICs and 10K Black Metallic Capacitors. A trio of heat sinks are used to cool the Digi+ VRM and the X99 PCH. Along the top of the board is a single heat sink that connects to a heat sink behind the IO connectivity via a single heat pipe. The PCH heat sink is a flat angular design with a trace layout effect surrounding the ROG logo. The PCH heat sink is prominently lit as part of the AURA RGB lighting package, with both the ROG logo and trace layout design element lit up while in operation. ASUS AURA lighting controls are used to display one of 10 different lighting schemes to really give the inside of your chassis a living, breathing effect or just setting the lighting to match your theme.     The black on black on black theme on the Rampage V Edition 10 looks a little boring until you hit the power button, where the RGB lighting springs into action. Looking good is just part of the equation, as a board of this caliber has to deliver on the performance metrics associated with a halo level board. Let's see if that is indeed what we get. --- Article Quick Nav ---1 » ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10: Introduction & Closer Look2 » ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Closer Look: Programs & Utlities3 » ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Closer Look: The BIOS4 » ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10: Specifications & Features5 » ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Testing: Setup & Overclocking6 » ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Testing: PCMark 8, SiSoft Sandra 20167 » ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Testing: Cinebench R15, X.265, AIDA 648 » ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Testing: CrystalDiskMark, ATTO9 » ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Testing: iPerf, RMAA10 » ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Testing: Gaming11 » ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10: Conclusion Next page » Article Index Email Link Print Article ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10: Introduction & Closer Look ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Closer Look: Programs & Utlities ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Closer Look: The BIOS ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10: Specifications & Features ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Testing: Setup & Overclocking ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Testing: PCMark 8, SiSoft Sandra 2016 ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Testing: Cinebench R15, X.265, AIDA 64 ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Testing: CrystalDiskMark, ATTO ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Testing: iPerf, RMAA ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Testing: Gaming ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10: Conclusion Related Products ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Review Recent Articles ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Review Serious Statistics Review ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Review ECS LIVA Z Review VIVO CASE-V07 Review Galactic Civilizations III: Crusade Review ECS LIVA Z Plus Review Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion - Producer Interview XFX Radeon RX 580 8GB GTS Black Edition Review MSI GTX 1080 Ti Armor 11G Review » all reviews Forum Posts Time to sell those old AMD cards! Steam Daily Deals OCC Twitch Stream Hardware Roundup: Friday, June 9, 2017, Edition ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Reviewed Latest News Hardware Roundup: Friday, June 9, 2017, Edition Two Pre-Order Characters Announced for Agents of Mayhem, Including Johnny Gat Hardware Roundup: Thursday, June 8, 2017, Edition Hardware Roundup: Wednesday, June 7, 2017, Edition The Swords of Ditto Announced and Coming to E3 Hardware Roundup: Tuesday, June 6, 2017, Edition Hardware Roundup: Monday, June 5, 2017, Edition Need for Speed Payback Announced and Coming November 10 Hardware Roundup: Friday, June 2, 2017, Edition Random Pic Click to enlarge Most Popular Articles ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Review ECS LIVA Z Review Serious Statistics Review ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Review Latest Comments Firefox Gets a 64-bit Version for Windows [6] Repairing Nerves with 3D Printed Guides [1] Valve Announces the Vive VR Headset, Built by HTC [1] Sony Announces Premium Sound Memory Card [1] NVIDIA Hit With Class Action Lawsuit Over GTX 970 Memory Issue [1] Predicting the Past in Quantum Mechanics [1] Equation Group Spying Software Found on Hard Drives Across the World [3] Super Bowl Halftime Show Powered by MAINGEAR System with Four GeForce GTX Titan Z GPUs [3] Fake Facebook Porn Links Infect Over 110,000 Users with Trojan in Just Two Days [1] ContactReview RequestsForumsAdvertiseOCC Logos and Banners © 2001-2017 Overclockers Club ® Privacy Policy Elapsed: 0.0317759514   (xlweb1)
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Stop that, it’s silly Home Hardware Intel’s 18-core CPU and, er, other exciting stuff By Jeremy Laird on June 8th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit As I was saying, an 18-core CPU is obviously irrelevant for PC gaming. Actually, I was speaking then of AMD’s then-staggering 16-core Threadripper CPU. Two weeks later, Threadripper is already ancient news. It’s been comprehensively gazumped by a new 18-core CPU from Intel and suddenly the PC hardware landscape looks a little potty. I know I’ve been bleating for literally years about Intel’s sandbagging and how we needed AMD to spice things up. But this is a bit ridiculous. Be careful what you ask for… First and foremost, this is a developing situation. Just two weeks ago, it seemed Intel was all set to unleash its first 12-core desktop CPU. Now the ante has been upped to fully 18 cores in an official announcement for the Computex tech fest in Taiwan. But the announcement was unusual in that it included some fully fleshed out details, including the full model names of the new chips along with core and thread counts, but excluded other critical items such as clockspeeds and power consumption ratings. It’s pure speculation on my behalf, but this feels to me like a very last-minute response to AMD’s CPU roll outs of late. Anywho, the short version of this rather unusual story is that Intel is wheeling out no fewer than nine new processors for its equally new high-end platform, the latter composed of, again, a new socket in the form of LGA2066 and yet more newness courtesy of the X299 chipset. Topping things off is the Core i9 (yup, the i9 family is new, too) 7980XE with 18 cores and 36 threads, but no known clockspeeds for now. It’s yours for $1,999 or very likely a painfully similar figure preceeded by a pound sign and is almost certainly irrelevant to all of us. Ryzen 9 begat Core i9 Intel, of course, has long had the ability to fire out this kind of CPU. It has offered Xeon CPUs with almost countless cores for several generations. But it has taken AMD to finally force its hand. How many of these CPus get sold into the high-end desktop market, I’m not sure. My sense is that chips like the 7980XE are as much or possibly more about ensuring bragging rights for Intel as actually generating sales revenue. The i9 line up also includes a range of nearly but not quite as exotic 16, 14, 12 and 10-core chips, the last of which seems almost accessible by comparison at $999. But it’s really the new core i7 models that are gamer-relevant. The new eight-core Core i7-7820X clocks in at $599 and has very healthy clockspeeds of 3.6GHz base, 4.3GHz Turbo and 4.5GHz Turbo 3.0 (that’s a special Turbo mode that actively determines which cores are capable of running at the highest stable frequency). If you can afford it, that does rather seem to offer a pretty comprehensive combo of single-threaded frequency and multi-core parallelism that should make light work of pretty much any game for a few years to come. But I’d say it’s the new Core i7-7800X that’s most interesting. It’s not exactly cheap at $389, but it is Intel’s most affordable six-core CPU yet and offers a decent Turbo speed of 4GHz. Certainly, it would be a tough choice between the 7800X and the lower end of AMD’s eight-core Ryzen 7 family. AMD still offers better value, to be sure. But Intel is at least more competitive at that rough price point. I count 20 cores. Like I said, a developing situation… As for the oddball Core i7-7740X and Core i5-7640X will sit in the bottom two rungs of Intel’s new LGA2066 range, I’m not sure what to make of them. My understanding is that they are the existing Kaby Lake quad-core CPU dies, as seen in the Core i7-7700K and Core i5-7600K for the mainstream LGA1151 socket, but rewired for LGA2066 and with the integrated graphics disabled. At $339 and $242 respectively, they’re price parity with their LGA1151 cousins – at least at pre-announcement pricing for the existing pair – though they offer very slightly higher baseclocks but not Turbo speeds. The only way I can see to make sense of them is as gateway CPUs for the LGA2066 platform. In other words, they help keep the overall up-front cost of upgrading to an LGA2066 PC under control and allow a future upgrade path to those big core count CPUs. As things stand right now, then, these latest developments from Intel and AMD arguably don’t have much direct impact on the choices most gamers must make when configuring a new PC. All the 10-core and beyond models are arguably too much money for far too little gaming relevance. Ermegerd, so many pins…er pads! Even Intel’s new six and eight-core CPUs are probably too pricey for the majority. Meanwhile, the new Intel quad-core models come with some expensive baggage in terms of requiring an X299 motherboard. In other words, the real-world choice remains that of Intel’s existing Core i5 and Core i7 chips for the LGA1151 socket, which offer the safest bet for ensuring good gaming performance in this very here-and-now, or AMD’s Ryzen 5 and Ryzen 7s, which are clearly better value and might well prove more future proof thanks to offering more affordable six and eight-core options. Like I said, the situation is developing fast. I fully expect to see Intel add a six-core chip for its mainstream LGA1151 socket later this year and I’m hoping that will be part of a further re-jigging of prices that will see six cores slot in where Intel’s best quad-core chips currently reside in the price lists and those in turn become yet more accessible. Things are moving in the right direction, then. But I’d be holding out just a little longer to see how things develop later this year before pulling the trigger on that new gaming rig. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 31 Comments 08/06/2017 at 21:35 causticnl says: If I can the talk Linuxtech had was very informative, and shows what absolute mess currently the new chipset and socket is. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:46 Buuurr says: It is always fun to see the cattle flock to the sound of the farmer. One who is not of the herd cannot help but be fascinated by the blind obedience and trust. In short, the chips are not released yet. Intel has most always NOT been a disappointment in their releases. There is no evidence that this will be any different. What we have are fan boys with empty pockets crying yet again. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:25 Phasma Felis says: I don’t really have a dog in this fight, but wow do you sound like a pompous jerk. Do you use the word “sheeple” unironically? In my experience, the only people who rush to call people fanboys are other fanboys. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:06 Blasg says: Yep, definitely a jerk. Pompous or not Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 21:57 Tyrmot says: My next chip will be an AMD (for the first time) Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 09:14 Czrly says: I’d hate to say that my next chip will be AMD but, right now, I could not buy another Intel one. I bought an i7 7700k a few weeks ago and it is truly junk. The speeds are fine but the quality-control is rubbish and the thing is impossible to cool – even at stock clocks and voltages. Quite simply, you can put a great water block on top of it and all you have done is waste your money – the heat simply doesn’t get from the silicon to the copper fast enough because the bean-counters at Intel have cut costs in the manufacturing process of the heat-spreader and whatever gunk lies between it and the die. 28 degrees idle to 100 degrees at load in under 2 seconds – not overclocked! The chip is throttled at 100. Cut the load and the temperature falls almost instantly to 30 again showing that the external cooling is just fine. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 14:03 Person of Interest says: I’m aware of the inconsistent voltage/power consumption on the Kaby Lake K-series, but if your processor spikes to 100C in two seconds, there is almost certainly something wrong with your cooling mount and/or motherboard voltage settings. The drop back to 30C is not strong evidence that the cooler is mounted correctly. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:08 brucethemoose says: Xeons work in desktop motherboards, but ya’ll already know that. What most people don’t know is that single socket Xeons (previously branded as E5-1xxx) are generally overclockable. For example, when the i7-4960X was supposedly the baddest kid on the block, you could buy a 8C E5-1680v2 and overclock it. It even had better thermal properties, as it used a huge 12-core die with 4 cores disabled (whereas the 4960X used a small 6 core die). So, while it will probably be a weird OEM SKU us mere mortals can’t buy (as was the case with Haswell/Broadwell), an unlocked 24 core+ Skylake-e monster could exist. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:26 Jokerme says: If you buy a Xeon to overclock it, you are doing something wrong. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:49 Buuurr says: Why? Explain? Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:35 brucethemoose says: Try telling that to happy SR-2 owners :P Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:10 Banks says: Despite the slower clocks and the high dependence on faster RAM, ZEN cpus are outstanding. IMO, they are so good that building with Intel right now is a mistake. Intel could have reacted to this in many ways, but I think they have done it in the worst possible way. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:35 KaiUno says: Price parity would’ve killed the Ryzen dead. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:17 sandineyes says: If I were in a position to make a new build, the $599 i7-7820X would seem to be the best of the line-up for the price. The cheaper skylake-sp lacks the fancy new Turbo Boost, and the clock rates are not great if you are in it for gaming. The $999 part seems to just have more cores and pci-e lanes. I’m not sure what the purpose of the Kaby Lake-X parts are, except perhaps to offer an entry point into the platform. You don’t get the four channel memory, nor increased pci-e lanes, nor the Turbo Boost 3.0, nor the AVX-512 instructions. Seems like it would be better to wait for Coffee Lake. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:23 Don Reba says: I would really like to see a Threadripper vs Skylake-X benchmark making the most of available AVX instructions. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:48 ravenshrike says: Here’s the problem for Intel. The boards for X299 are probably going to start at around 200 dollars. Whereas you can get the 6 core Ryzen part and an overclockable motherboard for all of 320 bucks, 300 if you’re willing to go small form factor. This vs figure almost double for the 6 core Skylake-X and mobo. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:53 Buuurr says: The problem you are siting has never been a problem for Intel. They hold 80% of the market share for processors. They have held this share for a good 15-20 years now. AMD has always been the cheap alternative, as it is the case now. The status quo has in no shape or form changed. How could this be defined as a problem for Intel? From a business standpoint it is off to the market as usual. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 09:41 phuzz says: The Athlon64 was the cheap alternative sure, but it was also faster and cooler than anything Intel had at the same time. Another plus for AMD in my book is that I can buy mid-range CPUs without integrated graphics. I’ve got a graphics card, I don’t need to waste money on integrated graphics I’m never going to use (except when my GPU broke, I admit it was handy then). Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:46 GettCouped says: You are incorrect. The AMD design is actually a big win for business. AMD is using infinity fabric to link multiple clusters together to make a coherent processor with near perfect scalability. What does that mean? They basically link 4 8 core r7s together to make a 32 core 64 thread monster that performs better than anything Intel has, at a cheaper price, with better TDP, at incredible yields. Intel is in some serious trouble. Watch this video and learn something. link to youtu.be Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:06 racccoon says: Actually this is briliant news for PC players & users as we had a massive slump many years ago where nothing was happening and we lumbered with a tech that we thought would never evolve much. This has awakened that sleep and made it more greater than before and the future of the PC is still alive as long their is competitiveness and technological advances. I love Intel for their dedicated hard work. I love Nvidia for their dedicated hard work. all the rest are nags just helping the top two go faster. thanks nags.. p.s. boooo to consoles lol Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:33 Tuidjy says: I know a few definitions for carper bagging, and I cannot see any way any of them can match your use in the third sentence. It clearly has nothing to do with luggage or the American South. I cannot have anything to do with newcomers, because Intel has been around forever, and were founded explicitly to do what they have always done, i.e. they did not move or switch targets for a underhanded gain. And I finally, I even looked up the British meaning, which I knew was different from the American ones, and I cannot see how Intel is trying to demutualize any company. So how are Intel carper bagging? Arguably, someone could think that the processor scene needs some carpetbaggers, but Intel cannot play that role. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:48 ravenshrike says: Pretty sure he meant sandbagging. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:53 ooshp says: Pretty sure he meant Intel is acting like a steak stuffed with oysters. Log in to Reply 10/06/2017 at 00:19 Jeremy Laird says: I did and you may claim your £5. Or something. Would it help if I said I’ve been under a lot of strain recently? I mean, I haven’t, but would it help if I said I have?! :D Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:22 robotslave says: You know, there might be a few budget-constrained game developers reading your little web site here. And for them, this news is anything but irrelevant (particularly if they’re keen on Agile-type methodologies with tight build/test cycles). Give it a little time, and the impact might even make it all the way to the people who play the games those readers build… Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:58 braven5 says: Seem all the majour people in the tech community like Linus and Jay2cents among many others are very upset at Intel and backing AMD for the high end productivity stuff, this guy kinda covers the technical reason for it link to youtube.com Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 08:45 Dudeface says: RE. the Intel die shot – if you look closely you’ll notice the 2nd in from the left ‘core’ in both the top and bottom rows is actually different. So possibly the MCC die does top out at 18 cores? Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:27 The Almighty Moo says: I’ve been watching these with baited breath- holding off for a new computer for some time now and just as I got in a place to do it Jeremy started recommending holding off. Story of my life, but does give me something to look forward to. Just say the word Mr. Laird! Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 12:22 aircool says: My PC is 5 years old (albeit with a GTX 970) and still does the job, but there’s no doubt I should be looking to get a new one. Unfortunately, there hasn’t been any significant improvements to CPU’s (still got an i5-3750K) to justify a whole new mobo/CPU/RAM upgrade. I thought that intel might have something to offer this year (tick-tock and all that), but there’s nothing that warrants justifies the cost. So, it looks like another year of my GFX card being throttled by the CPU in many games (despite those games being perfectly playable on high settings). One thing that does confuse me though is the i5 vs i7 debate. Some people say that hyper threading is important for games, other say that it’s not worth the extra money. That’s probably another reason why I’m holding off, I don’t want to get an i5 only to find out I need an i7 (or an i7 only to find it’s surplus to requirements). Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 16:07 Soapeh says: Yep, I’m in a similar boat. I’ve had an OC’d 2500k @ 4.4Ghz for the last 5 years and it’s showing signs of age when paired with my 980 trying to run on a gsync monitor. At high refresh rates the Sandy Bridges are seemingly bottlenecking the performance but I suppose I’ll have to hold out longer to see what these new platforms will offer. I had eyed up the 7700k for the crazy single-thread performance at 4.5Ghz but now it seems wise to check out the competition between Intel and AMD. Log in to Reply 10/06/2017 at 00:19 tormeh says: I recently underclocked my CPU (FX 8350) to 1GHz just to see what cores games would use. Surprisingly enough, games remained playable but with significant stutter. Anyway, many AA games never needed more than 4 cores even at that clock. Even among AAA games it was rare to find a game that could use more than 6. If you buy an 8 core your 2017 games will never really have any threads competing for a core. Sure, there will probably be more than one thread per core, but no more than 8 of those threads will use significant processor time. 6 cores seems to me to be the sweet spot right now. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature, graphics, Hardware, intel, Intel Core i9, Intel LGA2066, Intel X299, week in tech. Search for clues News and things Mad Catz files for bankruptcy Nine lives run out eventually Nvidia’s new $700 1080 Ti in theory beats $1200 Titan X 35% faster than a 1080 ZeniMax seek injunction shutting down Oculus SDK Oh gosh! “We’re building 3 full VR games, not experiments”- Valve Believes huge tech improvements incoming And much more… The Top Best Bestest Games Of 2017 So Far 43 absolute gems Football Manager 2017 pass-and-save diary, part one: A game of four halves Four players, one manager Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber basilisk : “I wouldn't say that. It really is a replacement.” on Best PC gaming deals of the week elevown : “You are forgetting his initial criteria. 'We only have time to rescue one game from ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 robby5566 : “Oof I dunno about this one man. We're talking about the year of FFVII, Dungeon ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 Slazia : “Maybe get Assetto Corsa instead if you haven't already.” on Project Cars 2 racing out on September 22 elevown : “I really remember this game as being fantastic though It's been so long I forgot ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time On Prey's Ending Deceitful yet meaninful The Flare Path: Row Boats Meet Mare Nostrum Best PC Gaming Deals Of The Week Find yourself a bargain Intel’s 18-core CPU and, er, other exciting stuff Stop that, it’s silly Unknown Pleasures: 10 of the best new Steam games More diamonds in the rough Can Videogames Teach You Programming? And which games might do it... Have You Played... Middle-Earth: Shadow Of Mordor? Where's my nemesis?! My first (and only) kill in PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Beach house The Bestest Best Games Of 2016 So Far A bonus bestest best! E3 is as close as this industry gets to Eurovision I'm really looking forward to it Have You Played... Batman: Arkham Knight? Deploy BatFranchise The 15 Best Space Games Be pilots, pirates and space truckers. Premature Evaluation: Production Line You can have any genre as long as its Sim Police Stories has a free alpha and a lot of potential Questions later Pip And Alice's Sims 4 House (Alice Is A Jerk) Living next door to Alice Have You Played... Dead Space? Isaac Yankem The Pipwick Papers Politics, pop music and and paired fonts All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 8069 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.101% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1371, 05 Jun 17 #1370, 22 May 17 #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist GarageBand 10.2 Swift Publisher 5.0 Evernote 6.11.1 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.5.6 Fantastical 2.3.8 DEVONagent 3.9.7 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.12 Caboodle 2.0.3 iMovie 10.1.6 BBEdit 11.6.6     Related Articles Maca Culpa: Apple Admits Mac Pro Missteps and Promises More Transparency (04 Apr 17) Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything In Between (03 Nov 16)     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Macs & Mac OS X | 06 Jun 2017 | Print  | Comment (21) Apple Beefs Up iMac and MacBook Lines, Teases the iMac Pro by Adam C. Engst At WWDC 2017 today, Apple devoted a non-trivial segment of the keynote to new Mac hardware, showing off improved iMacs and performance-enhanced MacBook Pros and mentioning a speed bump to the MacBook Air in passing. After running through all the changes to today’s models, Apple gave a sneak preview of the iMac Pro, a workstation-class version of the 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display that’s scheduled to ship at the end of the year. No mention was made of the Mac mini or Mac Pro, though Apple has already said that the Mac Pro is in the middle of a major redesign that won’t be done until 2018 at the earliest (see “Maca Culpa: Apple Admits Mac Pro Missteps and Promises More Transparency,” 4 April 2017). iMac -- The workhorse of Apple’s desktop line has long been the iMac, which Apple continues to offer in three basic models: a 21.5-inch non-Retina version, a 21.5-inch iMac with 4K Retina display, and the 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display. On the CPU front, each model receives a speed bump thanks to Apple using Intel’s 7th generation “Kaby Lake” processors and increasing clock speeds. You can see the specifics on Apple’s Tech Specs page, but the summary is that Apple is focusing more effort on the 21.5 Retina iMac, offering just a single configuration of the non-Retina model. Benchmarks will show how much faster the combination of new CPUs and higher clock speeds will be, but I suspect purchases will mostly be based on price. Although the iMac Retina displays are already gorgeous, Apple claims to have improved them even more in both the 21.5-inch and 27-inch sizes, increasing brightness 43 percent to 500 nits and supporting display of up to 1 billion colors. The non-Retina iMac model drives its screen with the integrated Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640, but all the Retina models now take advantage of Radeon Pro GPUs, the 555 and 560 for the 21.5-inch models and the 570, 575, and 580 models for the 27-inch models. The notable win here is for the 21.5-inch Retina models, which were previously limited to integrated Intel Iris Pro Graphics 6200. Apple has made the Fusion Drive standard in more configurations, and the company claims that the SSDs available in 256 GB, 512 GB, and 1 TB capacities are up to 50 percent faster. You can also configure the top-of-the-line 27-inch iMac with a 2 TB SSD for a whopping $1400. When it comes to RAM, all base models still ship with 8 GB. The non-Retina iMac and low-end 21.5 Retina model remain limited to 16 GB, but the high-end 21.5-inch Retina model can now take 16 GB or 32 GB, a welcome improvement. Similarly, the low-end 27-inch model still maxes out at 32 GB, but the two higher-end models can take 16 GB, 32 GB, or 64 GB. RAM in the 21.5-inch iMac models cannot be upgraded by the user, but you can install memory in the 27-inch model yourself. Unsurprisingly, Apple replaced the previous models’ Thunderbolt 2 ports with a pair of Thunderbolt 3 ports that support DisplayPort for external screens, Thunderbolt at up to 40 Gbps, USB 3.1 Gen 2 at up to 10 Gbps, and various other protocols via adapters (see “Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything In Between,” 3 November 2016). All these changes are welcome for anyone in the market for a new iMac. I doubt they’re significant enough to warrant trading in an existing Retina iMac, unless Thunderbolt 3 is a necessity. The most interesting changes are actually in the 21.5-inch models, which move past the RAM and graphics limitations of the previous configuration while introducing a cheaper config. The 21.5-inch non-Retina iMac remains priced at $1099, with the two Retina configurations starting at $1299 and $1499. The 27-inch model comes in three configurations: $1799, $1999, and $2299. They’re all available now. Perhaps I’m just boggled by the number of changes Apple announced in the WWDC keynote, but I couldn’t see how to give more context for the changes in relation to previous configurations because the matrix of what models get which build-to-order options was just too complicated. If you want to price out different possibilities, I recommend opening several browser windows so you can compare the configurations side by side. MacBook, MacBook Pro, and MacBook Air -- As with the iMac, Apple updated the processors in the MacBook and MacBook Pro with new Kaby Lake processors running at higher clock speeds. That should improve performance, although likely not by that much. The MacBook Pro models also get improved graphics processing, with the 13-inch MacBook Pro models using Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 and 650, and the 15-inch models switching to Radeon Pro 555 and 560 discrete GPUs on top of Intel HD Graphics 630 and 640. You can now buy a MacBook with 16 GB of RAM, up from the previous limit of 8 GB, and Apple claims that the MacBook’s onboard SSD is up to 50 percent faster. That might make the MacBook a more attractive option, given that lackluster performance was one of its main disadvantages. Despite rumors to the contrary, the MacBook Air lives, but it sees the least change, replacing its stock 1.6 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with a 1.8 GHz model. It remains upgradeable to an Intel Core i7 running at 2.2 GHz. Although these changes are all positive, they do nothing to simplify the difficulty of choosing between the three models. Each falls into the three-dimensional graph of price, performance, and size in a different spot. You’ll have to decide what’s most important to you — cost, speed, or portability — and figure out which of Apple’s notebooks best fits your needs. As with the new iMac models, these updated notebooks are all available now. iMac Pro -- During the private media meeting in which Apple executives confessed to the company’s sins with regard to the Mac Pro, mention was made of pro-related announcements about the iMac coming this year. Apple has now revealed more of what that means, pulling back the curtains on the iMac Pro. Due in December 2017, the iMac Pro retains the same form factor of the 27-inch iMac with 5K Retina display, but swaps the brushed aluminum look for a space gray finish that extends to the Magic Keyboard with Numeric Keypad, Magic Mouse 2, and an optional Magic Trackpad 2. The goal of the iMac Pro is to provide workstation-class performance within the iMac design. The hardest part of that is dealing with heat, because the iMac Pro will feature Intel Xeon processors in 8-core, 10-core, or 18-core configurations. Also playing into the necessary thermal architecture redesign is Apple’s use of a new Radeon Pro Vega GPU, which reportedly features a next-generation compute core and up to 16 GB of on-package high-bandwidth memory (HBM2). Apple says that the iMac Pro with Vega GPU delivers up to 11 teraflops of single-precision compute power for real-time 3D rendering and high frame rate VR. For half-precision computation that’s reportedly ideal for machine learning, the iMac Pro can deliver up to 22 teraflops of performance. (No, we don’t really have a sense of what that means, either, but Apple PR did a good job of making it sound impressive.) The iMac Pro will come with 32 GB of RAM by default, but for a machine in this class, the fact that it’s configurable to 64 GB or 128 GB is more important. A 1 TB SSD is also standard, with 2 TB and 4 TB SSDs as options. Unsurprisingly, the iMac Pro sports four Thunderbolt 3 ports, which enables it to drive up to two 5K displays and two high-performance RAID arrays at the same time. Other connectivity options mimic what’s on the 27-inch iMac with 5K Retina display now, with the exception of Ethernet. Instead of gigabit Ethernet, the iMac Pro will include 10 Gb Ethernet, which could be a big deal when transferring huge amounts of data between machines. How much will all this cost? A lot, with the base iMac Pro configuration starting at $4999. Apple claimed that a comparable workstation would cost about $7000, without a 5K display. Even still, given the high price of large SSDs and RAM, we anticipate that a loaded iMac Pro will easily meet or exceed that $7000 mark. But that won’t stop the audience for the iMac Pro. If you need the maximum performance from a Mac, the iMac Pro will provide it. At least until a new Mac Pro makes its debut, and many of those who live and die by the teraflop won’t want to wait.   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about Apple Beefs Up iMac and MacBook Lines, Teases the iMac Pro To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. As part of the announcement-heavy WWDC keynote, Apple has revved the iMac line with Intel’s 7th-generation Kaby Lake CPUs, higher performance graphics, brighter screens, and faster SSDs. The MacBook and MacBook Pro also get new CPUs, the MacBook becomes more expandable, and the MacBook Air receives a small speed bump. The most unexpected news, however, was the announcement of the iMac Pro, due in December 2017. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Michael E. Cohen   2017-06-06 10:48 And if anyone out there thinks the iMac Pro means that a Mac Pro ISN'T also coming, Apple's press release on the iMac Pro puts that misconception to rest: "In addition to the new iMac Pro, Apple is working on a completely redesigned, next-generation Mac Pro architected for pro customers who need the highest-end, high-throughput system in a modular design, as well as a new high-end pro display." Reply Mackay Bell  2017-06-07 20:38 It seems that part of the reason they revealed that they were working on an expandable Mac Pro (and apologizing for the trash can version) is they wanted people to get excited about the iMac Pro, and not suck up all the air complaining about the lack of an expandable system. By getting that story out before the release, they could get a little more excitement going for the coming of the iMac Pro. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-09 09:49 I think you're spot on. Reply Alan Forkosh   2017-06-06 11:09 It's noteworthy that Apple didn't mention anything about the Touch Bar. As it stands now, Touch Bar is an orphan, present on only on the MacBook Pro line. It strikes me as something that can't really be considered a standard until there is a desktop version of it also--either a new keyboard or a standalone item to be paired with a keyboard. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-06 12:00 In fact, it turns out that Apple did release a new wireless Magic Keyboard with Numeric Keypad. But not with a Touch Bar. Boo! http://techcrunch.com/2017/06/05/apple-has-a-new-wireless-magic-keyboard-with-a-full-numeric-keypad/amp/ Reply Paul Ellis  2017-06-06 13:53 The Touch Bar is a gimmick. It breaks all the rules of ergonomics and focus. It might possibly make some sense when positioned close the the screen, and therefore point of focus, on a laptop, but makes little sense for a desktop. If I were a developer, which thankfully I'm not, I wouldn't be wasting any time developing for it, and certainly not if I'd previously been stung by OpenDoc, QuickTime VR, etc. etc. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:57 I like what Apple is doing with the iMac and I'll give them the benefit of the doubt when it comes to assuming they'll make things right with the new Mac Pro once it finally arrives. The MBP seems fine. I still don't see what TouchBar is supposed to accomplish - I also think it's mainly a gimmick with poor ergonomics. Apple didn't spend any time on it at this WWDC. Does anybody think it might disappear during the next overhaul? I don't really get why Apple is keeping the MBA around instead of just trying to make an inexpensive entry-level MB instead. Since there is no inexpensive entry-level MB, I assume that means the MB is targeting the middle/high-end of the compact/light market. So with that in mind, why in the world did they not replace that USB-C with TB3? If this were a budget Mac at $999 targeted at schools and students, fine. But since this is a midrange Mac we're talking about, why leave it stuck with USB-C? Nothing TB3 offers can't be done with USB-C, but TB3 is just more versatile and it is no doubt the new standard across Macs - well almost, sigh. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:59 (cont.) My only real gripe on the Mac side is the Mac mini. How can Apple just let it sit there to die? Either kill it off already (so people know they'll have to go Hackintosh) or update it. But just leaving it sit there without a clear plan makes we wonder what message Apple is trying to send. It reminds me of the Mac Pro situation before pressure from pros and tech journalists forced Apple to take a stand. I see a lot of potential for the Mac mini, from cheap servers to simple office computers, offering a low-price entry point to the Mac universe, schools, home media servers, etc. I'm afraid all of that is "too techy" and not sexy enough for the new Apple. I really hope I'm wrong. I'm holding onto my trusty Core i5 Mac mini, but with its 4 GB of RAM (could be upgraded) and 500 GB HDD (could also be upgraded, but is that worth it?) its days are numbered even as my home media server. Reply Bertrand Morin  2017-06-06 19:27 Is the memory (RAM) upgradable in the iMac 27in. by the user, as it wad older iMac… Reply James  2017-06-08 07:58 Did you read the product page for the 27" iMac? If not, go back and read it again. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-09 09:48 Yes, it is in the 27-inch model. But RAM in the 21.5-inch model is not user-upgradeable (although it's not soldered to the motherboard either). Reply Scott M.   2017-06-07 01:08 Is there any indication yet if the new iMac models (both 21.5" and 27") have user upgradable RAM? There is some wording on the Apple page that you can upgrade the 21.5" RAM after purchase through Apple or an authorized dealer, but it not 100% clear. And the page for the 27" is completely silent. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-07 09:59 The 21.5-inch models are NOT user-upgradeable, but the 27-inch model is. See http://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201191 Reply Bob  2017-06-08 18:02 Scott, MacRumors reports "iFixit has published a teardown of the new 4K 21.5-inch iMac, which reveals that – surprisingly – Apple's smallest all-in-one desktop machine has both removable RAM and a Kaby Lake processor that's not soldered onto the logic board." Note though, updating is an involved process. Certainly not user-replaceable by the average owner. But at least users aren't irrevocably locked in to what they originally purchased. Reply Scott M.   2017-06-09 02:28 I guess that I should have been a little more accurate with my question. I was more trying to determine if the RAM in both the 21.5" and 27" is upgradable, whether user upgradable as officially supported by Apple or even just upgradable but only officially by Apple or an Apple ASP (which means a user can do it if they are afraid to open up their Mac and maybe end up having Apple not provide support under the warranty if there is a problem). Reply Scott M.   2017-06-09 02:32 Good to know. I am not afraid to open up a Mac even for supposedly no user upgradable items at least officially in Apple's eyes. On my original 2006 MBP, I replaced a fan that was squealing due to the bearings and also upgrade the WiFi card, neither of which was consider user upgradable by Apple (certainly not the fan at least...not sure about the WiFi card). It likely would not matter as if I were in the market for an iMac (I am currently not), I would be going for a 27" model anyway. I am kind of used to the 27" Thunderbolt display that I have, so going back to what would seem like a freakishly small (to me) 21.5" screen would not really be an option. Reply Henrik Munster  2017-06-09 10:46 There is "not user upgradeable" and then there is "not user upgradeable". I have myself opened a few MacBooks and even PowerBooks, but opening an iMac seems to me to be quite frightening. My suggestion would be to at least take a look at the instructions at iFixit before attempting to do anything. Reply Scott M.   2017-06-09 22:00 Always do. When I am going to crack open any Mac (or any other Apple product or even some non-Apple products these days although they tend to cover every Apple product but not so much for non-Apple products), iFixit is the first stop when I even start to think about it. It was their guides that helped me replace the fan on the 2006 MBP and upgrade the WiFi card for that same Mac. iFixit is an excellent source for determining what kind of trouble I might get into. ;-) Reply Simon  2017-06-08 18:20 I wonder if the non-retina 21.5" iMac will have the same SO-DIMM slots? I guess the replaceable CPU is a given because apparently Intel does not offer desktop Kaby Lake with BGA (i.e. soldered). Reply Scott Randell  2017-06-09 15:13 Hey Adam, the hardware part of the announcements were of little interest to me. Mostly because of the price points. The average user will not need an iMac Pro, nor could they justify paying for it. The price points on the regular iMac are ridiculous. The 27 inch with 512 GB SSD is a much better value than the 21 inch with the same add ons. Especially when you consider you can install extra 8 GB of ram yourself for about $60.00 vs the $200.00 Apple charges. With the same add ons the 27 inch is only $260.00 more than the 21 inch. Unless space is a consideration the 27 inch is a much better value, and you can add more ram down the road. I personally hope they come out with a reasonably priced user upgradable tower you can buy as much or as little as you need. Regards to all Tidbits staff. Reply David   2017-06-09 15:45 "The average user will not need an iMac Pro, nor could they justify paying for it" Er...yes? I don't think it's particularly aimed at the average user. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. As part of the announcement-heavy WWDC keynote, Apple has revved the iMac line with Intel’s 7th-generation Kaby Lake CPUs, higher performance graphics, brighter screens, and faster SSDs. The MacBook and MacBook Pro also get new CPUs, the MacBook becomes more expandable, and the MacBook Air receives a small speed bump. The most unexpected news, however, was the announcement of the iMac Pro, due in December 2017. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Stop that, it’s silly Home Hardware Intel’s 18-core CPU and, er, other exciting stuff By Jeremy Laird on June 8th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit As I was saying, an 18-core CPU is obviously irrelevant for PC gaming. Actually, I was speaking then of AMD’s then-staggering 16-core Threadripper CPU. Two weeks later, Threadripper is already ancient news. It’s been comprehensively gazumped by a new 18-core CPU from Intel and suddenly the PC hardware landscape looks a little potty. I know I’ve been bleating for literally years about Intel’s sandbagging and how we needed AMD to spice things up. But this is a bit ridiculous. Be careful what you ask for… First and foremost, this is a developing situation. Just two weeks ago, it seemed Intel was all set to unleash its first 12-core desktop CPU. Now the ante has been upped to fully 18 cores in an official announcement for the Computex tech fest in Taiwan. But the announcement was unusual in that it included some fully fleshed out details, including the full model names of the new chips along with core and thread counts, but excluded other critical items such as clockspeeds and power consumption ratings. It’s pure speculation on my behalf, but this feels to me like a very last-minute response to AMD’s CPU roll outs of late. Anywho, the short version of this rather unusual story is that Intel is wheeling out no fewer than nine new processors for its equally new high-end platform, the latter composed of, again, a new socket in the form of LGA2066 and yet more newness courtesy of the X299 chipset. Topping things off is the Core i9 (yup, the i9 family is new, too) 7980XE with 18 cores and 36 threads, but no known clockspeeds for now. It’s yours for $1,999 or very likely a painfully similar figure preceeded by a pound sign and is almost certainly irrelevant to all of us. Ryzen 9 begat Core i9 Intel, of course, has long had the ability to fire out this kind of CPU. It has offered Xeon CPUs with almost countless cores for several generations. But it has taken AMD to finally force its hand. How many of these CPus get sold into the high-end desktop market, I’m not sure. My sense is that chips like the 7980XE are as much or possibly more about ensuring bragging rights for Intel as actually generating sales revenue. The i9 line up also includes a range of nearly but not quite as exotic 16, 14, 12 and 10-core chips, the last of which seems almost accessible by comparison at $999. But it’s really the new core i7 models that are gamer-relevant. The new eight-core Core i7-7820X clocks in at $599 and has very healthy clockspeeds of 3.6GHz base, 4.3GHz Turbo and 4.5GHz Turbo 3.0 (that’s a special Turbo mode that actively determines which cores are capable of running at the highest stable frequency). If you can afford it, that does rather seem to offer a pretty comprehensive combo of single-threaded frequency and multi-core parallelism that should make light work of pretty much any game for a few years to come. But I’d say it’s the new Core i7-7800X that’s most interesting. It’s not exactly cheap at $389, but it is Intel’s most affordable six-core CPU yet and offers a decent Turbo speed of 4GHz. Certainly, it would be a tough choice between the 7800X and the lower end of AMD’s eight-core Ryzen 7 family. AMD still offers better value, to be sure. But Intel is at least more competitive at that rough price point. I count 20 cores. Like I said, a developing situation… As for the oddball Core i7-7740X and Core i5-7640X will sit in the bottom two rungs of Intel’s new LGA2066 range, I’m not sure what to make of them. My understanding is that they are the existing Kaby Lake quad-core CPU dies, as seen in the Core i7-7700K and Core i5-7600K for the mainstream LGA1151 socket, but rewired for LGA2066 and with the integrated graphics disabled. At $339 and $242 respectively, they’re price parity with their LGA1151 cousins – at least at pre-announcement pricing for the existing pair – though they offer very slightly higher baseclocks but not Turbo speeds. The only way I can see to make sense of them is as gateway CPUs for the LGA2066 platform. In other words, they help keep the overall up-front cost of upgrading to an LGA2066 PC under control and allow a future upgrade path to those big core count CPUs. As things stand right now, then, these latest developments from Intel and AMD arguably don’t have much direct impact on the choices most gamers must make when configuring a new PC. All the 10-core and beyond models are arguably too much money for far too little gaming relevance. Ermegerd, so many pins…er pads! Even Intel’s new six and eight-core CPUs are probably too pricey for the majority. Meanwhile, the new Intel quad-core models come with some expensive baggage in terms of requiring an X299 motherboard. In other words, the real-world choice remains that of Intel’s existing Core i5 and Core i7 chips for the LGA1151 socket, which offer the safest bet for ensuring good gaming performance in this very here-and-now, or AMD’s Ryzen 5 and Ryzen 7s, which are clearly better value and might well prove more future proof thanks to offering more affordable six and eight-core options. Like I said, the situation is developing fast. I fully expect to see Intel add a six-core chip for its mainstream LGA1151 socket later this year and I’m hoping that will be part of a further re-jigging of prices that will see six cores slot in where Intel’s best quad-core chips currently reside in the price lists and those in turn become yet more accessible. Things are moving in the right direction, then. But I’d be holding out just a little longer to see how things develop later this year before pulling the trigger on that new gaming rig. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 31 Comments 08/06/2017 at 21:35 causticnl says: If I can the talk Linuxtech had was very informative, and shows what absolute mess currently the new chipset and socket is. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:46 Buuurr says: It is always fun to see the cattle flock to the sound of the farmer. One who is not of the herd cannot help but be fascinated by the blind obedience and trust. In short, the chips are not released yet. Intel has most always NOT been a disappointment in their releases. There is no evidence that this will be any different. What we have are fan boys with empty pockets crying yet again. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:25 Phasma Felis says: I don’t really have a dog in this fight, but wow do you sound like a pompous jerk. Do you use the word “sheeple” unironically? In my experience, the only people who rush to call people fanboys are other fanboys. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:06 Blasg says: Yep, definitely a jerk. Pompous or not Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 21:57 Tyrmot says: My next chip will be an AMD (for the first time) Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 09:14 Czrly says: I’d hate to say that my next chip will be AMD but, right now, I could not buy another Intel one. I bought an i7 7700k a few weeks ago and it is truly junk. The speeds are fine but the quality-control is rubbish and the thing is impossible to cool – even at stock clocks and voltages. Quite simply, you can put a great water block on top of it and all you have done is waste your money – the heat simply doesn’t get from the silicon to the copper fast enough because the bean-counters at Intel have cut costs in the manufacturing process of the heat-spreader and whatever gunk lies between it and the die. 28 degrees idle to 100 degrees at load in under 2 seconds – not overclocked! The chip is throttled at 100. Cut the load and the temperature falls almost instantly to 30 again showing that the external cooling is just fine. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 14:03 Person of Interest says: I’m aware of the inconsistent voltage/power consumption on the Kaby Lake K-series, but if your processor spikes to 100C in two seconds, there is almost certainly something wrong with your cooling mount and/or motherboard voltage settings. The drop back to 30C is not strong evidence that the cooler is mounted correctly. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:08 brucethemoose says: Xeons work in desktop motherboards, but ya’ll already know that. What most people don’t know is that single socket Xeons (previously branded as E5-1xxx) are generally overclockable. For example, when the i7-4960X was supposedly the baddest kid on the block, you could buy a 8C E5-1680v2 and overclock it. It even had better thermal properties, as it used a huge 12-core die with 4 cores disabled (whereas the 4960X used a small 6 core die). So, while it will probably be a weird OEM SKU us mere mortals can’t buy (as was the case with Haswell/Broadwell), an unlocked 24 core+ Skylake-e monster could exist. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:26 Jokerme says: If you buy a Xeon to overclock it, you are doing something wrong. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:49 Buuurr says: Why? Explain? Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:35 brucethemoose says: Try telling that to happy SR-2 owners :P Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:10 Banks says: Despite the slower clocks and the high dependence on faster RAM, ZEN cpus are outstanding. IMO, they are so good that building with Intel right now is a mistake. Intel could have reacted to this in many ways, but I think they have done it in the worst possible way. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:35 KaiUno says: Price parity would’ve killed the Ryzen dead. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:17 sandineyes says: If I were in a position to make a new build, the $599 i7-7820X would seem to be the best of the line-up for the price. The cheaper skylake-sp lacks the fancy new Turbo Boost, and the clock rates are not great if you are in it for gaming. The $999 part seems to just have more cores and pci-e lanes. I’m not sure what the purpose of the Kaby Lake-X parts are, except perhaps to offer an entry point into the platform. You don’t get the four channel memory, nor increased pci-e lanes, nor the Turbo Boost 3.0, nor the AVX-512 instructions. Seems like it would be better to wait for Coffee Lake. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:23 Don Reba says: I would really like to see a Threadripper vs Skylake-X benchmark making the most of available AVX instructions. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:48 ravenshrike says: Here’s the problem for Intel. The boards for X299 are probably going to start at around 200 dollars. Whereas you can get the 6 core Ryzen part and an overclockable motherboard for all of 320 bucks, 300 if you’re willing to go small form factor. This vs figure almost double for the 6 core Skylake-X and mobo. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:53 Buuurr says: The problem you are siting has never been a problem for Intel. They hold 80% of the market share for processors. They have held this share for a good 15-20 years now. AMD has always been the cheap alternative, as it is the case now. The status quo has in no shape or form changed. How could this be defined as a problem for Intel? From a business standpoint it is off to the market as usual. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 09:41 phuzz says: The Athlon64 was the cheap alternative sure, but it was also faster and cooler than anything Intel had at the same time. Another plus for AMD in my book is that I can buy mid-range CPUs without integrated graphics. I’ve got a graphics card, I don’t need to waste money on integrated graphics I’m never going to use (except when my GPU broke, I admit it was handy then). Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:46 GettCouped says: You are incorrect. The AMD design is actually a big win for business. AMD is using infinity fabric to link multiple clusters together to make a coherent processor with near perfect scalability. What does that mean? They basically link 4 8 core r7s together to make a 32 core 64 thread monster that performs better than anything Intel has, at a cheaper price, with better TDP, at incredible yields. Intel is in some serious trouble. Watch this video and learn something. link to youtu.be Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:06 racccoon says: Actually this is briliant news for PC players & users as we had a massive slump many years ago where nothing was happening and we lumbered with a tech that we thought would never evolve much. This has awakened that sleep and made it more greater than before and the future of the PC is still alive as long their is competitiveness and technological advances. I love Intel for their dedicated hard work. I love Nvidia for their dedicated hard work. all the rest are nags just helping the top two go faster. thanks nags.. p.s. boooo to consoles lol Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:33 Tuidjy says: I know a few definitions for carper bagging, and I cannot see any way any of them can match your use in the third sentence. It clearly has nothing to do with luggage or the American South. I cannot have anything to do with newcomers, because Intel has been around forever, and were founded explicitly to do what they have always done, i.e. they did not move or switch targets for a underhanded gain. And I finally, I even looked up the British meaning, which I knew was different from the American ones, and I cannot see how Intel is trying to demutualize any company. So how are Intel carper bagging? Arguably, someone could think that the processor scene needs some carpetbaggers, but Intel cannot play that role. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:48 ravenshrike says: Pretty sure he meant sandbagging. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:53 ooshp says: Pretty sure he meant Intel is acting like a steak stuffed with oysters. Log in to Reply 10/06/2017 at 00:19 Jeremy Laird says: I did and you may claim your £5. Or something. Would it help if I said I’ve been under a lot of strain recently? I mean, I haven’t, but would it help if I said I have?! :D Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:22 robotslave says: You know, there might be a few budget-constrained game developers reading your little web site here. And for them, this news is anything but irrelevant (particularly if they’re keen on Agile-type methodologies with tight build/test cycles). Give it a little time, and the impact might even make it all the way to the people who play the games those readers build… Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:58 braven5 says: Seem all the majour people in the tech community like Linus and Jay2cents among many others are very upset at Intel and backing AMD for the high end productivity stuff, this guy kinda covers the technical reason for it link to youtube.com Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 08:45 Dudeface says: RE. the Intel die shot – if you look closely you’ll notice the 2nd in from the left ‘core’ in both the top and bottom rows is actually different. So possibly the MCC die does top out at 18 cores? Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:27 The Almighty Moo says: I’ve been watching these with baited breath- holding off for a new computer for some time now and just as I got in a place to do it Jeremy started recommending holding off. Story of my life, but does give me something to look forward to. Just say the word Mr. Laird! Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 12:22 aircool says: My PC is 5 years old (albeit with a GTX 970) and still does the job, but there’s no doubt I should be looking to get a new one. Unfortunately, there hasn’t been any significant improvements to CPU’s (still got an i5-3750K) to justify a whole new mobo/CPU/RAM upgrade. I thought that intel might have something to offer this year (tick-tock and all that), but there’s nothing that warrants justifies the cost. So, it looks like another year of my GFX card being throttled by the CPU in many games (despite those games being perfectly playable on high settings). One thing that does confuse me though is the i5 vs i7 debate. Some people say that hyper threading is important for games, other say that it’s not worth the extra money. That’s probably another reason why I’m holding off, I don’t want to get an i5 only to find out I need an i7 (or an i7 only to find it’s surplus to requirements). Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 16:07 Soapeh says: Yep, I’m in a similar boat. I’ve had an OC’d 2500k @ 4.4Ghz for the last 5 years and it’s showing signs of age when paired with my 980 trying to run on a gsync monitor. At high refresh rates the Sandy Bridges are seemingly bottlenecking the performance but I suppose I’ll have to hold out longer to see what these new platforms will offer. I had eyed up the 7700k for the crazy single-thread performance at 4.5Ghz but now it seems wise to check out the competition between Intel and AMD. Log in to Reply 10/06/2017 at 00:19 tormeh says: I recently underclocked my CPU (FX 8350) to 1GHz just to see what cores games would use. Surprisingly enough, games remained playable but with significant stutter. Anyway, many AA games never needed more than 4 cores even at that clock. Even among AAA games it was rare to find a game that could use more than 6. If you buy an 8 core your 2017 games will never really have any threads competing for a core. Sure, there will probably be more than one thread per core, but no more than 8 of those threads will use significant processor time. 6 cores seems to me to be the sweet spot right now. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature, graphics, Hardware, intel, Intel Core i9, Intel LGA2066, Intel X299, week in tech. Search for clues News and things Mad Catz files for bankruptcy Nine lives run out eventually Nvidia’s new $700 1080 Ti in theory beats $1200 Titan X 35% faster than a 1080 ZeniMax seek injunction shutting down Oculus SDK Oh gosh! “We’re building 3 full VR games, not experiments”- Valve Believes huge tech improvements incoming And much more… The Top Best Bestest Games Of 2017 So Far 43 absolute gems Football Manager 2017 pass-and-save diary, part one: A game of four halves Four players, one manager Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber basilisk : “I wouldn't say that. It really is a replacement.” on Best PC gaming deals of the week elevown : “You are forgetting his initial criteria. 'We only have time to rescue one game from ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 robby5566 : “Oof I dunno about this one man. We're talking about the year of FFVII, Dungeon ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 Slazia : “Maybe get Assetto Corsa instead if you haven't already.” on Project Cars 2 racing out on September 22 elevown : “I really remember this game as being fantastic though It's been so long I forgot ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time On Prey's Ending Deceitful yet meaninful The Flare Path: Row Boats Meet Mare Nostrum Best PC Gaming Deals Of The Week Find yourself a bargain Intel’s 18-core CPU and, er, other exciting stuff Stop that, it’s silly Unknown Pleasures: 10 of the best new Steam games More diamonds in the rough Can Videogames Teach You Programming? And which games might do it... Have You Played... Middle-Earth: Shadow Of Mordor? Where's my nemesis?! My first (and only) kill in PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Beach house The Bestest Best Games Of 2016 So Far A bonus bestest best! E3 is as close as this industry gets to Eurovision I'm really looking forward to it Have You Played... Batman: Arkham Knight? Deploy BatFranchise The 15 Best Space Games Be pilots, pirates and space truckers. Premature Evaluation: Production Line You can have any genre as long as its Sim Police Stories has a free alpha and a lot of potential Questions later Pip And Alice's Sims 4 House (Alice Is A Jerk) Living next door to Alice Have You Played... Dead Space? Isaac Yankem The Pipwick Papers Politics, pop music and and paired fonts All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 8069 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.101% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Security Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Networking Cloud Storage DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Events Calendar Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter New ARBOR COM Express Mini Type 10 module with single-chip, quad-core Intel(r) Pentium(r) N4200 / dual-core Celeron(r) N3350 SoC ARBOR - Leave a Comment Based on this new premium class low-power design, the robust COM Express Mini Type 10 modules consume, on average, just 6 watts while providing increased graphics capabilities and overall performance. June 06, 2017 – Taipei – ARBOR Technology, a leading provider of embedded computing solutions, announces the immediate availability of the EmNANO-i2402 COM Express Mini Type 10 module, based on the new Intel® Pentium® / Celeron® processors (Intel® codenamed Apollo Lake). Based on this new premium class low-power design, the robust COM Express Mini Type 10 modules consume, on average, just 6 watts while providing increased graphics capabilities and overall performance. Up to 12 graphics execution units can support up to three HD displays or two 4k displays. The modules support Intel® Advanced Encryption Standard New Instructions (Intel® AES-NI) set, which is more relevant than ever in practical application. This allows developers to offload particularly compute-intensive packaging and encryption routines of the well-known cryptographic algorithm AES (Advanced Encryption Standard) into hardware, thereby enabling high performance encryption without putting a significant burden on the CPU cores. The EmNANO-i2402 module comes in two different processor versions (Intel codename Apollo Lake) for high scalability. These range from the entry-level dual-core Intel® Celeron® N3350 with 1.1/2.4GHz to the quad-core Intel® Pentium® N4200 with 1.1/2.5GHz, each with a power consumption of 4 watts for standard applications (SDP = Scenario Design Power). The EmNANO-i2402 module is equipped with up to 8GB DDR3L memory and up to 128GB eMMC 5.0 for mass storage. The enhanced integrated Intel® HD Graphics 505 supports DirectX 11.2, OpenGL 4.4 and OpenCL 1.2/2.0. The new high-performance, hardware-accelerated video decoding of H.265/HEVC and H.264/AVC, making it possible to stream 4K videos in real time. Up to 4K (3840 x 2160 pixels) resolution is supported by either DisplayPort or HDMI interfaces. In addition the EmNANO-i2402 module has a default 24bit LVDS interface. Thanks to native USB 3.0 support, the EmNANO-i2402 module provides fast data transmission despite low power draw. The modules contain two USB 3.0 Super-Speed ports and Eight USB 2.0 ports with Hi-Speed data transmission. Four PCI Express x1 Gen2 lanes and two SATA interfaces with up to 6Gb/s enable fast and flexible system extensions. The Intel® Ethernet Controller i210 guarantees the best software compatibility. Completing the feature set are: I2C bus, LPC bus and SDIO for easy integration of legacy I/O interfaces and Intel® High Definition Audio for Pentium® N4200 / Celeron® N3350 processors. The EmNANO-i2402 is available now; please contact local sales support. ### About ARBOR ARBOR Technology Corp., founded in 1993, is a leading provider of Smart City and IoT solutions. With more than 20 years of experience in providing customer-driven, high performance, and industrial strength computing solutions in various industries, ARBOR provides complete solutions from board to system, computing to communication, in healthcare, transportation, industrial automation, mobile computing, digital signage, retail, intelligent building, and home. ARBOR is ISO-9001, ISO-13485 and ISO-14001-certified and is committed to well-defined production processes and delivering the highest quality products compliant with all pertaining international standards. More information about ARBOR is available at www.arbor-technology.com/ Topics covered in this article industrial automation COM Express industrial hardware modules Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVII Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit an Article Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Tue, 06 Jun 2017 23:19:58 +0000
Share Tweet Which of the lighter MacBooks is right for you? Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics New iPad 2017 review Best free Mac games iPhone tips iPhone 8 rumours Latest Apple Deals » Home Reviews Macbooks MacBook Air vs MacBook MacBook Air vs MacBook If it’s a lightweight Mac you are after Apple offers two very different laptops, with only the smallest difference in weight and dimensions. Find out whether the new MacBook or the MacBook Air is right for you. by Karen Haslam | 08 Jun 17 Price RRP: £1,249 (256GB model) or £1,549 (512GB model), US$1,299 (256GB model) or US$1,599 (512GB model) Best prices today Retailer Price Delivery   Apple £1,249 (256GB model) or £1,549 (512GB model) View Price comparision from , and manufacturers MacBook Air vs MacBook When it comes to buying MacBooks, if you aren't a Pro user then you have a compelling decision to make between the MacBook Air and the 12in MacBook. Both are slim, capable machines but with enough differences to make it a tough decision. At WWDC in June 2017, Apple updated the specs of both laptops. The new MacBook has Intel's 7th-gen Kaby Lake processors, but the MacBook Air still runs the Broadwell generation. The 12in MacBook is both smaller and lighter than the once “light as air” MacBook Air, which begs the question: which is the best lightweight laptop from Apple? In this article we will weigh up the pros and cons for both models, and look at the best upgrade options, and some alternatives that might suit your needs better. Read on for more detailed comparisons of Apple's newest lightweight laptops, specs, design and more. Read: New Retina MacBook release date, specs & UK pricing Also: Apple MacBook Air (mid 2017) review MacBook Air vs MacBook: Design, Dimensions and weight The MacBook comes in Silver, Gold, Rose Gold and Space Grey, just like the iPhone. Judging by the popularity of the Rose Gold iPhone, for some the fact that the MacBook is now in that hue will be reason enough to buy it. However, if you’d prefer a more muted colour the silver or grey options may appeal. Alternatively, the MacBook Air comes in just the traditional aluminium.  While the MacBook might sound like it should be bigger, with its 12in display, lengthwise it is smaller by almost 2cm. You may notice that the width of the 11in Air is slightly less, but it’s only 45mm different, less than half a cm, and unlikely to make a big difference to how easily you can fit the Mac laptop in your bag. The 12in MacBook measures 28.05cm by 19.65cm, and is 0.35-1.31cm thick. The 13in MacBook Air measures 32.5m by 22.7cm and is 0.3-1.7cm thick. The MacBook is lighter than the 13in MacBook Air, which weighs 1.35kg. The 12in MacBook is undoubtedly the most portable and lightweight MacBook ever made at 920g. Read: MacBook Air vs MacBook Pro review: 13in Mac laptop battle | 13 ways to use Force Touch on the new MacBook BUYING ADVICE: Design, Dimensions and weight If it’s the lightest and smallest Mac you are looking for, then get the MacBook. Just remember that the MacBook Air still gives you a bigger screen. When it comes to design, only the MacBook offers you a selection of colour choices and that may be a big part of the buying decision for some. If you aren’t keen on Rose Gold or Gold then there is the choice of Space Grey or Silver – but if it’s Silver you are going for, perhaps the Air will fulfil your needs. It may seem an obvious choice at this point, but there are a number of other factors involved in the decision, including the specs of the machine, the ports and other features on offer, read on to find out more. There is also the significant difference in price, with the MacBook Air starting at £949 and the MacBook starting at £1,249. That’s £300 more, so the MacBook justify its higher price? Read on. MacBook Air vs MacBook: Specs comparison  The MacBook Air offers a 1.8GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor (capable of Turbo Boost to 3.2GHz) and comes with 8GB RAM and an integrated Intel HD Graphics 6000 graphics card. You'll have to pay £100 extra for 256GB compared to 128GB though. You can opt to upgrade at point of purchase to an i7 processor and up to 512GB SSD. That option costs £1,384. The 12in MacBook ships in two configurations. One features a 1.2GHz dual-core Intel Core m3 processor, which can Turbo Boost up to 3.2GHz. The other costs £300 more and offers a 1.3GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor, which can Turbo Boost up to 3.2GHz. Both MacBooks offer 8GB RAM and Intel HD Graphics 615. If you want all the bells and whistles of an i7 processor, 512GB SSD and 16GB RAM it;ll cost you a whopping £1,864. The MacBook Air (above) is bigger and heavier than the MacBook, but only very slightly BUYING ADVICE: Specs comparison On the face of it the MacBook Air offers the best specs, with a faster processor, not just clock speed, but a Core i5 as opposed to a Core M at the base model level. Both offer 8GB RAM as standard. The main big difference is the fact that the MacBook ships with a 256GB flash drive, while the entry-level MacBook Air offers only 128GB. If it's specs you want for your money, then the MacBook Air is still better value. You'll get an i5 processor and 8GB RAM for £300 less than an m3 MacBook. If you only want 128GB storage, you can add an i7 processor for £135 and still spend nearly £200 less than the base MacBook. However with 7th-gen processors, the MacBook has more advanced processing power than the MacBook Air, which is still on 5th generation Broadwell chips. Wondering which Mac to buy? Read our best Mac buying guide MacBook Air vs MacBook: Processor comparison  Regarding that processor difference. How does the Core M stand up to the Core i5? The Core M is Intel’s newer generation of processors that run so cool that they can be fanless. Being fanless means that the computer in which they feature can be thinner and smaller than ever. That M in Core M stands for mobile, though, and these are processors destined for tablets and hybrid laptops, so don’t expect anything like the power of the Core i5. We'll have to wait till we get our hands on the machines for full benchmarks, but it's still safe to stay the MacBook Air is the better performer. That's not to say the 12in MacBook is a complete slouch; we have the 2016 version and rarely experience lag in everyday tasks, and the new 2017 model will be even quicker with the new Kaby Lake processor. However the full i5 processor rather than a mobile version in the MacBook Air is still more capable but hasn't benefitted from a Kaby Lake update - it's still on Broadwell. BUYING ADVICE: Processor comparison While the MacBook Air processor is faster than the MacBook in terms of clock speed there is some question of how big a difference that will make in real world testing. You don't want to edit video on the Core m3 MacBook, for example. If it’s a powerful laptop you are looking for you probably need to consider something other than the MacBook Air or MacBook. The MacBook Pro, which comes in 13in or 15in versions, offers a faster processor and when you consider the 13in models, there isn’t a big leap in price from the MacBook Air to the MacBook Pro. Read: MacBook Air vs MacBook Pro review: 13in Mac laptop battle. MacBook Air vs MacBook: Battery life   Apple went out of its way to fill every empty space in the MacBook with battery. The company describes how it used “every millimetre of space inside the slim MacBook enclosure.” Apple explains on its website how: “Traditional rectangular batteries leave unused space when placed in a curved enclosure, so we created a new type of battery technology that allowed for an innovative terraced battery cell, custom shaped to fit the specific contours of the enclosure.” As a result Apple has eked out 35 per cent more battery cell capacity than would have been possible without the innovation. Batteries actually sit on top of each other, as you can see in the below illustration. Apple claims the MacBook will offer a battery life of up to 10 hours. The 13in MacBook Air has more space in the chassis for battery - enough for 12 hours of battery life, it claims. The Air is certainly capable of even more than that from our experience, and is one of the industry leaders. Apple's MacBook batteries are layered in every available space BUYING ADVICE: Battery life  If you want to buy either of these computers and battery life is important to you, you will get more juice out of the MacBook Air. It's the kind of machine you can leave the house with without the charger. Confidence in the MacBook is slightly lower, though the latest generation will give more battery than previously. 10 hours is still impressive, but the results are less consistent.  MacBook Air vs MacBook: Screen & resolution    The biggest difference is the fact that the MacBook offers a Retina display. That display is LED-backlit display with IPS technology, and offers a 2304x1440 resolution at 226 pixels per inch, as well as support for millions of colours, and a 16:10 aspect ratio. The MacBook Air, on the other hand, offers 1440x900 resolution at 16:9 aspect ratio. The MacBook Air has attracted criticism for the quality of its screen, and the fact that the 16:9 aspect ratio means that the screen depth is much shallower – this matters to you if you want to see the maximum number of lines of a document on your laptop screen. Although it may suit those who watch widescreen movies as the 16:9 aspect ratio is suited to that kind of use.    The bezel around the edge is smaller on the 12in MacBook so you get more screen without having a bigger laptop.  BUYING ADVICE: Screen & resolution  The MacBook offers the superior display, both in terms of screen size and resolution. If it’s a good quality screen you need then the MacBook Air probably won’t cut the mustard. If you like to watch films on your laptop you may be thinking that the MacBook Air would be better with its 16:9 aspect ratio – but the quality of the display is poor in comparison so you probably wouldn’t benefit all that much. There are a couple of options if you are concerned about screen quality. Either plug your MacBook Air into an external screen when you are sat at your desk, or opt for the MacBook Pro with Retina display – at £999 the 13in entry-level model is still cheaper than the MacBook. It's not that the MacBook Air has a bad screen - but the MacBook's is better, if smaller. MacBook Air vs MacBook: Graphics     The MacBook sports the Intel HD Graphics 615 and supports dual display and video mirroring. It can support up to 3840x2160 pixels at 30Hz on an external display. The MacBook Air offers superior graphics: the Intel HD Graphics 6000 and supports dual display and video mirroring. It can support up to 2560x1600 pixels on an external display, less than the MacBook. The MacBook Air does offer Thunderbolt digital video output however. We've yet to test the latest MacBook Air, but we have tested previous generations extensively. When we ran the Batman: Arkham City benchmark test, the 2014 and 2015 MacBook Air models both averaged 29 frames per second in medium detail; and 24 fps in High detail. We haven't yet tested the latest MacBook's graphics, so we can’t comment on how good they are. However, like the Air, it seems unlikely that the graphics in the MacBook would be suitable for game play. BUYING ADVICE: Graphics    Both of these Macs have inferior graphics cards compared to the MacBook Pro, so if good graphics capabilities are necessary for you, you should consider opting for the MacBook Pro instead. However, of the two, the MacBook Air is still superior.  MacBook Air vs MacBook: Capacity      This is one area where the entry level MacBook Air lets itself down in comparison to the MacBook. The £949 MacBook Air ships with 128GB storage, while the entry level MacBook ships with twice the storage, 256GB, although it costs £1,249. £300 is a lot. For a better comparison, the £1,099 MacBook Air ships with 256GB, but that's still £150 less than the MacBook with the same storage. If you are looking for the most storage possible, the cheapest you can get a 512GB MacBook for is £1,549. To get that much storage in your MacBook Air you need to turn to the build to order options. To upgrade the base 128GB MacBook Air to a 512GB drive costs an extra £300, bringing the price to £1,249. That’s £300 less than the 512GB MacBook. BUYING ADVICE: Capacity    It's good that the base MacBook comes with 256GB where the MacBook Air only has 128GB, but the difference of £300 is a lot to justify if you're concerned about storage. Instead, you could opt for the base MacBook Air specced up to 256GB for £1,099.  In terms of storage, the MacBook Air represents better value. MacBook Air vs MacBook: Ports and input The most obvious difference between the MacBook and MacBook Air is the lack of ports on the former. The MacBook (in)famously features only a USB-C port and a headphone port. There isn’t even a Magsafe port for charging as charging is done through the USB-C which also supports USB 3.1 Gen 1 (up to 5 Gbps), Native DisplayPort 1.2 video output, VGA output using USB-C VGA Multiport Adapter (sold separately) and HDMI video output using USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter (sold separately). The USB-C port may support a lot of peripherals, with the necessary adaptor, but there is still only the one USB-C port available and for many that will not be enough. As for the MacBook Air, the 13in model features two USB 3 ports (5Gbps), one Thunderbolt 2 port (up to 20 Gbps), and a MagSafe 2 power port. You also get a SDXD card slot for transferring the photos taken on your camera. The MacBook Air has Bluetooth 4,0 whereas the MacBook has version 4.2. One thing that the MacBook features that the MacBook Air doesn’t is the Force Touch trackpad. This trackpad (which also features on the MacBook Pro) is sensitive to varying degrees of touch pressure: you can set it to respond to harder/deeper presses to activate different features. It also provides what is known as haptic feedback, a tangible, tactile response that in theory allows you to 'feel' what you are interacting with, which means that you feel like you are pressing the trackpad in when actually the pad isn’t moving at all. Read: The new MacBook doesn't deserve the criticism it's getting Also: Best USB Type-C accessories for the Retina MacBook The USB-C port on the MacBook can be used for charging or data transfer BUYING ADVICE: Ports and input If you have a laptop right now and you use all the ports all the time then you may not be able to cope with only one port on the MacBook. However, if your concern is that you won’t be able to use your external mouse or plug in a hard drive while charging your Mac you may be worrying unnecessarily. Adapters are available that will extend the port so that you can plug in more than one thing at a time. The question is whether the tradeoff in ports is enough to justify the smaller, thinner design of the MacBook. And whether you really like the Force Touch trackpad; try one in store.  MacBook Air vs MacBook: Price  This the big difference between the MacBook Air and the MacBook. The entry level MacBook price starts at £1,249 while the entry level MacBook Air is £300 cheaper at £749. The difference in price might be acceptable if the MacBook was more powerful, but you are not paying that extra £300 for a more powerful machine. What you get for the £300 is a better display and a smaller and lighter laptop. While we think the display on the MacBook Air would benefit from improvement, we think £300 is a high price to pay for what is essentially a better screen.  And at the end of the day you could just plug your MacBook Air into an external display which would likely cost you less than £300 (and you’d have the necessary port to do so). That said, the money for the MacBook gets you a better looking, lighter piece of tech. BUYING ADVICE: Price If you are looking for a cheap Mac option then the MacBook is simply not for you right now. It is one of the most expensive Mac laptops as well as being the least powerful. This is a laptop for those who are looking for a status symbol to write their emails and presentations on. If money is no object and you have a penchant for gold then by all means buy a MacBook, but if you just want the cheapest Mac laptop the MacBook Air is a better deal.   MacBook Air vs MacBook: Build to order options    You can get the MacBook with either 256GB or 512GB with build to order specs - a more power i5 or i7 processor and/or up to 16GB RAM.  There are build to order options on the MacBook Air, which gives you a lot more flexibility to design the Mac that best suits your needs. Moving to a Core i7 from i5 will cost you £135. You can also upgrade to 256GB for £150 or 512GB for £300 (that's steep).  BUYING ADVICE: Build to order options For now we’d recommend that if it’s a light laptop you are after you stick with the MacBook Air, upgrading it at point of sale to include the extra RAM and if you can afford it, the faster processor. Read: 8 laptops that rival Apple's new MacBook OUR VERDICT For now it’s clear that the MacBook Air offers the better deal in terms of specs, presuming that you are looking for a light laptop – if weight isn’t an issue then there are even better options in the MacBook Pro range. The MacBook is, for now at least, priced higher than many would think a lower specced machine should be. But the price does not reflect the specs of the MacBook, the price reflects the new technologies that have gone into the first generation of this newly resurrected Mac. Like the MacBook Air, which when it launched cost a lot more than the other Mac laptops, but eventually came down in price to be the entry-level Mac it is today, the MacBook price will come down over time. Eventually it may even replace the MacBook Air. There will, no doubt, be some people who can’t wait to own the MacBook, just as there were some who rushed out to buy that first generation MacBook Air. If you are one of them then we are sure you will enjoy the new machine. But if you’d prefer to wait for the next generation nobody will blame you. Tags: Mac , MacBook Air , Retina MacBook Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Find the best price Best prices today Retailer Price Delivery   Apple £1,249 (256GB model) or £1,549 (512GB model) View Price comparision from , and manufacturers Comments Advertisement Huawei MateBook X review Installer et utiliser WhatsApp sur un iPad How Apple has made creative pros happy again New iMac Pro 2017 latest news - UK release date, price, features, specifications Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Tech Advisor France - Tests complets, conseils Tech Advisor France - Tests Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop Computers iMac 2017 Released In The Wild: Is It Worth The Upgrade? By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on June 9, 2017 01:23 PM Apple has once again unleashed a whole new collection of products during the opening ceremony of the WWDC 2017 event. Among the products released is the new iMac 2017 that now features the latest Kaby Lake processor from Intel. While these have been notoriously lacking in some aspects, Apple assured its consumer base that the new iMac 2017 has been improved from the ground up. New Intel processor Of course, an upgrade will not be complete without the proper processor from Intel. The previous iteration of the iMac used the Skylake processors. Now, iMac 2017s are equipped with the seventh generation Intel processor based on the Kaby Lake architecture. These new processors boasts a15-percent performance boost across the board. Furthermore, the new chip has native support for 4K video processing. Faster storage As with every iteration of iMacs, Apple tries to make the best of it in terms of storage. Although the basic model still features the spinning platter storage, users can still take advantage of faster solid state drive. This time around, Apple speed up the SSD technology by 50 percent and increased maximum storage size of 3TB. New iMac 2017 (via apple.com) Better and more powerful display For photographers and content creators, the iMac 2017’s new display is a welcomed treat. The new 4K and 5K displays are now 43 percent brighter than the previous model. And with Apple including 10-bit dithering into the mix, be ready to glimpse 1 billion colors from the impressive display. For media creators, such as 3D graphics, the new Radeon Pro 500 graphics cards will surely whet one’s appetite. The new on-board graphics is capable of handling just about anything that is thrown at it including five streams of 4K video on Final Cur Pro X. Virtual reality, finally The new iMac 2017 will be the first iMac to ever support virtual reality or VR. This is quite a good news especially for people who consume VR contents on a regular basis. As VR is getting more and more popular these days, it is just right that Apple includes this feature on the new iMac. In addition to a huge number of possible contents, the iMac 2017, along with Final Cut Pro X, will enable users to create 360-degree videos and cutting-edge VR contents easily. VR support on the new iMac (via apple.com) Upgradability For enthusiasts and people who want to save a few bucks, the iMac 2017, especially the 21.5-inch model, is once again upgradable. According to a recent teardown from iFixit, the small iMac 2017 sports a modular CPU and slots for SODIMM memory modules. Unfortunately, unlike the 27-inch model, upgrading the 21.5-inch version is not for the faint-hearted. Upgrading anything on the smaller iMac will still need a good amount of disassembly. Furthermore, doing it yourself will effectively void the device’s warranty. Nevertheless, for experienced iMac enthusiasts, this is surely a great news. As for the maximum size of memory, Apple still limits the RAM size for the 27-inch model to 32GB. However, as confirmed by OWC, the bigger iMac is indeed capable of supporting a maximum of 64GB of RAM. Thunderbolt 3.0 Thunderbolt 3.0 is finally supported on the iMac 2017. The good news is, Apple kept with the tradition of putting two high-speed ports on the new iMac. Consumers can connect as many as two 4K external display to both Thunderbolt 3.0 ports or one 5K display. In addition to external 4K and 5K display, Apple is also allowing users to attach third-party eGPU hardware to the iMac. Now that it features a faster Thunderbolt port, using an eGPU on a Mac is more exciting than ever. Gone are the days of bottle-necking and inefficient eGPU support for the iMac. Price Finally, there is the question of the price. For anyone using the older 21.5-inch 4K iMac, upgrading to the new version is a bit less painful on your pockets. Apple has given the said iMac a $200 price cut. Now, the smaller iMac 2017 is priced at only $1,299. Furthermore, its bigger brother can now be fetched for only $1,499. Data ports on the new iMac (via apple.com) Final verdict There are a lot of things to consider when it comes to upgrading to a new iMac. For one, the 2015 models are already Retina-ready and used quite impressive hardware inside. However, for those who want to experience VR on the iMac would need to upgrade to the new system. In addition to this, enthusiasts who like using eGPUs to improve their graphics handling performance will surely benefit from the iMac 2017’s Thunderbolt 3.0 ports. For those who feel that the AMD Radeon Pro 500 GPUs are still lacking, sticking in another GPU is as easy as inserting a cable to a port. A fast storage, especially for video editors, is very important. Upgrading to the new iMac will surely shorten your wait time when it comes to transferring videos for editing on your Mac. Again, for professional photographers, the new display will help make sure your images are true to their colors. The display’s increased brightness and wider colour gamut will ensure quality images every single time. As Apple has introduced some nice price reductions to both the 21.5-inch and 27-inch iMac 2017s, getting one is a bit less painful on your wallets. Selling your older unit and then toping it up for the new one is much easier than it will ever be. As an end note, if you are looking for an absolute beast of a machine, perhaps waiting until December for the iMac Pro is worth considering. For consumers who are price insensitive and is looking for the best iMac experience, the iMac Pro is the machine you are looking for. For more updates on the iMac 2017, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also read: Analyst Weighs in on Project Scorpio Price: Much Cheaper Than You Think iMac 2017 Released In The Wild: Is It Worth The Upgrade? June 9th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, iMac 2017 Release, specs Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you OnePlus Shares First Official OnePlus 5 Photo With Launch Announcement Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Price Butts Head With iPhone 8? Phablet Shipping Earlier Than Apple’s Device iPad Pro 2017: New iPad Pro Shows Impressive Multicore Score on GeekBench Product TOMOKO Mechanical Gaming Keyboard With 104 Keys Anti-Ghosting TOMOKO 87 Key Mechanical Keyboard, Water-Resistant Gaming Keyboard Super Rude Bear Resurrection VicTsing MM057 2.4G Wireless Portable Mobile Mouse Optical Mice with USB Receiver, 5 Adjustable DPI Levels, 6 Buttons for Notebook, PC, Laptop, Computer, Macbook – Black VicTsing 3 In 1 Fisheye + 0.65X Wide Angle + Macro Lens For IPhone Vtin Over-The-Head Bluetooth Wireless Headset For Drivers About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured God Of War PS4 Release Date In November Image Is Fake Overwatch Summer Games 2017 Confirmed In Datamine, Lucio Ball Return Still Uncertain Skate 4 Could Be EA’s Unannounced Game For EA Play 2017 God Of War PS4 Release Date In November Image Is Fake Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Overwatch Summer Games 2017 Confirmed In Datamine, Lucio Ball Return Still Uncertain Dataminers have found Overwatch Summer Games 2017 icons in the latest test server update.... Dissidia Final Fantasy NT Story Mode Lacks RPG Elements Square Enix took Final Fantasy fans by surprise recently by revealing that the arcade... Tekken 7 Handles Loot Better Than Injustice 2, But Reveals Its Lack Of Content Unlike Injustice 2, Tekken 7 has a wealth of cosmetic items that can be... Analyst Claims Borderlands 3 Release In Summer 2018, No Red Dead Redemption 2 At E3 2017 Known industry analyst Michael Pachter has made some interesting predictions for E3 2017. Based... Bully 2: Kevin’s Back Jack PS4 Listing Surfaces Online, Release Date In Fall In a surprising bit of news that no one expected, a listing for Bully... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One mobile gaming Sony Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon Ubisoft ps4 Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Overwatch Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 Blizzard iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Stop that, it’s silly Home Hardware Intel’s 18-core CPU and, er, other exciting stuff By Jeremy Laird on June 8th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit As I was saying, an 18-core CPU is obviously irrelevant for PC gaming. Actually, I was speaking then of AMD’s then-staggering 16-core Threadripper CPU. Two weeks later, Threadripper is already ancient news. It’s been comprehensively gazumped by a new 18-core CPU from Intel and suddenly the PC hardware landscape looks a little potty. I know I’ve been bleating for literally years about Intel’s sandbagging and how we needed AMD to spice things up. But this is a bit ridiculous. Be careful what you ask for… First and foremost, this is a developing situation. Just two weeks ago, it seemed Intel was all set to unleash its first 12-core desktop CPU. Now the ante has been upped to fully 18 cores in an official announcement for the Computex tech fest in Taiwan. But the announcement was unusual in that it included some fully fleshed out details, including the full model names of the new chips along with core and thread counts, but excluded other critical items such as clockspeeds and power consumption ratings. It’s pure speculation on my behalf, but this feels to me like a very last-minute response to AMD’s CPU roll outs of late. Anywho, the short version of this rather unusual story is that Intel is wheeling out no fewer than nine new processors for its equally new high-end platform, the latter composed of, again, a new socket in the form of LGA2066 and yet more newness courtesy of the X299 chipset. Topping things off is the Core i9 (yup, the i9 family is new, too) 7980XE with 18 cores and 36 threads, but no known clockspeeds for now. It’s yours for $1,999 or very likely a painfully similar figure preceeded by a pound sign and is almost certainly irrelevant to all of us. Ryzen 9 begat Core i9 Intel, of course, has long had the ability to fire out this kind of CPU. It has offered Xeon CPUs with almost countless cores for several generations. But it has taken AMD to finally force its hand. How many of these CPus get sold into the high-end desktop market, I’m not sure. My sense is that chips like the 7980XE are as much or possibly more about ensuring bragging rights for Intel as actually generating sales revenue. The i9 line up also includes a range of nearly but not quite as exotic 16, 14, 12 and 10-core chips, the last of which seems almost accessible by comparison at $999. But it’s really the new core i7 models that are gamer-relevant. The new eight-core Core i7-7820X clocks in at $599 and has very healthy clockspeeds of 3.6GHz base, 4.3GHz Turbo and 4.5GHz Turbo 3.0 (that’s a special Turbo mode that actively determines which cores are capable of running at the highest stable frequency). If you can afford it, that does rather seem to offer a pretty comprehensive combo of single-threaded frequency and multi-core parallelism that should make light work of pretty much any game for a few years to come. But I’d say it’s the new Core i7-7800X that’s most interesting. It’s not exactly cheap at $389, but it is Intel’s most affordable six-core CPU yet and offers a decent Turbo speed of 4GHz. Certainly, it would be a tough choice between the 7800X and the lower end of AMD’s eight-core Ryzen 7 family. AMD still offers better value, to be sure. But Intel is at least more competitive at that rough price point. I count 20 cores. Like I said, a developing situation… As for the oddball Core i7-7740X and Core i5-7640X will sit in the bottom two rungs of Intel’s new LGA2066 range, I’m not sure what to make of them. My understanding is that they are the existing Kaby Lake quad-core CPU dies, as seen in the Core i7-7700K and Core i5-7600K for the mainstream LGA1151 socket, but rewired for LGA2066 and with the integrated graphics disabled. At $339 and $242 respectively, they’re price parity with their LGA1151 cousins – at least at pre-announcement pricing for the existing pair – though they offer very slightly higher baseclocks but not Turbo speeds. The only way I can see to make sense of them is as gateway CPUs for the LGA2066 platform. In other words, they help keep the overall up-front cost of upgrading to an LGA2066 PC under control and allow a future upgrade path to those big core count CPUs. As things stand right now, then, these latest developments from Intel and AMD arguably don’t have much direct impact on the choices most gamers must make when configuring a new PC. All the 10-core and beyond models are arguably too much money for far too little gaming relevance. Ermegerd, so many pins…er pads! Even Intel’s new six and eight-core CPUs are probably too pricey for the majority. Meanwhile, the new Intel quad-core models come with some expensive baggage in terms of requiring an X299 motherboard. In other words, the real-world choice remains that of Intel’s existing Core i5 and Core i7 chips for the LGA1151 socket, which offer the safest bet for ensuring good gaming performance in this very here-and-now, or AMD’s Ryzen 5 and Ryzen 7s, which are clearly better value and might well prove more future proof thanks to offering more affordable six and eight-core options. Like I said, the situation is developing fast. I fully expect to see Intel add a six-core chip for its mainstream LGA1151 socket later this year and I’m hoping that will be part of a further re-jigging of prices that will see six cores slot in where Intel’s best quad-core chips currently reside in the price lists and those in turn become yet more accessible. Things are moving in the right direction, then. But I’d be holding out just a little longer to see how things develop later this year before pulling the trigger on that new gaming rig. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 31 Comments 08/06/2017 at 21:35 causticnl says: If I can the talk Linuxtech had was very informative, and shows what absolute mess currently the new chipset and socket is. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:46 Buuurr says: It is always fun to see the cattle flock to the sound of the farmer. One who is not of the herd cannot help but be fascinated by the blind obedience and trust. In short, the chips are not released yet. Intel has most always NOT been a disappointment in their releases. There is no evidence that this will be any different. What we have are fan boys with empty pockets crying yet again. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:25 Phasma Felis says: I don’t really have a dog in this fight, but wow do you sound like a pompous jerk. Do you use the word “sheeple” unironically? In my experience, the only people who rush to call people fanboys are other fanboys. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:06 Blasg says: Yep, definitely a jerk. Pompous or not Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 21:57 Tyrmot says: My next chip will be an AMD (for the first time) Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 09:14 Czrly says: I’d hate to say that my next chip will be AMD but, right now, I could not buy another Intel one. I bought an i7 7700k a few weeks ago and it is truly junk. The speeds are fine but the quality-control is rubbish and the thing is impossible to cool – even at stock clocks and voltages. Quite simply, you can put a great water block on top of it and all you have done is waste your money – the heat simply doesn’t get from the silicon to the copper fast enough because the bean-counters at Intel have cut costs in the manufacturing process of the heat-spreader and whatever gunk lies between it and the die. 28 degrees idle to 100 degrees at load in under 2 seconds – not overclocked! The chip is throttled at 100. Cut the load and the temperature falls almost instantly to 30 again showing that the external cooling is just fine. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 14:03 Person of Interest says: I’m aware of the inconsistent voltage/power consumption on the Kaby Lake K-series, but if your processor spikes to 100C in two seconds, there is almost certainly something wrong with your cooling mount and/or motherboard voltage settings. The drop back to 30C is not strong evidence that the cooler is mounted correctly. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:08 brucethemoose says: Xeons work in desktop motherboards, but ya’ll already know that. What most people don’t know is that single socket Xeons (previously branded as E5-1xxx) are generally overclockable. For example, when the i7-4960X was supposedly the baddest kid on the block, you could buy a 8C E5-1680v2 and overclock it. It even had better thermal properties, as it used a huge 12-core die with 4 cores disabled (whereas the 4960X used a small 6 core die). So, while it will probably be a weird OEM SKU us mere mortals can’t buy (as was the case with Haswell/Broadwell), an unlocked 24 core+ Skylake-e monster could exist. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:26 Jokerme says: If you buy a Xeon to overclock it, you are doing something wrong. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:49 Buuurr says: Why? Explain? Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:35 brucethemoose says: Try telling that to happy SR-2 owners :P Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:10 Banks says: Despite the slower clocks and the high dependence on faster RAM, ZEN cpus are outstanding. IMO, they are so good that building with Intel right now is a mistake. Intel could have reacted to this in many ways, but I think they have done it in the worst possible way. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:35 KaiUno says: Price parity would’ve killed the Ryzen dead. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:17 sandineyes says: If I were in a position to make a new build, the $599 i7-7820X would seem to be the best of the line-up for the price. The cheaper skylake-sp lacks the fancy new Turbo Boost, and the clock rates are not great if you are in it for gaming. The $999 part seems to just have more cores and pci-e lanes. I’m not sure what the purpose of the Kaby Lake-X parts are, except perhaps to offer an entry point into the platform. You don’t get the four channel memory, nor increased pci-e lanes, nor the Turbo Boost 3.0, nor the AVX-512 instructions. Seems like it would be better to wait for Coffee Lake. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:23 Don Reba says: I would really like to see a Threadripper vs Skylake-X benchmark making the most of available AVX instructions. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:48 ravenshrike says: Here’s the problem for Intel. The boards for X299 are probably going to start at around 200 dollars. Whereas you can get the 6 core Ryzen part and an overclockable motherboard for all of 320 bucks, 300 if you’re willing to go small form factor. This vs figure almost double for the 6 core Skylake-X and mobo. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:53 Buuurr says: The problem you are siting has never been a problem for Intel. They hold 80% of the market share for processors. They have held this share for a good 15-20 years now. AMD has always been the cheap alternative, as it is the case now. The status quo has in no shape or form changed. How could this be defined as a problem for Intel? From a business standpoint it is off to the market as usual. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 09:41 phuzz says: The Athlon64 was the cheap alternative sure, but it was also faster and cooler than anything Intel had at the same time. Another plus for AMD in my book is that I can buy mid-range CPUs without integrated graphics. I’ve got a graphics card, I don’t need to waste money on integrated graphics I’m never going to use (except when my GPU broke, I admit it was handy then). Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:46 GettCouped says: You are incorrect. The AMD design is actually a big win for business. AMD is using infinity fabric to link multiple clusters together to make a coherent processor with near perfect scalability. What does that mean? They basically link 4 8 core r7s together to make a 32 core 64 thread monster that performs better than anything Intel has, at a cheaper price, with better TDP, at incredible yields. Intel is in some serious trouble. Watch this video and learn something. link to youtu.be Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:06 racccoon says: Actually this is briliant news for PC players & users as we had a massive slump many years ago where nothing was happening and we lumbered with a tech that we thought would never evolve much. This has awakened that sleep and made it more greater than before and the future of the PC is still alive as long their is competitiveness and technological advances. I love Intel for their dedicated hard work. I love Nvidia for their dedicated hard work. all the rest are nags just helping the top two go faster. thanks nags.. p.s. boooo to consoles lol Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:33 Tuidjy says: I know a few definitions for carper bagging, and I cannot see any way any of them can match your use in the third sentence. It clearly has nothing to do with luggage or the American South. I cannot have anything to do with newcomers, because Intel has been around forever, and were founded explicitly to do what they have always done, i.e. they did not move or switch targets for a underhanded gain. And I finally, I even looked up the British meaning, which I knew was different from the American ones, and I cannot see how Intel is trying to demutualize any company. So how are Intel carper bagging? Arguably, someone could think that the processor scene needs some carpetbaggers, but Intel cannot play that role. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:48 ravenshrike says: Pretty sure he meant sandbagging. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:53 ooshp says: Pretty sure he meant Intel is acting like a steak stuffed with oysters. Log in to Reply 10/06/2017 at 00:19 Jeremy Laird says: I did and you may claim your £5. Or something. Would it help if I said I’ve been under a lot of strain recently? I mean, I haven’t, but would it help if I said I have?! :D Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:22 robotslave says: You know, there might be a few budget-constrained game developers reading your little web site here. And for them, this news is anything but irrelevant (particularly if they’re keen on Agile-type methodologies with tight build/test cycles). Give it a little time, and the impact might even make it all the way to the people who play the games those readers build… Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:58 braven5 says: Seem all the majour people in the tech community like Linus and Jay2cents among many others are very upset at Intel and backing AMD for the high end productivity stuff, this guy kinda covers the technical reason for it link to youtube.com Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 08:45 Dudeface says: RE. the Intel die shot – if you look closely you’ll notice the 2nd in from the left ‘core’ in both the top and bottom rows is actually different. So possibly the MCC die does top out at 18 cores? Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:27 The Almighty Moo says: I’ve been watching these with baited breath- holding off for a new computer for some time now and just as I got in a place to do it Jeremy started recommending holding off. Story of my life, but does give me something to look forward to. Just say the word Mr. Laird! Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 12:22 aircool says: My PC is 5 years old (albeit with a GTX 970) and still does the job, but there’s no doubt I should be looking to get a new one. Unfortunately, there hasn’t been any significant improvements to CPU’s (still got an i5-3750K) to justify a whole new mobo/CPU/RAM upgrade. I thought that intel might have something to offer this year (tick-tock and all that), but there’s nothing that warrants justifies the cost. So, it looks like another year of my GFX card being throttled by the CPU in many games (despite those games being perfectly playable on high settings). One thing that does confuse me though is the i5 vs i7 debate. Some people say that hyper threading is important for games, other say that it’s not worth the extra money. That’s probably another reason why I’m holding off, I don’t want to get an i5 only to find out I need an i7 (or an i7 only to find it’s surplus to requirements). Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 16:07 Soapeh says: Yep, I’m in a similar boat. I’ve had an OC’d 2500k @ 4.4Ghz for the last 5 years and it’s showing signs of age when paired with my 980 trying to run on a gsync monitor. At high refresh rates the Sandy Bridges are seemingly bottlenecking the performance but I suppose I’ll have to hold out longer to see what these new platforms will offer. I had eyed up the 7700k for the crazy single-thread performance at 4.5Ghz but now it seems wise to check out the competition between Intel and AMD. Log in to Reply 10/06/2017 at 00:19 tormeh says: I recently underclocked my CPU (FX 8350) to 1GHz just to see what cores games would use. Surprisingly enough, games remained playable but with significant stutter. Anyway, many AA games never needed more than 4 cores even at that clock. Even among AAA games it was rare to find a game that could use more than 6. If you buy an 8 core your 2017 games will never really have any threads competing for a core. Sure, there will probably be more than one thread per core, but no more than 8 of those threads will use significant processor time. 6 cores seems to me to be the sweet spot right now. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature, graphics, Hardware, intel, Intel Core i9, Intel LGA2066, Intel X299, week in tech. Search for clues News and things Mad Catz files for bankruptcy Nine lives run out eventually Nvidia’s new $700 1080 Ti in theory beats $1200 Titan X 35% faster than a 1080 ZeniMax seek injunction shutting down Oculus SDK Oh gosh! “We’re building 3 full VR games, not experiments”- Valve Believes huge tech improvements incoming And much more… The Top Best Bestest Games Of 2017 So Far 43 absolute gems Football Manager 2017 pass-and-save diary, part one: A game of four halves Four players, one manager Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber basilisk : “I wouldn't say that. It really is a replacement.” on Best PC gaming deals of the week elevown : “You are forgetting his initial criteria. 'We only have time to rescue one game from ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 robby5566 : “Oof I dunno about this one man. We're talking about the year of FFVII, Dungeon ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 Slazia : “Maybe get Assetto Corsa instead if you haven't already.” on Project Cars 2 racing out on September 22 elevown : “I really remember this game as being fantastic though It's been so long I forgot ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time On Prey's Ending Deceitful yet meaninful The Flare Path: Row Boats Meet Mare Nostrum Best PC Gaming Deals Of The Week Find yourself a bargain Intel’s 18-core CPU and, er, other exciting stuff Stop that, it’s silly Unknown Pleasures: 10 of the best new Steam games More diamonds in the rough Can Videogames Teach You Programming? And which games might do it... Have You Played... Middle-Earth: Shadow Of Mordor? Where's my nemesis?! My first (and only) kill in PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Beach house The Bestest Best Games Of 2016 So Far A bonus bestest best! E3 is as close as this industry gets to Eurovision I'm really looking forward to it Have You Played... Batman: Arkham Knight? Deploy BatFranchise The 15 Best Space Games Be pilots, pirates and space truckers. Premature Evaluation: Production Line You can have any genre as long as its Sim Police Stories has a free alpha and a lot of potential Questions later Pip And Alice's Sims 4 House (Alice Is A Jerk) Living next door to Alice Have You Played... Dead Space? Isaac Yankem The Pipwick Papers Politics, pop music and and paired fonts All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 5909 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 0.948% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Surface Laptop Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Windows 10 Windows 10 S Windows 10 Mobile Windows Phones Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 The Xbox Lounge Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors Laptop Buyers Guide Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Laptop Surface Book Surface Pro Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Reviews Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Podcast Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Newsletter Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Get 'em while they're hot! The new Surface Pen is now available for preorder at Microsoft Buyer's guide Got a Surface Book? You need to see these awesome accessories. Major marketing makeover Microsoft must passionately market Surface Laptop to take on Apple Takin' care o' business Dell Latitude 5285 is a Surface Pro clone for enterprise Surface FTW Surface Pro beats the brand new iPad Pro in a spec comparison — by a mile < > Surface Laptop Surface Pro Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Pre-order: Surface Laptop | NEW Surface Pro Making the right decision Surface Pro vs. Surface Book: Which should you buy? By Mauro Huculak Thursday, Jun 8, 2017 at 11:00 am EDT 15 Comments The never ending question: which one should I buy? In this guide, we'll help you decide whether you should get a Surface Pro (2017) or a Surface Book. After a long wait, Microsoft has now introduced the Surface Pro 4 successor, but it's not called the "Surface Pro 5," instead it's simply called the "Surface Pro" without a number. Although this feels more like a refresh, the new Surface Pro (2017) is lighter and thinner than its predecessor with rounded edges. The new version also sports the latest Intel processors. Some models have a fanless design, the kickstand goes down further, and you can expect longer battery life. Indeed, it's the best Surface Pro yet, but it's not the only one. If you've been looking to get a Surface, you probably came across the Surface Book, which is also a 2-in-1 that packs some serious horsepower in a sleek and compact design that can make your buying decision a bit more difficult. While Microsoft is targeting these devices to different audiences, the decision to which one to buy can come down to design, graphics, battery life, and pricing. Updated June 8, 2017, to reflect the comparison between Surface Book and Surface Pro (2017). Design When you first look at the Surface Book, it's not hard to realize that the laptop has a design inspired by the Surface Pro line. However, the Surface Pro (2017) is 7.93mm thick while the Surface Book is 22.8mm on its thickest point (when you detach the display, you'll end up with a 7.7mm thin clipboard). Additionally, the Surface Book can be as heavy as 3.48 pounds when you get it with the discrete graphics processor, and the Surface Pro can be as light as 1.69 pounds (without the Type Cover). In other words. If you pick a Surface Pro, you'll probably never notice that you're carrying a computer in your backpack, while the Surface Book will make a statement. The Surface Pro sports a 12.5-inch display, while the Surface Book includes a 13.5-inch screen. And even though, you're getting a larger viewing real estate with the laptop, interesting enough, both provide the same 267 pixels-per-inch (PPI) density, 3:2 aspect ratio, 100 percent sRGB color, and support for the Surface Pen. You also get a multi-position kickstand that now goes down up to 165 degrees with the Surface Pro, which improves functionality while using the Surface Dial. The Surface Book doesn't include a kickstand, but you get a keyboard base with a dynamic fulcrum hinge design that helps with stability and "lapability." However, because you can use it as a tablet as well, the device includes a new hinge design, which is not as steady as those found on traditional clamshell laptops. Hardware specifications is another aspect to consider, while the Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book included similar specifications, the Surface Pro (2017) has more updated components. The Surface Pro and Surface Book sport the same 8-megapixel rear-facing and 5-megapixel front-facing camera, and they both offer support for Windows Hello. These two devices come with a wide variety of configurations, but the biggest difference will be in the processor. The Surface Book uses Intel's sixth generation (Skylake) processors, while the Surface Pro (2017) includes Intel's seventh generation (Kaby Lake) processors, which run faster, snappier, cooler, and they get better battery life. Also, the Surface Book only offers the choice of Intel's Core i5 and i7 with 8GB or 16GB of memory, while the latest Surface Pro gives you the choice of Core m3, i5 and i7 with the option of 4GB, 8GB, or 16GB of memory. In addition, thanks to the improvements on the Kaby Lake processors, you can now get the Surface Pro with Core m3 and i5 with a fanless design. Aside from the processor, both devices offer configurations up to 16GB of memory and up to 1TB of SSD storage. The Surface Book comes with a the "best in class" full-size keyboard. The touchpad also works great, it's very accurate, and it's made of the same glass material found in the Type Cover. If you go with the Surface Pro, you'll need to purchase a Type Cover separately, which this time around comes in three new colors (platinum, cobalt blue, and burgundy). Of course, that's if you pick the one covered with Alcantara fabric. You're not getting USB Type-C on either device, but the Surface Book features two USB 3.0, SD card reader, and Surface Connect port. In the Surface Pro, you only get one USB 3.0, microSD card reader, and Surface Connect port. Battery life When it comes to battery life, the Surface Pro now offers up to 13.5 hours of video playback, unlike the 12 hours with the Surface Book. The company was able to increase the battery life as a result of new improvements on Windows 10, a new technique to integrate the storage into the motherboard, and thanks to the new Intel processors. But... If you throw in the Performance Base version of the Surface Book, you're looking at up to 16 hours of video playback. If you go with the Surface Book, you can detach the screen and use it as a tablet, but you'll only get 3 hours of battery. You'll need to keep the display attached to the base to get the claimed 12 hours (or 16 hours with the Performance Base). If you'll be using the device more like a tablet, then your best option would be a Surface Pro. Graphics On graphics, there is not doubt that the Surface Book delivers the most graphics performance. You don't get one, but two graphics chips, including an Intel HD Graphics 520 inside the display and an optional NVIDIA processor on the base. In the Surface Book with the Performance Base, you get even more performance with a NVIDIA GTX965M chip. If you're in the market for a device that can handle graphics intensive applications, then you'll appreciate the benefits with the Surface Book. Microsoft Surface Book Performance Base review: The price of power and performance It's not all about work. With outstanding graphics, you can also use the laptop for gaming. Of course, you don't have to expect flawless 60FPS on graphical intensive video games, but overall games will look good on the Surface Book, and even better on the Surface Book with Performance Base. The Surface Pro wasn't designed for graphics demanding applications, but it includes the Intel's latest graphics processors, and you'll get very decent experience playing games. The Core m3 model of the Surface Pro includes Intel's HD Graphics 615, which offers similar performance than the HD Graphics 520 in the Surface Book. The Core i5 model sports Intel's HD Graphics 620, and the Core i7 features an Intel Iris Plus Graphics 620, which are more powerful than the chip integrated into the Surface Book. Pricing The money you'll spend is another factor that will play a role in the decision. Both devices offer different configurations and different price points, but the Surface Pro will always be the choice if you're looking for value. A Surface Pro (2017) base model comes with a Core m3 processor and 4GB of memory, and it starts at $799 without the Type Cover or Surface Pen, compared to the $1,499 starting price for the Surface Book with a Core i5 and 8GB of memory. You can always max out the Surface Pro with an Core i7 processor, 16GB of memory, and 1TB SSD for $2,699, while a similar Surface Book configuration, but using an Intel sixth generation processor, starts at $3,199. The Surface Book with Performance Base starts at $2,399 with a 256GB SSD storage and 8GB of RAM, and it maxes out at $3,299 for the 1TB SSD and 16GB of RAM. Surface Book vs. Surface Pro tech specs In the table below, you can compare the Surface Pro and Surface Book tech specs side-by-side, which can help you make a better decision. Category Surface Book Surface Pro Software Windows 10 Pro Windows 10 Pro Display 13.5-inch PixelSense display 12.3-inch PixelSense Display Display resolution 3000 x 2000 at 267ppi Aspect Ratio: 3:2 2736 x 1824 267ppi Aspect Ratio: 3:2 Processor 6th-Gen Intel Core i5 or i7 (Skylake) 7th-Gen Intel Core m3, i5 or i7 (Kaby Lake) Storage 128GB, 256GB, 512GB SSD 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, 1TB SSD Memory 8GB or 16GB RAM 4GB, 8GB or 16GB RAM Graphics i5: Intel HD graphics (non-GPU), i5/i7: NVIDIA GeForce graphics (GPU), GTX965M (Perf. Base) m3 Intel HD graphics 615, i5 Intel HD graphics 620, i7 Intel Iris graphics 640 Rear camera 8MP, 1080P recording 8MP, 1080P recording Front camera 5MP Full HD (1920 x 1080) Windows Hello 5MP Full HD (1920 x 1080) Windows Hello Speakers Stereo speakers with Dolby audio Stereo speakers with Dolby Audio Premium Ports Two full-size USB 3.0, Full-size SD card reader, Surface Connect, Headset jack, Mini DisplayPort Full-size USB 3.0, microSD card reader, 3.5mm headset jack, Mini DisplayPort, Type Cover port, Surface Connect WiFi Wi-Fi 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.0 Wi-Fi 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.1 Battery life Up to 12 hours (up to 16 hours w/Perf. Base) Up to 13.5 hours Pen Surface Pen 1,024 levels of pressure sensitivity Surface Pen 4,096 levels of pressure sensitivity (sold separately) Weight Clipboard: 1.6lbs, Non-GPU: 3.34lbs, GPU: 3.48lbs i5/i7: 1.73lbs, m3: 1.69lbs Dimensions Laptop: 9.14 x 12.30 x 0.51- 0.90-in ( 232.1 x 312.3 x 13 -22.8mm) Clipboard: 8.67 x 12.30 x 0.30-in (220.2 x 312.3 x 7.7mm) 11.50 x 7.9 x 0.33-in (292mm x 201mm x 8.5mm) Should you buy a Surface Pro or a Surface Book? It's now the time to pick one, but remember that these devices belong to different categories, and you can only compare them up to a certain point. While both devices share many similarities, they're built for different audiences, and we're also comparing devices that have been released at different times. The Surface you want to get will depend on the type of work you'll be doing. If you'll be working with graphics intensive applications, or playing games, you'll benefit from the NVIDIA graphics processor. Also, if you're looking for a device that includes a full-size keyboard and stylus with better "lapability," then the Surface Book may be the right choice. If you need even longer battery life and better graphics, then the Surface Book with Performance Base could be the one. If you won't be working with hardware intensive applications, and you'll be doing everyday tasks like document editing, video streaming, web browsing, and you like a smaller device with long battery life, then the new Surface Pro is probably your best bet. In addition, the Surface Pro has a LTE option that will be available later this year, if you're looking for a device with on-the-go connectivity. The Surface Pro (2017) will be available starting June 15, and pricing starts at $799 in the United States, and with the Surface Pen and Type Cover (Alcantara fabric), you're looking at $1,058.98. The Surface Book is available now, and pricing starts at $1,499 for the based model and $2,399 for the Performance Base. See Surface Pro at Microsoft See Surface Book at Microsoft See Surace Book w/Perf. Base at Microsoft Reader comments Surface Pro vs. Surface Book: Which should you buy? 15 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating JediTWang Guys, make up your mind which Surface Book you're talking about, in many parts of the article you reference SB w/PB, but then at the end you link to the older version. There's some BIG differences betwen the older version & the newest one, makes sense to only talk about the newest, just as you are for the Surface Pro (in my country tis the only version still sold -not sure about the US). 1 1 day ago Reply kobe_mvp Does it actually have 13.5 hours battery life? The last one has only 7 hours tops 1 1 day ago Reply JediTWang That's what is claimed, it's yet to be confirmed, but even if it's ~10 in RWT, it'll be a BIG improvement over older versions of the SP. 2 1 day ago Reply kobe_mvp ye, I am able to get 12 hours out of my surface book so my usage is on par with their claims i don't doubt them. But from 9 hours to 13.5 hours, the improvement seems to be too big in 1 generation. What has actually been change? 0 1 day ago Reply JediTWang There was some deeper dives on how they achieved it around the time of the announcement, dig-up the coverage. The "proof will be in the pudding" though... 0 1 day ago Reply Andrew G1 7 hours if you're lucky, and MS claimed 9 hours! Microsoft claims in the footmotes of their Surface Pro site that they got the 13.5 hour number from testing on an i5. That might suggest the m3 doesn't do as well. So if in real life usage it's 25-30 percent worse than what's claimed, that's still about 10 hours for the i5, worse for the i7, and maybe also worse for the m3. -2 1 day ago Reply nohone It all depends on what you are doing with it. If you are writing code and running compilers, debugging, etc. it will get less time. If you are just watching a video, that is the time you will get. All device makers use watching video as their way of determining battery life. The thing is, even Microsoft hating web sites have reported that Microsoft devices actually get more than advertised on that metric, while the fruity competition get less than they advertise. -1 1 day ago Reply Heatnup Surface book is far superior, I absolutely love it. Price difference when your talking over 1k machines is minimal for what you get Also to note, I think the surface laptop is useless and over hyped on this site. 0 1 day ago Reply Hanley Gibbons Am I the only one that thinks the Surface Laptop should have been called Surface Book (2017)? I'd rather the Surface Pro just be the Surface, and the Surface Book be called the Surface Pro. -2 1 day ago Reply BonzeUK Yup probably the only one ;-) None of that makes any sense...... 2 1 day ago Reply Dush Ku But Surface is the cheaper non-Win 10 Pro tablet.  I wonder if that one will start coming with Win 10 S or if they will drop it altogether 0 1 day ago Reply indieimprint Surface Book obv 2 1 day ago Reply Lostcar Personally, I would never use a portable machine for graphics intensive work as the screens are too small, so for me SP4 will do fine. 0 1 day ago Reply Dush Ku bigger screen, better keyboard makes it for book 0 1 day ago Reply Matthias Boerner I would buy the Surface Book 2 (3), but I cannot wait, so i bought the Surface Pro - also perfect 😊 0 18 hours ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Sign in | Register | Logout   Virtualization Server Hardware Server Software Open Source Data Center Management Server Operating Systems About Us Server News Tutorials Server Trends Reviews Server Topics Slideshows Newsletter Sign-Up Virtualization Server Hardware Server Software Open Source Data Center Management Server Operating Systems Power and Cooling More Serverwatch.com Server Reviews Read more on "Power and Cooling" » RECOMMENDED MOST POPULAR 1 Azure Automation DSC Configures from the Cloud 2 HPE's Apollo 4510 Does Windows Storage Server 2016 3 Windows Server 2016 Does Containers 4 Server Review: Opengear IM7200 Infrastructure Manager 5 Minimalist Windows Server 2016 Means Nano Server 1 OpenStack Cloud Evolves Beyond Its Python 2.6 Roots 2 VMware's Pulse Perfectly Timed for an Increasingly Internet of Things World 3 Worldwide Server Shipments and Revenue Continue Decline in 1Q17 as Cloud Impact Grows 4 HPE Secures Industry Standard Servers 5 VMware Grows as AWS Service Set to Ramp Up Intel Skull Canyon NUC Handles Heavy Workloads By Paul Ferrill (Send Email) Posted May 10, 2017 Digg DZone Reddit Slashdot StumbleUpon del.icio.us Facebook FriendFeed Furl Twitter Google Intel has been producing the NUC (Next Unit of Computing) series for a while now, and the little devices have become quite popular as a demo platform for a wide range of server and cluster products. The latest release in the Intel NUC family is the model NUC6i7KYK, also known as Skull Canyon, and it packs a ton of features into a tiny form factor. We recently acquired two of these units to serve as a test platform for a wide range of software technologies. The small form factor device is only 28 mm tall and 166 by 211 mm on the edges. That works out to 1.1 inches tall and 6.54 by 8.31 inches around the outside. The functionality you get in that space makes this device a portable powerhouse. It also comes with VESA mounting brackets should you choose to mount the box to your favorite monitor. Skull Canyon Hardware While the Skull Canyon doesn’t have the most powerful CPU in the Intel arsenal, it does come with a Core i7-6770HQ, sporting a total of four cores running at 2.6 GHz (see Figure 1). The PassMark CPU benchmark gives it a 9679 rating, putting it at about a third of the current price / performance leader, the Core i7-2630QM. Memory capacity is a hefty 32 GB, which we populated with two Crucial 16 GB DDR4 SO-DIMMS. Inside the little box you’ll find two M.2 SSD slots, where we installed a Crucial 1 TB and a Sandisk 256 GB SSD. The smaller device is used as the OS boot disk while the larger drive serves as bulk storage. The front of the case offers an SD card slot, two USB 3.0 ports (including one charging port), a headphone jack, and a consumer infrared sensor. On the rear you’ll find the power jack, a TOSLINK audio port, a RJ-45 gigabit Ethernet port, two more USB 3.0 ports, one version 1.2 Mini DisplayPort, one full-size HDMI 2.0 port, and a single Thunderbolt 3 port (see Figure 2). This NUC supports up to three 4K monitors with the embedded Intel Iris Pro Graphics. To top it all off you get dual-band Wireless-AC and dual mode Bluetooth 4.2 support as well. Software Windows 10 is currently the most supported operating system in the way of drivers. For our purposes we wanted to take full advantage of the Thunderbolt 3 ports for high-speed networking, and the latest Windows 10 drivers work just fine. Windows 10 offers support for Hyper-V and Docker containers, making it the perfect development and test platform for these technologies. No longer do you need a dedicated server box to test out your container or virtualization projects. We used two of these devices to test a number of storage virtualization products designed to work on top of Hyper-V. While all of the products tested were designed for the Windows Server version of Hyper-V, we were able to install and run them on our NUCs running Windows 10 Creators Edition. All three of the vendors would be quick to point out that this is not a supported configuration, but it does work. Intel provides a number of drivers for a variety of operating systems on their support website. Currently supported desktop OSes include the 64-bit versions of Windows 10, 8.1, and 7. On the server side they offer some driver support for Windows Server 2012 R2 and a limited number for Windows Server 2012. Noticeably missing from the Server versions is a driver for the Thunderbolt 3 port. This is a disappointing deficiency as it limits the amount of testing that can be accomplished for things like failover clustering using the high-speed networking capability. Hopefully this will be rectified in the future. We were able to configure the NUC to dual boot Windows 10 and Windows Server 2016 using the boot-to-VHD technique for booting into Windows Server. This works quite well with the exception of the missing Thunderbolt 3 driver. The advantage to this approach is the ability to use the large 1 TB SSD from both Windows 10 and Windows Server 2016. This comes in handy when using large Hyper-V virtual machine disk images. Wrap Up The advantages of having two server-class machines that fit in your carry-on luggage are numerous. For presentation and training scenarios this setup works quite well. A single machine can handle just about any Hyper-V or containers scenario you can throw at 32 GB of memory. So far we haven’t been able to oversubscribe the memory with limited testing. We’ve even used some of Microsoft’s memory-hungry data science virtual machines with no problems. Limitations on the Windows Server side primarily surround the lack of driver support for the Thunderbolt 3 port. It is possible to add additional Ethernet ports using the USB 3.0 ports and the proper adapter. With this approach you could accommodate up to five 1 GB Ethernet ports if you used Bluetooth for keyboard and mouse. The base price for the NUC Skull Canyon is under $600 from a variety of vendors. Our units as tested came to just over $1100 for 32 GB of memory and the two SSD devices. Not bad for a totally portable workhorse of a system. Paul Ferrill, based in Chelsea, Alabama, has been writing about computers and software for almost 20 years. He has programmed in more languages than he cares to count, but now leans toward Visual Basic and C#. Follow ServerWatch on Twitter and on Facebook Page 1 of 1 Read more on "Power and Cooling" » Tags: Intel, server hardware, computing, heavy workloads, Skull Canyon 0 Comments (click to add your comment) Comment and Contribute Your name/nickname Your email (Maximum characters: 1200). You have characters left.     Thanks for your registration, follow us on our social networks to keep up-to-date
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Stop that, it’s silly Home Hardware Intel’s 18-core CPU and, er, other exciting stuff By Jeremy Laird on June 8th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit As I was saying, an 18-core CPU is obviously irrelevant for PC gaming. Actually, I was speaking then of AMD’s then-staggering 16-core Threadripper CPU. Two weeks later, Threadripper is already ancient news. It’s been comprehensively gazumped by a new 18-core CPU from Intel and suddenly the PC hardware landscape looks a little potty. I know I’ve been bleating for literally years about Intel’s sandbagging and how we needed AMD to spice things up. But this is a bit ridiculous. Be careful what you ask for… First and foremost, this is a developing situation. Just two weeks ago, it seemed Intel was all set to unleash its first 12-core desktop CPU. Now the ante has been upped to fully 18 cores in an official announcement for the Computex tech fest in Taiwan. But the announcement was unusual in that it included some fully fleshed out details, including the full model names of the new chips along with core and thread counts, but excluded other critical items such as clockspeeds and power consumption ratings. It’s pure speculation on my behalf, but this feels to me like a very last-minute response to AMD’s CPU roll outs of late. Anywho, the short version of this rather unusual story is that Intel is wheeling out no fewer than nine new processors for its equally new high-end platform, the latter composed of, again, a new socket in the form of LGA2066 and yet more newness courtesy of the X299 chipset. Topping things off is the Core i9 (yup, the i9 family is new, too) 7980XE with 18 cores and 36 threads, but no known clockspeeds for now. It’s yours for $1,999 or very likely a painfully similar figure preceeded by a pound sign and is almost certainly irrelevant to all of us. Ryzen 9 begat Core i9 Intel, of course, has long had the ability to fire out this kind of CPU. It has offered Xeon CPUs with almost countless cores for several generations. But it has taken AMD to finally force its hand. How many of these CPus get sold into the high-end desktop market, I’m not sure. My sense is that chips like the 7980XE are as much or possibly more about ensuring bragging rights for Intel as actually generating sales revenue. The i9 line up also includes a range of nearly but not quite as exotic 16, 14, 12 and 10-core chips, the last of which seems almost accessible by comparison at $999. But it’s really the new core i7 models that are gamer-relevant. The new eight-core Core i7-7820X clocks in at $599 and has very healthy clockspeeds of 3.6GHz base, 4.3GHz Turbo and 4.5GHz Turbo 3.0 (that’s a special Turbo mode that actively determines which cores are capable of running at the highest stable frequency). If you can afford it, that does rather seem to offer a pretty comprehensive combo of single-threaded frequency and multi-core parallelism that should make light work of pretty much any game for a few years to come. But I’d say it’s the new Core i7-7800X that’s most interesting. It’s not exactly cheap at $389, but it is Intel’s most affordable six-core CPU yet and offers a decent Turbo speed of 4GHz. Certainly, it would be a tough choice between the 7800X and the lower end of AMD’s eight-core Ryzen 7 family. AMD still offers better value, to be sure. But Intel is at least more competitive at that rough price point. I count 20 cores. Like I said, a developing situation… As for the oddball Core i7-7740X and Core i5-7640X will sit in the bottom two rungs of Intel’s new LGA2066 range, I’m not sure what to make of them. My understanding is that they are the existing Kaby Lake quad-core CPU dies, as seen in the Core i7-7700K and Core i5-7600K for the mainstream LGA1151 socket, but rewired for LGA2066 and with the integrated graphics disabled. At $339 and $242 respectively, they’re price parity with their LGA1151 cousins – at least at pre-announcement pricing for the existing pair – though they offer very slightly higher baseclocks but not Turbo speeds. The only way I can see to make sense of them is as gateway CPUs for the LGA2066 platform. In other words, they help keep the overall up-front cost of upgrading to an LGA2066 PC under control and allow a future upgrade path to those big core count CPUs. As things stand right now, then, these latest developments from Intel and AMD arguably don’t have much direct impact on the choices most gamers must make when configuring a new PC. All the 10-core and beyond models are arguably too much money for far too little gaming relevance. Ermegerd, so many pins…er pads! Even Intel’s new six and eight-core CPUs are probably too pricey for the majority. Meanwhile, the new Intel quad-core models come with some expensive baggage in terms of requiring an X299 motherboard. In other words, the real-world choice remains that of Intel’s existing Core i5 and Core i7 chips for the LGA1151 socket, which offer the safest bet for ensuring good gaming performance in this very here-and-now, or AMD’s Ryzen 5 and Ryzen 7s, which are clearly better value and might well prove more future proof thanks to offering more affordable six and eight-core options. Like I said, the situation is developing fast. I fully expect to see Intel add a six-core chip for its mainstream LGA1151 socket later this year and I’m hoping that will be part of a further re-jigging of prices that will see six cores slot in where Intel’s best quad-core chips currently reside in the price lists and those in turn become yet more accessible. Things are moving in the right direction, then. But I’d be holding out just a little longer to see how things develop later this year before pulling the trigger on that new gaming rig. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 31 Comments 08/06/2017 at 21:35 causticnl says: If I can the talk Linuxtech had was very informative, and shows what absolute mess currently the new chipset and socket is. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:46 Buuurr says: It is always fun to see the cattle flock to the sound of the farmer. One who is not of the herd cannot help but be fascinated by the blind obedience and trust. In short, the chips are not released yet. Intel has most always NOT been a disappointment in their releases. There is no evidence that this will be any different. What we have are fan boys with empty pockets crying yet again. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:25 Phasma Felis says: I don’t really have a dog in this fight, but wow do you sound like a pompous jerk. Do you use the word “sheeple” unironically? In my experience, the only people who rush to call people fanboys are other fanboys. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:06 Blasg says: Yep, definitely a jerk. Pompous or not Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 21:57 Tyrmot says: My next chip will be an AMD (for the first time) Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 09:14 Czrly says: I’d hate to say that my next chip will be AMD but, right now, I could not buy another Intel one. I bought an i7 7700k a few weeks ago and it is truly junk. The speeds are fine but the quality-control is rubbish and the thing is impossible to cool – even at stock clocks and voltages. Quite simply, you can put a great water block on top of it and all you have done is waste your money – the heat simply doesn’t get from the silicon to the copper fast enough because the bean-counters at Intel have cut costs in the manufacturing process of the heat-spreader and whatever gunk lies between it and the die. 28 degrees idle to 100 degrees at load in under 2 seconds – not overclocked! The chip is throttled at 100. Cut the load and the temperature falls almost instantly to 30 again showing that the external cooling is just fine. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 14:03 Person of Interest says: I’m aware of the inconsistent voltage/power consumption on the Kaby Lake K-series, but if your processor spikes to 100C in two seconds, there is almost certainly something wrong with your cooling mount and/or motherboard voltage settings. The drop back to 30C is not strong evidence that the cooler is mounted correctly. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:08 brucethemoose says: Xeons work in desktop motherboards, but ya’ll already know that. What most people don’t know is that single socket Xeons (previously branded as E5-1xxx) are generally overclockable. For example, when the i7-4960X was supposedly the baddest kid on the block, you could buy a 8C E5-1680v2 and overclock it. It even had better thermal properties, as it used a huge 12-core die with 4 cores disabled (whereas the 4960X used a small 6 core die). So, while it will probably be a weird OEM SKU us mere mortals can’t buy (as was the case with Haswell/Broadwell), an unlocked 24 core+ Skylake-e monster could exist. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:26 Jokerme says: If you buy a Xeon to overclock it, you are doing something wrong. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:49 Buuurr says: Why? Explain? Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:35 brucethemoose says: Try telling that to happy SR-2 owners :P Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:10 Banks says: Despite the slower clocks and the high dependence on faster RAM, ZEN cpus are outstanding. IMO, they are so good that building with Intel right now is a mistake. Intel could have reacted to this in many ways, but I think they have done it in the worst possible way. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:35 KaiUno says: Price parity would’ve killed the Ryzen dead. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:17 sandineyes says: If I were in a position to make a new build, the $599 i7-7820X would seem to be the best of the line-up for the price. The cheaper skylake-sp lacks the fancy new Turbo Boost, and the clock rates are not great if you are in it for gaming. The $999 part seems to just have more cores and pci-e lanes. I’m not sure what the purpose of the Kaby Lake-X parts are, except perhaps to offer an entry point into the platform. You don’t get the four channel memory, nor increased pci-e lanes, nor the Turbo Boost 3.0, nor the AVX-512 instructions. Seems like it would be better to wait for Coffee Lake. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:23 Don Reba says: I would really like to see a Threadripper vs Skylake-X benchmark making the most of available AVX instructions. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 23:48 ravenshrike says: Here’s the problem for Intel. The boards for X299 are probably going to start at around 200 dollars. Whereas you can get the 6 core Ryzen part and an overclockable motherboard for all of 320 bucks, 300 if you’re willing to go small form factor. This vs figure almost double for the 6 core Skylake-X and mobo. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 00:53 Buuurr says: The problem you are siting has never been a problem for Intel. They hold 80% of the market share for processors. They have held this share for a good 15-20 years now. AMD has always been the cheap alternative, as it is the case now. The status quo has in no shape or form changed. How could this be defined as a problem for Intel? From a business standpoint it is off to the market as usual. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 09:41 phuzz says: The Athlon64 was the cheap alternative sure, but it was also faster and cooler than anything Intel had at the same time. Another plus for AMD in my book is that I can buy mid-range CPUs without integrated graphics. I’ve got a graphics card, I don’t need to waste money on integrated graphics I’m never going to use (except when my GPU broke, I admit it was handy then). Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:46 GettCouped says: You are incorrect. The AMD design is actually a big win for business. AMD is using infinity fabric to link multiple clusters together to make a coherent processor with near perfect scalability. What does that mean? They basically link 4 8 core r7s together to make a 32 core 64 thread monster that performs better than anything Intel has, at a cheaper price, with better TDP, at incredible yields. Intel is in some serious trouble. Watch this video and learn something. link to youtu.be Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:06 racccoon says: Actually this is briliant news for PC players & users as we had a massive slump many years ago where nothing was happening and we lumbered with a tech that we thought would never evolve much. This has awakened that sleep and made it more greater than before and the future of the PC is still alive as long their is competitiveness and technological advances. I love Intel for their dedicated hard work. I love Nvidia for their dedicated hard work. all the rest are nags just helping the top two go faster. thanks nags.. p.s. boooo to consoles lol Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:33 Tuidjy says: I know a few definitions for carper bagging, and I cannot see any way any of them can match your use in the third sentence. It clearly has nothing to do with luggage or the American South. I cannot have anything to do with newcomers, because Intel has been around forever, and were founded explicitly to do what they have always done, i.e. they did not move or switch targets for a underhanded gain. And I finally, I even looked up the British meaning, which I knew was different from the American ones, and I cannot see how Intel is trying to demutualize any company. So how are Intel carper bagging? Arguably, someone could think that the processor scene needs some carpetbaggers, but Intel cannot play that role. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 02:48 ravenshrike says: Pretty sure he meant sandbagging. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:53 ooshp says: Pretty sure he meant Intel is acting like a steak stuffed with oysters. Log in to Reply 10/06/2017 at 00:19 Jeremy Laird says: I did and you may claim your £5. Or something. Would it help if I said I’ve been under a lot of strain recently? I mean, I haven’t, but would it help if I said I have?! :D Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 05:22 robotslave says: You know, there might be a few budget-constrained game developers reading your little web site here. And for them, this news is anything but irrelevant (particularly if they’re keen on Agile-type methodologies with tight build/test cycles). Give it a little time, and the impact might even make it all the way to the people who play the games those readers build… Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 06:58 braven5 says: Seem all the majour people in the tech community like Linus and Jay2cents among many others are very upset at Intel and backing AMD for the high end productivity stuff, this guy kinda covers the technical reason for it link to youtube.com Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 08:45 Dudeface says: RE. the Intel die shot – if you look closely you’ll notice the 2nd in from the left ‘core’ in both the top and bottom rows is actually different. So possibly the MCC die does top out at 18 cores? Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 11:27 The Almighty Moo says: I’ve been watching these with baited breath- holding off for a new computer for some time now and just as I got in a place to do it Jeremy started recommending holding off. Story of my life, but does give me something to look forward to. Just say the word Mr. Laird! Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 12:22 aircool says: My PC is 5 years old (albeit with a GTX 970) and still does the job, but there’s no doubt I should be looking to get a new one. Unfortunately, there hasn’t been any significant improvements to CPU’s (still got an i5-3750K) to justify a whole new mobo/CPU/RAM upgrade. I thought that intel might have something to offer this year (tick-tock and all that), but there’s nothing that warrants justifies the cost. So, it looks like another year of my GFX card being throttled by the CPU in many games (despite those games being perfectly playable on high settings). One thing that does confuse me though is the i5 vs i7 debate. Some people say that hyper threading is important for games, other say that it’s not worth the extra money. That’s probably another reason why I’m holding off, I don’t want to get an i5 only to find out I need an i7 (or an i7 only to find it’s surplus to requirements). Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 16:07 Soapeh says: Yep, I’m in a similar boat. I’ve had an OC’d 2500k @ 4.4Ghz for the last 5 years and it’s showing signs of age when paired with my 980 trying to run on a gsync monitor. At high refresh rates the Sandy Bridges are seemingly bottlenecking the performance but I suppose I’ll have to hold out longer to see what these new platforms will offer. I had eyed up the 7700k for the crazy single-thread performance at 4.5Ghz but now it seems wise to check out the competition between Intel and AMD. Log in to Reply 10/06/2017 at 00:19 tormeh says: I recently underclocked my CPU (FX 8350) to 1GHz just to see what cores games would use. Surprisingly enough, games remained playable but with significant stutter. Anyway, many AA games never needed more than 4 cores even at that clock. Even among AAA games it was rare to find a game that could use more than 6. If you buy an 8 core your 2017 games will never really have any threads competing for a core. Sure, there will probably be more than one thread per core, but no more than 8 of those threads will use significant processor time. 6 cores seems to me to be the sweet spot right now. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature, graphics, Hardware, intel, Intel Core i9, Intel LGA2066, Intel X299, week in tech. Search for clues News and things Mad Catz files for bankruptcy Nine lives run out eventually Nvidia’s new $700 1080 Ti in theory beats $1200 Titan X 35% faster than a 1080 ZeniMax seek injunction shutting down Oculus SDK Oh gosh! “We’re building 3 full VR games, not experiments”- Valve Believes huge tech improvements incoming And much more… The Top Best Bestest Games Of 2017 So Far 43 absolute gems Football Manager 2017 pass-and-save diary, part one: A game of four halves Four players, one manager Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber basilisk : “I wouldn't say that. It really is a replacement.” on Best PC gaming deals of the week elevown : “You are forgetting his initial criteria. 'We only have time to rescue one game from ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 robby5566 : “Oof I dunno about this one man. We're talking about the year of FFVII, Dungeon ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 Slazia : “Maybe get Assetto Corsa instead if you haven't already.” on Project Cars 2 racing out on September 22 elevown : “I really remember this game as being fantastic though It's been so long I forgot ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time On Prey's Ending Deceitful yet meaninful The Flare Path: Row Boats Meet Mare Nostrum Best PC Gaming Deals Of The Week Find yourself a bargain Intel’s 18-core CPU and, er, other exciting stuff Stop that, it’s silly Unknown Pleasures: 10 of the best new Steam games More diamonds in the rough Can Videogames Teach You Programming? And which games might do it... Have You Played... Middle-Earth: Shadow Of Mordor? Where's my nemesis?! My first (and only) kill in PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Beach house The Bestest Best Games Of 2016 So Far A bonus bestest best! E3 is as close as this industry gets to Eurovision I'm really looking forward to it Have You Played... Batman: Arkham Knight? Deploy BatFranchise The 15 Best Space Games Be pilots, pirates and space truckers. Premature Evaluation: Production Line You can have any genre as long as its Sim Police Stories has a free alpha and a lot of potential Questions later Pip And Alice's Sims 4 House (Alice Is A Jerk) Living next door to Alice Have You Played... Dead Space? Isaac Yankem The Pipwick Papers Politics, pop music and and paired fonts All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 5909 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 0.948% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Security Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Networking Cloud Storage DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Events Calendar Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter FPGA designers turn to machine learning in the cloud Kirvy Teo, Pulnify - Leave a Comment Even with all the attention focused on mobile-device apps for everything from ride sharing and Instagram to music streaming, the semiconductor industry still holds sway for passionate engineers who want to make a difference – even if the application is far removed from the consumer experience. One such example involves a couple of savvy engineers who recognized that data analytics could solve some of the more vexing FPGA design challenges. A few trends around the growing use of FPGAs caught their attention. For one, engineering groups have a renewed interest in FPGAs, notably highlighted by Intel’s acquisition of Altera. While an increasing number of software developers realize that FPGAs are ideal for implementing their algorithms, they found that they’re not easy to design. The ongoing tussle between FPGAs, GPUs, and custom accelerators in data centers further illustrates the importance of FPGAs in high-performance heterogeneous computing platforms. The problems had to do with the timing and performance of complex IC designs. As FPGAs and design flows become more complex, the number and difficulty of critical timing and performance issues increase exponentially. The inability to achieve timing closure can delay a product’s time to market as engineering groups struggle to achieve their design’s timing goals. And additional requirements often come in late that need more logic, increasing logic density that can negatively impact timing. In the worst-case scenario, a larger device or a faster speed grade must be used to achieve closure, impacting a product’s profitability, especially at higher volumes. Perhaps even more interesting is the increasing use of FPGAs driving hardware design to the cloud because semiconductor companies don’t have the hardware resources available to manage new FPGA designs. An example is Intel’s Quartus Prime or Xilinx’s Vivado memory specs that make compile time impossible on a desktop computer or workstation. Instead, engineering managers are turning to cloud computing services for faster results and reduced capital expenditures. The final trend is the range of artificial intelligence and machine learning applications to support FPGA and ASIC designs. The obvious conclusion is to solve timing closure. The performance could benefit a variety of markets beyond data centers, such as advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and high-frequency trading (HFT). Plunify engineers devised a solution to address performance and timing challenges using machine learning techniques to close timing and optimize FPGA designs, analyzing past compilation results to predict optimal synthesis/place-and-route parameters and placement locations out of quadrillions of possible solutions. And, of course, the tool resides in the cloud or on a user’s servers. Tools like this learn and infer what tool parameters, such as synthesis options, place-and-route options and placement locations, are best for a design. They use statistical modeling and machine learning to draw insights from the data to improve quality of results. The tools’ learning capabilities ensure that the more an engineering group uses them, the smarter the learning database becomes, accelerating the time to design closure. Kirvy Teo is the co-founder and vice president at Plunify. He graduated from the National University of Singapore with a BS degree in Computer Science and has more than 10 years of experience in web and application development. Teo speaks only English and Mandarin, but writes codes in 10 languages. Topics covered in this article hardware design design closure Cloud fpga Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVII Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit an Article Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Sat, 10 Jun 2017 03:54:31 +0000
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Apple's new iPhones may not support gigabit LTE iOS Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | June 9, 2017 0 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               Most new iPhone rumors we’ve seen lately have tried to nail down what new features Apple’s next handset will include. But today one report is focusing on a feature that the next iPhone might lack. Apple’s next iPhones won’t include support for gigabit LTE speeds, claims sources speaking to Bloomberg. That’s because while Qualcomm currently offers a modem with support for 1 gigabit LTE download speeds, Intel doesn’t yet have such a modem available. Apple has been using both modems in its devices, and the company reportedly doesn’t want to rely on a single supplier for parts in its flagship device. Apple and Qualcomm are currently in the middle of a legal battle, with the former company claiming that the latter one has been abusing its position as a manufacturer of important cellphone chips to ask for unreasonable patent licensing terms. So Apple will likely end up using modems from both Qualcomm and Intel in its next iPhones. And while those Qualcomm modems may be capable of 1 gigabit LTE download speeds, Apple probably doesn’t want to end up offering one version of iPhone that can achieve gigabit LTE speeds and another version that can’t. All four major US carriers are working toward offering gigabit LTE speeds, with some claiming that we could see this service launch in 2017. We’ll have to wait and see if that pans out for the carriers and if Apple does end up shipping its new iPhones without gigabit LTE support, but even if those things happen, the lack of gigabit LTE may not be a huge deal for Apple’s new iPhones. LTE is still plenty fast for a lot of folks, and it’s unclear how widespread the carriers’ gigabit LTE coverage will be initially. Do you consider gigabit LTE support a must-have feature in a new smartphone? Source:  Bloomberg iOS Rumors and Leaks Apple Next ArticleHow many unused apps do you have on your phone? Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A30 Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel GO FLIP Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung ANS H450R Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry KEYone BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life One X2 BLU Life One X2 Mini BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio J5 BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Avail Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Essential Phone Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC U11 HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P10 Huawei P10 Plus Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch Huawei Watch 2 i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aristo LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG G6 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG Harmony LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K20 plus LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG Phoenix 3 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Risio LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spree LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Stylo 3 LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto C Plus Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto G5 Moto G5 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Polaroid A4 Polaroid A5 Polaroid A6 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Active Samsung Galaxy S8+ Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal Z-320 ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE MAX XL ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Prestige 2 ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 6GB AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Unlimited AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited AT&T Unlimited Choice AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Plus AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile Unlimited Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $11 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $11 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $125 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $125 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $13 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $150 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $175 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $200 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $7 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 2GB Single Line Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Forward Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Prepaid T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 2GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 6GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data $50 TeltikOne Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus International Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Mobile Caring TPO Mobile Gentle TPO Mobile Hero TPO Mobile Infinity TPO Mobile Kind TPO Mobile Noble TPO Mobile North America TPO Mobile People's TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details Twigby 1000 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 200 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 500 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby Unlimited Talk and Text U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 300 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 5GB Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Unlimited Verizon Unlimited Prepaid Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB334MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB834MB900MB938MB2083MB1250MB1667MB3750MB6250MB7500MB8750MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Xiaomi Mi 6 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 day 9 hours ago 3 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 0 Farewell from Marco! Marco Hanna 1 week 2 days ago 5 shares 1 0 0 4 0 0 0 0 0 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 Tablet Review Beau Hamilton 2 weeks 2 days ago 4 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 1 Alcatel A30 vs BLU R1 HD: Best Budget Smartphones Under $100 Beau Hamilton 3 weeks 1 day ago 8 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 0 1 1 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG Stylo 2 V 1 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel XL 1 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: One Year Later 10 shares 2 5 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 Android 7.0 Nougat on OnePlus 3T 12 shares 2 3 0 0 0 0 4 2 1 Best Tech of January 2017! 14 shares 10 1 0 0 0 0 0 2 1 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG Stylo 2 V Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel XL Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG X Style Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T offering $10 DirecTV Now LG X venture is a rugged Android AT&T Galaxy S6, S6 edge, S6 AT&T to begin deprioritizing I’m not angry that apps to prevent AT&T 5G Evolution service now Samsung Galaxy S8 hardware won Sprint News HTC U11 begins shipping to US ZTE Max XL coming to Sprint with 6 Sprint will give customers six Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Sprint planning for 5G rollout in Have you switched carriers to get Sprint Magic Box is an indoor T-Mobile News Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ T-Mobile will begin selling new 10 T-Mobile launching two iPhone T-Mobile Tuesdays celebrating one- Kyocera DuraForce Pro lands at T- T-Mobile Digits launching next T-Mobile tempting Verizon Verizon Wireless Samsung Gear S3 Classic and Verizon launching new prepaid Verizon offering free Google Home Moto Z2 Play official with thinner ASUS ZenFone AR will launch at Verizon LG Watch Sport has been Cell Phone Deals May 2017 Digest PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Trace Pickering, pioneer in learner-centered education, to keynote K-12 education track LEARN MORE Most Popular Most Recent Cedar Rapids banks to combine KGAN anchor sues former employer for age, gender discrimination Union mounts incredible comeback to top North Scott in 2A state soccer semifinals Center Point-Urbana heads to first state soccer title game with 1-0 win over North Polk Large crowd turns out as Kolach Festival begins in Cedar Rapids Iowa City West takes opener against City High, increasing series win streak to 9 Center Point-Urbana heads to first state soccer title game with 1-0 win over North Polk Union mounts incredible comeback to top North Scott in 2A state soccer semifinals Brad Sweet dominates World of Outlaws at Knoxville Raceway Jermaine Palacios with 5 hits, Kernels with 22 in 15-5 drubbing of Burlington iPhones' data speed could be slower than rivals' Some other devices will be 100 times faster than before Video Photo Graduating students hold up their iPhones as Apple CEO Tim Cook (not pictured) is introduced to speak during Commencement Exercises at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S., June 9, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder Bloomberg News Jun 9, 2017 at 3:33 pm | Print View Verizon, AT&T and the rest of the U.S. wireless industry have a big boast for this year’s crop of smartphones. Thanks to network upgrades, devices will be able to download as much as a gigabit of data in a single second — speeds 100 times faster than before. But that won’t be the case for Apple Inc.’s newest iPhones, devices to go on sale later this year, leaving the company’s most important product potentially lagging behind the data performance of rival smartphones. The reason stems from the delicate and sometimes complicated way Apple manages the supply of the components embedded in its flagship device — in this case, the modems, which handle the connection between a phone and the cellular network. One of Apple’s suppliers, Qualcomm Inc., sells a modem capable of the 1 gigabit download speeds. Another supplier, Intel Corp., is working on a modem with the same capability, but it won’t be ready for the iPhone’s introduction, according to people familiar with Apple’s decision. The shares fell as much as 1.6 percent, to $152.56, in New York on Friday, the biggest intraday drop since May 17. Apple in theory could use Qualcomm’s chips. But it has an aversion to being dependent on a single supplier, and its relationship with San Diego-based Qualcomm is particularly thorny. Apple is embroiled in a bitter legal fight with the chipmaker, accusing the supplier of maintaining an illegal monopoly, and it’s seeking to loosen Qualcomm’s grip on the market for high-end smartphone modems. That’s why Apple will stick with Qualcomm modems for some of its new iPhones while relying on Intel for others. Until Intel is able to offer its chips with matching features, Apple won’t enable some of capabilities of the phones running with Qualcomm modems, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the plan isn’t public. Apple, Qualcomm and Intel declined to comment. Apple’s decision clashes with the marketing plans of a cellular industry desperate to show off faster network speeds to grab market share. The top U.S. wireless carriers — Verizon AT&T, T-Mobile US Inc. and Sprint Corp. — have declared 2017 the year of 1 gigabit speeds. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles BlackRock urges Exxon to disclose more a ... President Donald Trump claims 'vindicati ... In easing Dodd Frank rules, House Republ ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Deadline Continue to Deadline SKIP AD You will be redirected back to your article in seconds Menu Deadline TV Donald Trump Stalls For Time When Asked About Comey Tapes At News&nbsp… Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Top Stories Box Office ‘The Mummy’ Unraveling: Uni Pic Eyes Dusty $30M Start by by Lisa de Moraes TV Cosby Trial: D.A. Rests Case As Week 1 Comes To Close by by Lisa de Moraes ATX: ‘Northern Exposure’ Revival?, ‘This Is Us’, More Awardsline Tonys: Predicting Winners In Tightest Races In Years by by Lisa de Moraes TV Donald Trump Stalls For Time When Asked About Comey Tapes At News Conference by Lisa de Moraes June 9, 2017 12:28pm 9 TV Breaking News Politics TV News Donald Trump James Comey REX/Shutterstock President Donald Trump once again dodged a question as to whether he taped conversations with FBI Director James Comey, as he had suggested in a tweet shortly after sacking him. Related Perfect Casting Helps Make 'The Comey Show' A Hit “Well, I will tell you about that, sometime in the very near future,” Trump sidestepped when a reporter directly asked him, during a Rose Garden news conference, whether the tapes actually exist . Trump said he would be happy to testify under oath that he had not told Comey he expected loyalty from him, and had not pressed Comey to end the FBI’s investigation of former National Security advisor Michael Flynn. Comey had asserted both claims, when testifying under oath on Thursday before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Russian interference in the 2016 political election and possible Trump team collusion. “I hardly know the man; I’m not going to say, ‘I want you to pledge allegiance. Who would do that; it hardly makes sense,” Trump said dismissively of Comey. Addressing the questions at a joint presser with Romanian President Klaus Iohannis, reporters noted Trump was “hinting” the tapes exist. “I’m not hinting anything. I’ll tell you over a very short period of time,” he said – suggesting he’s maybe going to give an exclusive interview to Fox News Channel on the subject. When reporters kept shouting questions about the tapes, Trump shot back, “Oh you’re going to be very disappointed when you hear the answer.” (Meanwhile, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters, as to when they will have an answer on Trump tapes: “When he’s ready. Just watch the helicopter.”) Taking questions at the White House, the President of the United States said, to the world, “Should I take one of the killer networks, that treat me so badly, as fake news?” Asked why he tweeted earlier today he felt “completely vindicated” by Comey’s testimony, Trump responded: “No collusion, no obstruction; he’s a leaker.” And, once again Trump said the FBI’s probe of Russian interference in the 2016 was “just an excuse” for the Dems having lost the election. “So that was just an excuse.” Trump stands alone in that assertion; all U.S. intelligence agencies, Comey, and even many Republicans, agree Russians did meddle in the election. “We were very happy,” Trump said in the Rose Garden about Comey’s testimony, adding, “Frankly, James Comey confirmed a lot of what I said, and some of the things he said just weren’t true.” Those were Trump’s first public remarks about Comey’s Thursday testimony before the Senate committee. Earlier on Friday, Trump, via Twitter, accused Comey of lying under oath and leaking details of a conversation about which Trump had threatened there might be tapes. Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication…and WOW, Comey is a leaker! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 9, 2017 This after Comey, under oath, testified Trump directed him to shut down the bureau’s investigation of former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, then sacked him to derail the bureau’s probe of Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election. During his under-oath testimony, Comey’s “Lordy! I hope there are tapes” tore through the Internet, with the inevitable T-shirts following, and Comey then dared Trump to release the tapes: “The President surely knows if there are tapes. If there are, my feelings aren’t hurt. Release the tapes.” After Comey’s testimony, Trump’s lawyer called Comey a leaky liar, but stopped there, which pundits took to suggest there are no tapes. Comey testified he had made arrangements for the leak of his conversation with Trump after Trump tweeted a threat to Comey about recordings of their conversations. Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 9 9 Comments Cancel reply Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. kerzondax • on Jun 9, 2017 12:43 pm The ONLY question is … can America survive this coup. I doubt it. Reply DE • on Jun 9, 2017 12:45 pm I thought I had Bush fatigue after four years of Bush’s first term, until this POTUS45 was sworn in, and it’s only been 150+ days in the Office. Reply Tamara • on Jun 9, 2017 1:12 pm Egg on the POTUS face again…. Reply Only Hot Takes • on Jun 9, 2017 1:14 pm Can people pls give this guy a chance? He’s one of these 70 yr old deal masters who seems to have no comprehension of how the greater world functions. Reply eye roll • on Jun 9, 2017 1:16 pm This supposed ‘taping system’ that he’ll talk about “sometime in the very near future” is pulled form the same box of BS that his Hawaiian investigators looking for Obama’s birth certificate came from. A distraction. Except now the wheels of justice are bearing down on him, His main problem is that he can’t shut up. He thinks he can outthink his enemies by having his operatives do his dirty work. But like in the Comey firing, he stepped on his own alibi (Rosenstein’s letter recommending Comey be let go) — admitting to Lester Holt *he* was responcible for firing Comey because of the Russia investigation. An unforced error that only builds the obstruction of justice against him. His own hubris and sociopathic behavior got him the presidency — but it will also be the thing that does him in. Reply • on Jun 9, 2017 2:29 pm Of course he will–right after his private detectives release the shocking information he turned up on Obama’s birth certificate and that’ll be right after he releases his taxes. Fucking liar. Reply Dixon Steele • on Jun 9, 2017 2:35 pm Stalling for time? In the future,he may be doing it… Reply • on Jun 9, 2017 4:00 pm Hillary won the popular vote. Let her be president. She’ll hit the undo button on this hot mess of an administration and put some GOP criminals behind bars where they belong. Reply dolgoda • 7 hours ago He said he had tapes..so there are either tapes or there are not tapes. If there are not tapes, he is a liar. Reply What's Hot on Deadline 1 Actress Glenne Headly Has Passed Away; Was Shooting Hulu Series 'Future Man' 2 'The Mummy' Pounded To Dust By 'Wonder Woman'; Tom Cruise Movie Reps Lowest Domestic Debut In Uni Series 3 Jennifer Esposito Leaving 'NCIS', Joining John Travolta Feature 'Speed Kills' 4 Bill Maher Apologizes Again For N-Word; Ice Cube Says Slur "Like A Knife" 5 Bill Cosby Feared Looking Like "A Dirty Old Man", Jury Hears 6 Bill Cosby Jurors Hear That Actor Feared Extortion From Accuser 7 Reza Aslan Out At CNN On Heels Of Trump "Piece of Sh*t" Tweet 8 'Insatiable': Netflix Picks Up Ex-CW Pilot Starring Debby Ryan To Series 9 Netflix To 'Sense8' Fans: The Dream Is Over, Show Not Returning 10 'Black Panther': Marvel Unleashes New Poster, Claws And All Latest TV News Kyra Sedgwick, Liz Tigelaar & Mara Brock Akil Call For Gender Equality: “We've Been Working For Men For a Long Time"… Bill Maher Apologizes Again For N-Word; Ice Cube Says Slur “Like A Knife” ‘Northern Exposure’ Revival? Producers & Cast In Favor Of It – ATX ‘Series Of Unfortunate Events’: Nathan Fillion, Tony Hale, Sara Rue, Lucy Punch & Roger Bart Join Season… 'This Is Us': NBC's Jennifer Salke Says "Season 2 Will Be Incredible" – ATX Television Execs Talk Peak TV, Netflix Cancellations & More – ATX More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS Bill Maher Recovers From N-Word Debacle But What Has He Learned… Nathan Fillion, Tony Hale, Others Join A Series of Unfortunate… Amber Rose Flashes Her Crotch In Racy New Instagram Pic So the launch of Blackberry's new phone is going really well About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife SPY TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2017 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2017 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
Deadline Continue to Deadline SKIP AD You will be redirected back to your article in seconds Menu Deadline TV Perfect Casting Helps Make ‘The Comey Show’ A Hit Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Top Stories Box Office ‘The Mummy’ Unraveling: Uni Pic Eyes Dusty $30M Start by by Lisa de Moraes TV Cosby Trial: D.A. Rests Case As Week 1 Comes To Close by by Lisa de Moraes ATX: ‘Northern Exposure’ Revival?, ‘This Is Us’, More Awardsline Tonys: Predicting Winners In Tightest Races In Years by by Lisa de Moraes TV Perfect Casting Helps Make ‘The Comey Show’ A Hit by Lisa de Moraes June 8, 2017 7:30pm 8 TV Breaking News Commentary Legal Politics TV News Donald Trump REX/Shutterstock TV news outlets still are happily gnawing over James Comey’s riveting performance before the Senate Intel Committee looking into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election. Late-night hosts have taped the day’s programs and are about to get their crack at Comey’s performance, which had held the country captive for nearly three hours. Related Donald Trump 'Not A Liar,' Says Sarah Huckabee Sanders After James Comey Testimony Says Otherwise The Comey Show was a barn-burner. It had Russian hookers, and a murdered saint. Comey called Trump a liar. Trump called Comey a leaky liar. A good time was had by all. Right-wing news outlets pronounced Trump the hands-down winner.  More liberal media called it a very bad day for Trump and a big win for Comey, handing him special-merit badges for his “Lordy, I hope there are tapes!” gag, and for explaining he had not wanted to talk to reporters camped out at the end of his driveway after his firing because “I worried that it would be like feeding seagulls at the beach.” Fantasy casting already is underway, with Kevin Smith suggesting Nathan Fillion is the only possible person to play Comey in the inevitable premium-cable movie, while others favored Kyle Chandler, Vince Vaughn, or, yes, Tom Cruise. Pundits who compared this to the Watergate and the McCarthy hearings did not oversell. The former FBI director’s mesmerizing account of his interactions with Trump already had been forecast to be the stuff, ratings-wise, of the M*A*S*H finale and latter-day Super Bowls rumored to have broken sewage systems in major markets as viewers glued to their seats throughout the proceeding finally all got up simultaneously to relieve themselves. It was so big the broadcast networks dumped their daytime fare to cover. So big that Nielsen plans to issue a collective audience stat on Friday, an exercise usually reserved for presidential inaugurations and State of the Union Addresses among Washington-set events. In maybe the most stunning revelation, Comey revealed that, after he was sacked and Trump tweeted at him ominously… James Comey better hope that there are no ‘tapes’ of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press! …Comey woke up at 2 in the morning and realized leaking to the press was just the right touch, turning over memos he’d written about his conversations with Trump to a pal, so they could be leaked to the New York Times. Comey testified he’d hoped that might trigger appointment of a Special Counsel to investigate. Walking up to Thursday’s The Comey Show, Trump flew to Cincinnati to celebrate Infrastructure Week on Wednesday. While Trump had his back turned, Comey dramatically announced to the world that he had been fired because Trump had demanded his loyalty after informing him meaningfully that loads of people wanted his job, and had pressed him to drop a probe into Trump’s former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, and had repeatedly pressured him to publicly declare Trump was not under investigation – and, most tantalizingly, had insisted to Comey he did not hang out with Russian hookers. Comey pulled off this stunt with flair, asking the intel committee to release to the public the remarks he’d send them that were billed as his opening comments for Thursday’s committee appearance. RelatedRead James Comey’s Opening Remarks To Senate Intelligence Committee But Comey chose not to perform those seven gripping pages at the top of Thursday’s The Comey Show. Instead, looking as attractively haggard as Jimmy Stewart in his big scene in Mr Smith Goes To Washington, the ousted FBI director opened with a passionate message: In sacking him, Trump “chose to defame me and the FBI saying the organization was in disarray and poorly led” and that “he had lost confidence in its leader.” “Those were lies, plain and simple…I’m so sorry the FBI workforce had to hear that,” Comey added, ever more Capra-esquely. “I want the American people to know this truth: The FBI is honest, the FBI is strong and the FBI is, and always will be, independent,” concluded the guy Trump called a “showboat” and “grandstander” to Lester Holt – and a “nut job” to the Russians, when he had them over to the Oval Office. Saying he would like to take a moment to address his former FBI colleagues – since Trump had sacked him while he was recruiting at FBI HQ in Los Angeles and not allowed the chance to say goodbye to them in person – Comey said into the TV cameras: “I am sorry I did not get the chance to say goodbye to you properly.” He called his service with them, “the honor of my life.” REX/Shutterstock “I will miss it for the rest of my life. Thank you for standing watch, and thank you so much for doing so much good for this country.” In one of the most highfalutin moments of the made-for-TV testimony, Sen. Angus King (I-Maine) asked Comey if, when a President of the United States in the Oval Office says something like “I hope” or “I suggest” in re knocking off the Flynn probe, “do you take that as a directive?” “Yes, yes, it rings in my ear as kind of ‘Will no one rid me of this meddlesome priest?’ ” Comey responded, to the delight of King, who chimed in, “I was just going to quote that in 1170, December 29, Henry II said, ‘Who will rid me of this meddlesome priest?’ and the next day he was killed, Thomas Becket.” “That’s exactly the same situation,” King added enthusiastically. “We’re thinking along the same lines,” he beamed. After Thursday’s testimony wrapped, Trump’s personal lawyer had held a presser to call Comey a leaky liar, and called for Comey to be investigated over his having leaked what he insisted were privileged docs to the press. Marc Kasowitz also insisted the New York Times began quoting leaked intel before Trump’s tweet, though CNN fact-checked that one and declared it Fake News. And, anyway, Comey got in the final punch of Thursday when, during the closed hearing with the committee that followed his public testimony, the senators learned of an alleged undisclosed third meeting between Trump’s Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Russians. Sessions, you’ll recall, recused himself from Russia probes after failing to disclose two other meetings with Russians that occurred when he was part of Trump’s election effort. During his public testimony, Comey took some heat for not blowing the whistle when Trump buttonholed him and said he’d like the Flynn probe dropped. Comey said he had gone to the AG, but had gotten stiffed, declining to discuss Sessions further. In the closed hearings, senators learned the bureau is investigating whether Sessions met with Russians a third time, based on intercepted Russia-to-Russia communications. The Comey Show ended with a bang as news outlets began describing Sessions in terms of being Trump’s key “problematic” figure. Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 8 8 Comments Cancel reply Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Amy Phillips • on Jun 8, 2017 8:36 pm I vote to cast Michael Shannon as Comey! Reply Shondra • on Jun 8, 2017 11:49 pm President Trump was right. Comey is a nut job. Yeesh. What a performance, and what a self-serving tool. Plus he admitted that he personally leaked a private convo with Trump to the press, apparently oblivious to how unethical that was. Now he’s in big trouble. Meanwhile, he did no damage to Trump like the Dems so fervently hoped – in fact, Trump came off as more honest, while Obama’s AG Lynch came off as a manipulative henchwoman. Bad day for her, for the Dems, and overall a good day for Trump. Reply Hmmm • on Jun 9, 2017 10:40 am It’s not a leak if it’s not classified. Words mean something. Loudly repeating something doesn’t make it true. What do Obama and Lynch have to do with anything? Stick to the case at hand please. How was this a good day for Trump? Be specific. Reply Rachel • 6 hours ago Private becomes public when you fire me. Should have thought about that first. Reply Jack • on Jun 9, 2017 5:02 am Ed Helms as Comey. Reply • on Jun 9, 2017 7:55 am Yes! Reply PaulaLA • on Jun 9, 2017 8:25 am Brilliant article Lisa de Moraes! The Jimmy Stewart references were inspired. (I vote Vince Vaughan) Reply Amelia • on Jun 9, 2017 12:11 pm Comparing Jimmy Stewart to James Comey? Bwahaha!! How about Gollum? My preciousss…. Reply What's Hot on Deadline 1 Actress Glenne Headly Has Passed Away; Was Shooting Hulu Series 'Future Man' 2 'The Mummy' Pounded To Dust By 'Wonder Woman'; Tom Cruise Movie Reps Lowest Domestic Debut In Uni Series 3 Jennifer Esposito Leaving 'NCIS', Joining John Travolta Feature 'Speed Kills' 4 Bill Maher Apologizes Again For N-Word; Ice Cube Says Slur "Like A Knife" 5 Bill Cosby Feared Looking Like "A Dirty Old Man", Jury Hears 6 Bill Cosby Jurors Hear That Actor Feared Extortion From Accuser 7 Reza Aslan Out At CNN On Heels Of Trump "Piece of Sh*t" Tweet 8 'Insatiable': Netflix Picks Up Ex-CW Pilot Starring Debby Ryan To Series 9 Netflix To 'Sense8' Fans: The Dream Is Over, Show Not Returning 10 'Black Panther': Marvel Unleashes New Poster, Claws And All Latest TV News Kyra Sedgwick, Liz Tigelaar & Mara Brock Akil Call For Gender Equality: “We've Been Working For Men For a Long Time"… Bill Maher Apologizes Again For N-Word; Ice Cube Says Slur “Like A Knife” ‘Northern Exposure’ Revival? Producers & Cast In Favor Of It – ATX ‘Series Of Unfortunate Events’: Nathan Fillion, Tony Hale, Sara Rue, Lucy Punch & Roger Bart Join Season… 'This Is Us': NBC's Jennifer Salke Says "Season 2 Will Be Incredible" – ATX Television Execs Talk Peak TV, Netflix Cancellations & More – ATX More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS Bill Maher Recovers From N-Word Debacle But What Has He Learned… Nathan Fillion, Tony Hale, Others Join A Series of Unfortunate… Amber Rose Flashes Her Crotch In Racy New Instagram Pic So the launch of Blackberry's new phone is going really well About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife SPY TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2017 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2017 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Apple Mobile Apple’s next iPhones won’t have the fastest possible LTE speeds New, 44 comments Because of a multi-country legal battle over smartphone modems by Nick Statt@nickstatt Jun 9, 2017, 2:40pm EDT share tweet Linkedin James Bareham, The Verge Apple’s next iPhones, due out some time in the fall, won’t be capable of gigabit cellular connections due to the company’s contentious legal battle with smartphone modem supplier Qualcomm, according to a report today from Bloomberg. Apple relies on mobile modems from both Qualcomm and Intel, but only Qualcomm’s X16 LTE modem is currently capable of gigabit internet speeds. All four major US carriers are eager to make use of these faster smartphone download speeds as soon as this year in a bid to edge out competitors and gain market share. And hardware makers across the tech industry are releasing new products and offering new components to make this a reality some time in the near future. Apple uses Qualcomm and Intel modems, but Intel can’t yet handle gigabit speeds Still, Intel needs more time to develop its modem and won’t be capable of shipping it inside new iPhones in the fall. Under normal circumstances, Apple could simply use only Qualcomm components for the next iPhone release, which is believed to come in the form of both a iPhone 7S / 7S Plus and a premium, bezel-less iPhone 8 to mark the device’s 10th anniversary. Samsung, for instance, does rely only on Qualcomm, making its Galaxy S8 capable of gigabit connections. However, because Apple and Qualcomm are currently suing one another in multiple countries over Qualcomm’s alleged illegal monopoly on smartphone modems, the iPhone maker is hesitant to cut a deal that would make it more reliant on its legal opponent, Bloomberg reports. The end result is that Apple will ship devices with both Qualcomm and Intel modems, but refuse to enable the faster speeds on the Qualcomm devices. This is because Apple doesn’t want to bifurcate its user base into those with faster speeds and those with standard LTE connections, Bloomberg reports, while it also moves to undermine Qualcomm’s dominance in the mobile market. This could all be a moot point: there’s no telling when AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, or Sprint will be able to confidently say they’re providing gigabit speeds to customers. Without the actual network coverage, having a faster smartphone modem won’t mean anything, and customers certainly won’t know the difference. As it stands, all four networks are racing to be the first to blanket the US with faster versions of LTE, yet what that rollout ends up looking like is still unclear. So true gigabit may still be two or three years away, at which point Apple’s modem choice won’t matter because every modem will be capable of supporting those speeds. Next Up In Tech Augmented reality company Meta sues former employee for stealing its tech Microsoft might be rethinking how users interact with Cortana iOS 11 is already being used to make AR fidget spinners, BB-8, and Space Invaders Here’s how Apple is making iMessage take on Facebook Messenger bots Trump’s social media director broke the law with a tweet Redditors are competing to design the most asinine volume sliders Now Trending How to master Google Photos These tips and tricks will help you get the most out of Google’s fantastic Photos app. Watch the first teaser trailer for Black Panther Samsung’s 49-inch ultrawide curved display is basically just half a TV at this point Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 7. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Watch the first teaser trailer for Black Panther by Kwame Opam 8 comments / new Augmented reality company Meta sues former employee for stealing its tech by Adi Robertson Prosecutors say the Kansas shooting of Garmin engineers was a hate crime by Russell Brandom 7 comments / new Microsoft might be rethinking how users interact with Cortana by Ashley Carman 28 comments / new How to watch this weekend’s all-electric races in Berlin by Sean O'Kane 6 comments / new iOS 11 is already being used to make AR fidget spinners, BB-8, and Space Invaders by Sean O'Kane 36 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Local Partners New York: The Atlanta Jewish Times New York:The Atlanta Jewish Times FOR PUBLISHERS:Become a Times of Israel partner Saturday, June 10, 2017 Sivan 16, 5777 About Us About the AJT Contact us Suggest a Story Submit a Simcha Letters to the Editor Find AJT Home Delivery Service Find Distribution Location View our Digital Issues Where's my Newspaper? Advertise with us Follow @AtlJewishTimes GET THE AJT NEWSLETTER Publisher: Michael Morris Editor: Michael Jacobs Assoc. Publisher: Kaylene Ladinsky Assoc. Editor: David Cohen Keeping Jewish Southeast Connected Home News Arts More Education Health and Wellness Business Israel Sports Blogs/Opinions Events lifecycles Obituaries Births Bar/Bat Mitzvahs Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Submit a Simcha AJT Weekly The Times Of Israel The Times Of Israel Atlanta:Atlanta Jewish Times New Jersey:Jewish Standard New York:The Jewish Week United Kingdom:Jewish News For Publishers:Become a Times Of Israel partner Center for Israel Education A Look Into the Success of Israeli Tech Israel is widely referred to as the “Start-Up Nation,” with more Nasdaq-listed companies than any other country aside from the United States and China. By Eli Sperling June 9, 2017, 12:56 pm Tweet Email Print Share Photo courtesy of SOSA SOSA (South of Salameh Street) is a co-working space in southern Tel Aviv that serves as a conduit between Israeli startups and global investors and corporations. Newsroom Email the Newsroom Facebook Twitter Related Topics Israel Israeli Tech Center for Israel education The Israeli technology sector has already had a landmark year in 2017. Breaking all acquisition records, Israeli autonomous driving technology company Mobileye was sold to Intel for $15.3 billion in March. Likewise, in the first quarter of 2017, Israeli tech companies raised over $1 billion of investment capital in 155 transactions. Israel is widely referred to as the “Start-Up Nation,” with more Nasdaq-listed companies than any other country aside from the United States and China. Israel’s robust tech sector finds its roots in numerous factors within Israeli society, institutions, geography and geology. One significant source for grooming Israeli tech talent is the Israel Defense Forces. The IDF’s cyber tech unit, 8200, which is credited with some of the world’s most creative and impactful cybersecurity and cyber warfare tactics, often scouts Israelis with a high aptitude for computer technology as early as high school. Those who make it into the elite unit receive high-level tech training, hands-on experience developing cutting-edge software and a strong network of similarly advanced tech pioneers. Accordingly, Unit 8200, founded in the 1950s, has produced leaders of some of Israel’s most successful tech companies, including ICQ, Imperva, EZchip and Elbit. Israel’s education system is similarly an important component of the Start-Up Nation. With more than 90 percent of its students graduating from high school and the world’s second-highest number of four-year degrees per capita, Israel has the highest number of scientists and engineers per capita in the world. In addition, beyond the infrastructure in place to develop the skills necessary for high-tech innovation, Israel’s unique circumstances as a tiny country with limited natural resources and constant existential security threats have bred a culture of ingenuity as a means of survival. Just a few examples are the highly advanced Iron Dome missile defense system, which has proved to be 90 percent effective in intercepting all-too-common barrages of enemy rockets; desalination technology, which has carried Israel from being in constant danger of running out of water to having a water surplus that is sold to neighboring countries; and numerous agricultural technologies that have allowed arid regions in Israel with limited nutrients to flourish as centers of food production. Developing a successful piece of technology or a startup company requires training, vision, the ability to adapt to changing conditions, a network of talent and investors, and the capacity to produce significant results in a short period of time with limited resources. Israel’s unique circumstances have produced institutions and mentalities among its tech minds that have made the Jewish state a perfect storm for leading the world in technological advancement.   Like us on Facebook Get our newsletter Follow us on Twitter Tweet Read more on:  Israel,  Israeli Tech,  Center for Israel education,  Mobileye,  Israel Defense Forces,  Start Up Nation,  Opinions,  Columns Comments on this article Report inappropriate comments Current top stories $2.5M Cohen Home Renovation Shouts ‘L’Chaim!’   Vote Now For Jewish Atlanta Favorites   2 Views on the Wonder of Gadot’s ‘Woman’ By Michael Jacobs and Elizabeth Friedly   Alda Brings Science to Communication Confusion By Marcia Caller Jaffe   Subscribe to the newsletter Atlanta Jewish Times Free to Your Inbox The email is either missing or invalid Almost finished... We need to confirm your email address first. To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email we just sent you. By signing up, you agree to our terms You hereby accept ATLANTA JEWISH TIMES Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, and you agree to receive the latest news & offers from ATLANTA JEWISH TIMES and its partners or ad sponsors. Atlanta Jewish Times on Facebook ATLANTA JEWISH TIMES Latest News News Features   4:05 pm   Opinion: Letter: It’s Black and White 3:48 pm   Arts: Stage Dream Brings Actress, ‘Mamma’ to Atlanta 2:52 pm   Opinion: Letter: The Business Case for Handel 2:44 pm   Opinion: Letter: Israel on Its Own 2:29 pm   Opinion: Letter: No Gray for Israel 1:37 pm   Hand of Hashem: An Outside Perspective Can Open Our Eyes 1:29 pm   Film Review: 2 Views on the Wonder of Gadot’s ‘Woman’ 1:09 pm   Pets: Rehab Vet Dives Into Specialty Niche 1:00 pm   Pets: Surgical Practice Sews Compassion Into Tech 12:56 pm   Center for Israel Education: A Look Into the Success of Israeli Tech 12:52 pm   News: $2.5M Cohen Home Renovation Shouts ‘L’Chaim!’ 12:18 pm   Jaffe's Jewish Jive: Alda Brings Science to Communication Confusion 8:57 am   Israel: App, Website Answer BDS, Online Hate Jun 8, 3:39 pm   Israel News: Hillels Offer Education on the Love of Israel Jun 8, 2:13 pm   News: A-WA Back in Atlanta June 13 Jun 8, 1:43 pm   News: Jewish Women’s Fund Grants $188K to 20 Groups Jun 8, 12:47 pm   Opinion: Sleep-Deprived but Learning on Shavuot Jun 7, 6:03 pm   Business: Lessons for Life From the Basketball Court Jun 7, 5:40 pm   Arts: High Shows Why Warhol’s 15 Minutes Never End Jun 7, 5:18 pm   Israel: Atlanta’s War Correspondent to the World Jun 7, 4:56 pm   Opinion: Commandments of Compassion Toward Animals Jun 7, 4:39 pm   Education: Gratitude, Passion Urged for 70 Davis Grads Jun 7, 4:27 pm   Pets: Java Cats Adopts Rescue Mission on Caffeine Jun 6, 4:48 pm   Opinion: Our View: Fueling the Fire Jun 6, 3:29 pm   Politics: Ossoff Pushes Nonpartisan Solutions Jun 6, 3:21 pm   News: Chabad of Forsyth Seeks Unity in New Home Jun 6, 2:52 pm   Sports: Synagogue Softball Back for Summer Jun 5, 8:00 am   Opinion: Black and White Then, Shades of Gray Today Jun 4, 9:00 am   Opinion: When a Mitzvah Isn’t Jun 2, 3:43 pm   One Man's Opinion: The Search for a Secular Jewish Identity   Latest Blogs Sarah Moosazadeh 10:49 am Wine Continues to Flourish in... Bonnie Levine 10:25 pm Jewish e-speech: Introduction Bonnie Levine 4:44 pm Intown Sinai Hagar Sides 8:01 pm Disclosure — I’m a... Bonnie Levine 7:44 pm Hakarat hatov amidst political... Start a blog Back to Top Keeping Jewish Southeast connected Home News Arts Blogs/Opinions Events Obituaries Simchas Spotlight Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletter Facebook Twitter RSS © 2017 Atlanta Jewish Times, All rights reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Computing Phones Cars Gaming Science Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing Intel Core i7-7740K Shatters Overclocking Records, Hits 7.5GHz Thanks to Liquid Helium Intel Core i7-7740K Shatters Overclocking Records, Hits 7.5GHz Thanks to Liquid Helium By Joel Hruska on June 8, 2017 at 4:59 pm Comment Intel is prepping the release of its new X299 platform and associated processors, and a new world overclocking record shows the chips its releasing have some real teeth — with a few massive caveats, which we’ll touch on shortly. At a recent Gigabyte event, overclockers were able to hit a whopping 7.5GHz with the Core i7-7740K*. That’s the upcoming Kaby Lake chip on Skylake-X’s platform. That wasn’t all. The overclockers paired the board with Corsair DDR4-4333, a Corsair AX 1500i power supply, and Gigabyte’s X299-SOC Champion motherboard. The CPU managed to set world records in 3DMark03, 3DMark06, and Aquamark, which is a bit like saying that a modern-day PC managed to set CPU benchmark records in the original Doom, Doom II, and Quake. Granted, it’s not quite that bad, but the reason a lot of these benchmarks use vastly older tests is almost certainly because they respond to CPU clock gains particularly well. Nothing wrong with that, but that’s why you don’t see more modern benchmark results. The caveat, of course, is that it takes liquid helium, with its -250C temperature, to hit these kinds of targets. There’s a diminishing marginal return at the extreme end of overclocking, where the amount of cooling you need to apply is inversely proportional to the gain from applying it. Lab501 did a comparison of the Core i7-4790K and the Pentium G3258 a few years back, to see how they would handle under overclocking pressure. These are just test results for single CPUs, so neither should be taken as being the absolute best (or worst) overclock you might experience with these parts. For our purposes, however, that’s irrelevant. What matters is the temperature at which these overclock figures are being hit. Air, Air Xtreme, and water all-in-one (also referred to as a closed loop liquid cooler, or CLLC) can’t bring the CPU temperature below the ambient temperature of either the air in the room or the water in the liquid cooler. To do that, you have to add below-ambient cooling to the system, and that’s exactly what Lab501 did with its “water extreme” results. To quote the site: How do we get under 0 oC with a watercooling rig, you might ask? Good question. Instead of using a radiator, we will be using a regular solid thermal bag (the ones you use when you go to a picnic to keep your beer cold) and in that we will put our thermal agent, which is a mix of water, ice and antifreeze. The mix of water with ice and antifreeze can get down to – 10 / – 20 oC (depending on how much ice do you use) so we can talk about a first step into extreme cooling. That also means that we have to start thinking about insulation, because condensation will occur when we go down bellow 0 oC. When using an AIO cooler, the load temp on the Pentium G3258 was 99C. Using dry ice, load temperature under identical circumstances was 10C. That’s a huge shift in temperature for a relatively small (1.16x) change in frequency. We can’t compare the LN2 results, unfortunately, because the site stopped running Prime95 and resorted to only testing Super Pi. This makes the last data point in the graph invalid, because it’s fundamentally comparing a different scenario. But the point is made — even if the LN2 data were accurate, the gains from using LN2 (and bringing the CPU temperature down as low as -120C) are only 20 percent more than the gains from the “Air Extreme” cooler. With -250C liquid helium and what were almost certainly ideal-case binned CPUs to drive the event, it’s not surprising Intel and Gigabyte managed to smash overclocking records. But it’s also not something that end-users can reasonably duplicate at home. To make a long story short: As interesting as results like this are, they don’t actually tell us very much about how chips will overclock in conventional systems or when using the equipment that normal overclockers are likely to use. The amount of energy you have to dump into the cooling system to hit extreme temperatures grows significantly as clock rates rise, from simple air cooling, all the way up to dry ice, LN2, and beyond. Single-stage freon units are probably the highest-end equipment it’s reasonable to deploy on a high-end CPU. Anything past that, and you’ll be constantly adding coolant to the system to keep the temperature low. And all of this ignores that CPUs are fundamentally not designed to run at such low temperatures, or the high voltages required to break overclocking records. There’s little evidence that slapping a modest OC on a CPU meaningfully shortens its life, but the same can’t be said for the chips that get used at these overclocking events. *–Note:  We reached out to Intel about whether or not the CPU Gigabyte tested should be referred to as a 7740K or a 7740X. The 7740K branding on this chip means Gigabyte is using an engineering sample for its test results. The retail versions of the CPU will be identified as 7740X. Tagged In intel cpus overclocking LN2 Skylake-X liquid helium Kaby Lake-X world record H20 Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles NASA Unveils Mars Rover Concept With Detachable Science Lab Jun 9 First Drive Review: 2018 Volvo XC60 SUV Steers You Away From Trouble Jun 9 ET deals: Dell XPS 13 Core i7 1800p laptop for $1260 Jun 9 Microsoft Files Trademark Application for ‘DirectReality’ as E3 Approaches Jun 9 CD Projekt Red: Hackers Are Ransoming Stolen Game Data Jun 9 Facebook Twitter About Contact Newsletters Advertise More from Ziff Davis: PCMag AskMen Computer Shopper Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net RSS Feeds Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Technology Is Crowded and Expensive: 4 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Look Cheap By Lee Jackson June 9, 2017 9:45 am EDT Print Email Tweet One sector that has been driving overall market gains over the last year is technology, and some of the biggest gainers have been the FANG stocks, many of which have pushed to all-time highs. So the conundrum for technology investors is which way to go: Stay with the momentum leaders, or switch to stocks that offer better value, and in some cases dividends, but that may not have the parabolic upside potential. A new report from Savita Subramanian, the outstanding Equity and Quant Strategist at Merrill Lynch, notes that while the tech trade is crowded, the overall sector remains cheap versus historical levels on relative forward price to earnings basis. However she does note that on enterprise value to sales, technology stocks are trading 50% above average and at its highest relative multiple since the tech bubble. We decided to screen the Merrill Lynch technology research database for stocks that were rated Buy, paid dividends and were not trading at sky-high multiples. We found four that could be outstanding buys now. HP This is the printer and personal computer businesses of the old Hewlett-Packard. HP Inc. (NYSE: HPQ) provides products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers and small- and medium-sized businesses, as well as to the government, health and education sectors worldwide. The company’s Personal Systems segment offers commercial personal computers (PCs), consumer PCs, workstations, thin client PCs, tablets, retail point-of-sale systems, calculators and other related accessories, software, support and services for the commercial and consumer markets. The Printing segment provides consumer and commercial printer hardware, supplies, media, scanning device and software and services, as well as LaserJet and enterprise, inkjet and printing, graphics, and software and web services. HP investors receive a 2.9% dividend. The Merrill Lynch price target for the stock is $22, and the Wall Street consensus estimate is $20.68. The shares closed trading Thursday at $18.28. IBM This blue chip tech giant has had a solid rebound over the past year and still offers good upside. International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM) is a leading provider of enterprise solutions, offering a broad portfolio of information technology (IT) hardware, business and IT services, and a full suite of software solutions. The company integrates its hardware products with its software and services offerings in order to provide high value solutions. IBM is comprised of five major segments: 1) Cognitive Solutions, 2) Global Business Services, 3) Technology Services & Cloud Platforms, 4) Systems and 5) Global Financing. The analysts cite the company’s potential in the public cloud as a reason for raising their price objective. IBM shareholders receive a 3.9% dividend. Merrill Lynch has a $200 price target, while the consensus target is $165.07. The shares closed Thursday at $152.10. Intel This leader in semiconductors is working hard to scale away from dependence on personal computers, and the Internet of Things (IoT) is a big part of the shift. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) designs, manufactures and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company’s platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, two-in-one systems, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, wearables, retail devices and manufacturing devices, as well as for retail, transportation, industrial, buildings, home use and other market segments. Earlier this year, Intel announced the purchase of Mobileye for $15.3 billion. The Israel sensor company gives the chip giant a leg up in the autonomous car competition, and it also adds many other capabilities. While some say the valuation paid is high, the dividends down the road could be worth the price. Intel investors receive a 3.0% dividend. The $42 Merrill Lynch price objective compares with the consensus target price of $39.90. The stock closed on Thursday at $36.48. Qualcomm This is a top technology stock was hit hard earlier this year and is still offering investors a great entry point. Qualcomm Inc. (NASDAQ: QCOM) designs, develops and supplies semiconductors and collects royalties on wireless handheld devices and infrastructure based on its dominant position in CDMA and other related technology patents. In addition, Qualcomm provides systems software and components to wireless handset vendors and promotes applications and services that run on high-speed wireless networks. The company operates primarily through two segments: CDMA Technologies and Technology Licensing. Merrill Lynch remains bullish on the company’s acquisition of NXP Semiconductors, which Qualcomm is buying in an all-cash deal at $110 per share. The deal is expected to close at the end of 2017 and should be immediately accretive to earnings. The merger brings together complementary products for mobile, automotive, IoT and networking applications. Shareholders receive a 3.92% dividend. The Merrill Lynch price target is $66. The posted consensus target is $61.27, and shares closed Thursday at $58.12. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   These four solid companies pay good dividends and have the staying power for investors. Given the market’s big run, it still may make sense to scale buy shares over a three- to six-month period to hopefully grab some shares at lower levels. By Lee Jackson « Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: AMD, Camping World, Endo, Nordstrom, NVIDIA, Snap, Starbucks, Zynga and Many More Analysts Lower 2017 Car Sales Estimates, Posing Implications for Economy » Read more: Technology, Analyst Upgrades, featured, semiconductors, Hewlett-Packard Company (NYSE:HPQ), International Business Machine... (NYSE:IBM), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States Where the Most People Have Green Cards Powerball Lottery Jackpot Hits $435 Million: 12 Things Not to Do If You Win America's Six-Figure Jobs 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time States With the Most Foreclosed Homes Recent Will the 2017 Lunch With Warren Buffett Auction Live Up to Expectations? Dova Pharma Files for IPO Average Gas Price per Gallon Sinks to Lowest Since George W Was President FOMC Watch: Why Fed’s Balance Sheet Language Will Trump Interest Rate Hikes Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Citizens Financial Is Primed for Growth It's Not Too Late to Buy NVIDIA Instant Analysis: Golub Capital BDC Floating 1.75 Million Share Issue Apple share' 125-day streak above 50-day MA is longest since 132-day streak ending March 15, 2011 Apple's late bounce takes stock back above its 50-day moving average Apple's stock closed down 3.9%, biggest one-day percentage loss since April 27, 2016 Currency Hedged Europe ETFs to Buy on ECB Meet Cabot's Marcellus Presence Impress, Falling Gas Prices a Woe U.S. Remains World's Top Petroleum Producer in 2016 Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised Government seeks dismissal of suit over Trump's businesses Wall Street Week Ahead: Regional banks may keep lagging without Washington lift Chris Collins Is A Good Example Of Why Americans Think Congress Is Corrupt Designer Accusing Khloe Kardashian Of Copying Appears To Have Major Receipts What Jeremy Corbyn And The UK Election Should Teach Hillary Clinton -- And Democrats Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Share Tweet Hands-on with the latest 12in MacBook that Apple updated at WWDC Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics New iPad 2017 review Best free Mac games iPhone tips iPhone 8 rumours Latest Apple Deals » Home Reviews Macbooks MacBook (2017) preview MacBook (2017) preview Apple has subtly updated its MacBook Pro, MacBook Air and this, the MacBook. Retaining the chassis of the 2015 debut of the machine but adding second generation butterfly mechanism keys and the latest Intel chips, is it finally a truly better option than the MacBook Air? by Henry Burrell | 09 Jun 17 Price RRP: £1,249 (256GB model) or £1,549 (512GB model), US$1,299 (256GB model) or US$1,599 (512GB model) Best prices today Retailer Price Delivery   Apple £1,249 (256GB model) or £1,549 (512GB model) View Price comparision from , and manufacturers MacBook (2017) preview Apple has subtly updated its MacBook Pro, MacBook Air and this, the MacBook. Retaining the chassis of the 2015 debut of the machine but adding second generation butterfly mechanism keys and the latest Intel chips, is it finally a truly better option than the MacBook Air? We have done some benchmark tests on the new MacBook to see. Price and availability The MacBook was hit by Apple’s 2016 price hikes, and still starts at an eye-watering £1,249. Compare that to the £949 MacBook Air and it might look like a bad deal, but the MacBook boasts a chip two generations ahead, an improved keyboard and a more compact design. The new MacBook is available right now from Apple.  Design and build The MacBook remains an exquisite piece of Apple engineering on a par with the iPod Classic or original iMac. Where the MacBook Air is still basically the same as the one from 2010, Apple’s slimmest ever laptop remains ahead of the curve. Sure, you sacrifice ports but you gain an ultrabook that weighs under a kilo. The subtle wedge shape feels like an iPad when closed and slips into a bag just as easily. It’s available in classic silver, rose gold, gold or space grey and looks great in all hues. The contentious butterfly keys that have shallow travel sit in a full sized layout that reaches right to the edge of the body and have an individual LED behind each one for a best-in-class low light typing experience. You might still not like the keys though. On its 2015 release, the MacBook came under fire for the new butterfly mechanism used that meant the laptop could be as slim as possible. The low travel of the keys was somewhat hard to get used to and almost clicked like a mouse button rather than clunk like normal keys. On the 2017 MacBook Apple has used a variation of the second-generation butterfly first seen on the updated MacBook Pro. It’s a definite improvement, with a more reassuring travel to the keys, but it still won’t please those who prefer the traditional chiclet style perfected on the MacBook Air. Try it out; we don’t mind the compromise as it’s improved here, but it might not be for you. A recent iFixit teardown shows that Apple has subtly changed the mechanism under the keys from 2016’s version. See the differences in the photos below. The rose gold is 2016’s and space grey is the new 2017 model. As iFixit notes, the keystroke switch is now round, not crossed shaped and the plastic mechanism itself is slightly thinner.  Courtesy of iFixit - 2017 MacBook on left, 2016 model on right These pictures also show that the control and options keys have been altered to show Mac keyboard shortcuts. There’s even room for a decent sized Force Touch trackpad that is still the best on the market in its responsiveness and still magic in how it replicates a physical click with electromagnets. It remains excellent two years after its debut. Apple squeezes a 12in screen into the chassis by slimming the bezels and packing in the display in a 16:10 aspect ratio. The result is a beautifully compact slab of metal. The laptop still only has one USB-C port for charging and data transfer, and Apple doesn’t ship an adapter – that’ll cost you £69 if you want the official one to hook up any USB-A or HDMI peripherals. We are big fans of the design of this MacBook, and in improving the keyboard Apple has tackled one of the original’s main complaints. It’d be hard to update the design because there’s no inch you could really shave off. If you want the smallest Mac laptop going, there’s now less you have to compromise on in the 2017 version. You just can’t plug a USB stick in. Features and specifications The 12in body is smaller than the now discontinued 11in MacBook Air and considerably slighter than the now-showing-its-age 13in Air that was once the slimmest laptop on the planet. Its dimensions remain 28.05 x 19.65 x 0.35-1.31cm (the last spec showing thickness when open and closed). 1.31cm thick is absolutely insane on a closed laptop, and even in its third generation this remains impressive. The whole unit weighs just 0.92g and you will barely notice it in your bag. What Apple has changed apart from the keyboard is on the inside. For the first time, the MacBook is available with m3, i5 and i7 chips. Previously the latter two were m5 or m7. The difference is positive, but note the the i5 and i7 chips here are Intel’s Y series rather than the full fat U series. They still provide better and more efficient power than the old m5 or m7 though, and at the same (if high) price point. We have benchmarked the new entry-level Core m3 MacBook against similar models from 2016 and 2015. As you can see, there is a pleasing increase in the performance of the m3, the least powerful chip in the series. Geekbench 4 64-bit multi-core scores For a computer that costs the same as the 2016 version, it’s good to see an improvement from the seventh-generation Kaby Lake processor, which scored 7091 on Geekbench 4’s 64-bit multi-core test compared to 2016’s 5860. Here are the exact processors used in each possible configuration of the new MacBook: Intel Core m3-7Y32 Processor (5W, 1.2GHz CPU base, 3.0GHz CPU max single core turbo) Intel Core i5-7Y54 Processor (5W, 1.3GHz CPU base, 3.2GHz CPU max single core turbo) Intel Core i7-7Y75 Processor (5W, 1.4GHz CPU base, 3.6GHz CPU max single core turbo) The new MacBook also benefits from an improved GPU, boasting Intel HD Graphics 615 from last year's 515. While still not as powerful as the GPU of the MacBook Pro, it goes some way to making the MacBook a more viable option for those who want to game on macOS. Software Even though Apple announced macOS High Sierra at WWDC 2017, the iterative update to Sierra is not yet available. But, the MacBook is, so it’s shipping with plain old Sierra for now. But, like every other user with an eligible device, the MacBook will receive a free upgrade to High Sierra this autumn. Our short time so far with the MacBook has been positive. Any spec bump to a machine that was maligned for being underpowered is a positive one, and with the Kaby Lake generation we finally are presented with a MacBook that is on a level playing field with the MacBook Air in terms of power. macOS Sierra remains a fine iteration, and with the new features of High Sierra we are hopeful that High Sierra will push more consumers to consider the beautiful if overpriced MacBook. OUR VERDICT The MacBook is stunning but it is cursed with one port in a world that isn’t ready for that yet. If you do everything over the air though and want the smallest, lightest ultrabook possible then it is an outstanding, if expensive, option. The Kaby Lake generation of processors sees a pleasing increase in power on the entry-level model, leaving us with the feeling that the MacBook is finally ready to take the lightweight crown from the MacBook Air. Tags: Mac , Apple Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Find the best price Best prices today Retailer Price Delivery   Apple £1,249 (256GB model) or £1,549 (512GB model) View Price comparision from , and manufacturers Comments Advertisement Huawei MateBook X review Installer et utiliser WhatsApp sur un iPad How Apple has made creative pros happy again New iMac Pro 2017 latest news - UK release date, price, features, specifications Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Tech Advisor France - Tests complets, conseils Tech Advisor France - Tests Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cashback Fix Trending in Apple Comparison: How does Apple’s current iPad & iPad Pro lineup stack up? Trending in Apple Comment: Siri and HomePod will likely remain behind competing IAs, but there’s a reason for that Trending in Apple Hands-on: macOS High Sierra’s native eGPU support shows promise [Video] Trending in Apple What’s new in iOS 11? Hands-on with 100+ features and changes [Video] Trending in Apple Comment: What does the iMac Pro tell us about the all new Mac Pro to follow? Trending in Apple WWDC 2017: Apple announces iOS 11, macOS 10.13, HomePods, new iPad Pro and more Yesterday AAPL: 148.98 -6.01 Apple may deny iPhone 8 owners new gigabit data speeds due to Qualcomm dispute -Bloomberg Ben Lovejoy - Jun. 9th 2017 6:30 am PT @benlovejoy iPhone 8 Qualcomm iPhone 8 render (center) alongside iPhone 7 & 7 Plus View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit iPhone 8 owners may not be able to take advantage of the faster data speeds expected to be available later this year in the USA, says a Bloomberg report, and Apple’s dispute with Qualcomm may be the reason. AT&T, Sprint, Verizon and other carriers have promised to introduce a new generation of wireless data later in the year, offering speeds as high as a gigabit per second – some fifty times faster than typically available today. But it appears that this speed won’t be supported in the iPhone 8, even if the modems it contains are compatible … NordVPN The Bloomberg report says that while Qualcomm offers a suitable modem capable of gigabit speeds, Apple’s dispute with the company means that it is trying to loosen its dependence on the chipmaker. It says that Apple will therefore use a mix of modems from Qualcomm and Intel, and that the Intel ones won’t support the faster speeds. To avoid different iPhone owners experiencing wildly different speeds depending on which modem their phone happens to use, Apple will limit the speed of the Qualcomm modems. Until Intel is able to offer its chips with matching features, Apple won’t enable some of capabilities of the phones running with Qualcomm modems, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the plan isn’t public. As the piece notes, Apple is generally slow to adopt faster wireless data standards. The original iPhone launched in 2007 without support for 3G networks, and it was still wildly successful. It wasn’t until 2012 that the iPhone supported LTE technology that’s the basis of 4G networks – a year after Samsung Electronics Co. added that capability to its smartphones. It appears this will also be the case this year, Samsung’s S8 flagship is already equipped with the modem needed for gigabit speeds. Apple’s legal battles with Qualcomm are growing increasingly heated, with the chipmaker recently accusing Apple of blackmail. Follow 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news! Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides iPhone 8 View THe Guide Qualcomm View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,534 Reviews & Articles | 55,608 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets Intel CPU with AMD GPU spotted, GPU licensing confirmed? A new Intel CPU just popped up with the hardware ID of an AMD GPU By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: 18 hours, 24 mins ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA It was rumored quite a while ago now, but it's back: the news of a future Intel processor with AMD graphics has been spotted.     The chip was on Sisoft as "Intel(R) HD Graphics Gen9; 694C:C0 (1720SP 47C 1GHz, 528kB L2, 10.4GB 800MHz)" but if you'll note the hardware ID "644C:C0" which is reportedly the hardware ID code for AMD. There is absolutely nothing known about this processor that is concrete, so treat this as a hot rumor - but the CPU is a 2T processor, presumably 2C/2T APU with AMD Radeon graphics. The rumors of the Intel/AMD GPU licensing deal could be true if this CPU is the real deal. NEWS SOURCES:Videocardz.com, Tweaktown.com Recommended for You Samsung's mid-range Exynos chips leak Intel's next-gen Coffee Lake CPUs delayed into 2018... IBM's new 5nm chip features 30 billion transistors Intel Core i9-7980XE: 18C/36T chip costs $2000 >> NEXT STORY: Dragonball Z is getting a Tekken Tag style fighting game << PREVIOUS STORY: AMD Radeon RX Vega: dual-GPU is the GTX 1080 Ti killer? Related Tags Intel AMD Intel AMD GPU licensing GPU licensing Intel CPU AMD AMD Intel AMD CPU Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Samsung's new 49-inch 32:9 UltraWide rocks FreeSync 2 OnePlus 5 will rock 8GB of RAM Huawei Honor 9 specs leak ahead of the launch Nintendo needs a live streaming service for Switch games ASUS to launch ZenFone 4 series in JulyView More News Posts Forum Activity Asus Zenpad Z8 Headphone Buzzing USP ports stay powered after PC shutdown Dumb Question- Does the Chipset Heatsink on the AB350 Fatal1ty K4 have an LED? DK-04 Watercooling Asrock Z97 pro4 motherboard - Bios update? BETA?View More Forum Posts Press Releases Full E3 Coliseum lineup announced G.SKILL memory breaks DDR4 5.5GHz world record barrier LUXA2 Thermaltake Mobile attends Computex 2017 with the iconic and classic mobile modern essentials Thermaltake reveals new Riing Plus LED RGB radiator fan TT Premium Edition at COMPUTEX Taipei 2017 TUNAI CLIP Bluetooth music receiver and wireless headphone amplifier wins Computex d&i AwardView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,534 Reviews & Articles | 55,608 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Video Cards PCIe 4.0 has 64GB/sec bandwidth, PCIe 5.0 has 128GB/sec We're at 32GB/sec with PCIe 3.0, and PCIe 5.0 promises up to 128GB/sec By: Anthony Garreffa | Video Cards News | Posted: 18 hours, 59 mins ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA PCI-SIG, the organization that defines the PCIe standard and its specifications with 730+ members across the world in the biggest countries on Earth including Qualcomm, NVIDIA, AMD, Dell, Intel, and many others - has announced the specifications for the PCIe 4.0 and PCIe 5.0 standards.     PCI Express 4.0 is expected to hit 16GT/s, with all of its features locked in, and rocking new performance enhancements over current PCIe 3.0, and will be positioned for the storage market, and cloud computing systems. PCIe 4.0 is capable of determining just how close to "the edge" each lane is operating at, all in real-time with PCIe 4.0's new Lane Margining at the Receiver feature. There are multiple companies already committed to PCIe 4.0, with "major vendors" offering 16GT/s controllers.     This new high-end interconnect technology isn't something we'll see on consumer motherboards anytime soon, even with Intel's newly gimped X299 chipset, or even AMD's beastly ThreadRipper-capable X399 chipset and its 64 PCIe 3.0 lanes. It's an underlined fact for the PCIe 5.0 standard which rocks 32GT/s of bandwidth, and is squarely aimed at the top of the IT market.     PCIe 5.0 is perfect for AI, machine learning, gaming, visual computing, storage, and network with its massive 128GB/sec of interconnect bandwidth - up from just 32GB/sec on PCIe 3.0 and even the 64GB/sec on PCIe 4.0. PCI-SIG has already signed off on 'Revision 0.'3 to PCI-SIG members, who are probably using them in accelerator and GPU attachments as PCI-SIG notes. The consortium also says that PCIe 5.0 is for "constricted form factor applications that cannot increase width and need frequency to achieve performance".     The super-fast PCIe 5.0 standard will support 400Gb Ethernet, offering 50GB/sec of bi-directional speeds - yeah, 50GB up and down. PCI-SIG notes that I/O bandwidth doubles each year, with PCIe 3.0 introduced in 2010, while PCIe 4.0 has taken longer (and not 3 years, PCI-SIG) to arrive. But, PCIe 5.0 is making up for it by dropping just 2 years after PCIe 4.0.     PCIe 4.0 and PCIe 5.0 Availability   PCI-SIG has a current ETA for products in the market with PCIe 4.0 sometime later this year, offering 16GT/s of bandwidth, while PCIe 5.0 won't be here until at least 2019, but will offer a huge 32GT/s of bandwidth. Recommended for You HP's new Omen gaming PC will ship with AMD Vega 10 AMD announces the new Radeon Pro 500 series AMD releases close up shot of Vega GPU die EVGA teases its GTX 1080 Ti FTW3 Hybrid graphics card... >> NEXT STORY: AMD Ryzen ThreadRipper: 16C/32T @ 3.7GHz sample teased << PREVIOUS STORY: NVIDIA has 62% of Steam gamers, AMD Radeon with 21% Related Tags PCIe spec PCI-SIG PCIe 3.0 PCIe 4.0 PCIe 5.0 graphics cards HBM2 GDDR6 AMD Dell Intel NVIDIA Qualcomm Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Samsung's new 49-inch 32:9 UltraWide rocks FreeSync 2 OnePlus 5 will rock 8GB of RAM Huawei Honor 9 specs leak ahead of the launch Nintendo needs a live streaming service for Switch games ASUS to launch ZenFone 4 series in JulyView More News Posts Forum Activity Asus Zenpad Z8 Headphone Buzzing USP ports stay powered after PC shutdown Dumb Question- Does the Chipset Heatsink on the AB350 Fatal1ty K4 have an LED? DK-04 Watercooling Asrock Z97 pro4 motherboard - Bios update? BETA?View More Forum Posts Press Releases Full E3 Coliseum lineup announced G.SKILL memory breaks DDR4 5.5GHz world record barrier LUXA2 Thermaltake Mobile attends Computex 2017 with the iconic and classic mobile modern essentials Thermaltake reveals new Riing Plus LED RGB radiator fan TT Premium Edition at COMPUTEX Taipei 2017 TUNAI CLIP Bluetooth music receiver and wireless headphone amplifier wins Computex d&i AwardView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • AMD's Ryzen 5 CPUs reviewed, part two [164] • Apple takes the iMac Pro with Xeons and Radeon Vega graphics [76] • Intel boasts Cannon Lake is "on track" and Ice Lake is "taped in" [71] • Apple throws an iPad Hail Mary with 10.5" and 12.9" Pro tablets [58] Hot forum threads • How long before your last build started to fail? • What are you drinking RIGHT NOW? • Realtek Network Adapter Buffer settings • What are REAL consumer CPUs? Intel boasts Cannon Lake is "on track" and Ice Lake is "taped in" by Jeff Kampman  1:09 PM on June 8, 2017 Intel's push toward 10-nm production continues. The latest news on the street comes from a tweet in which the company says its Cannon Lake chips are "on track" and that its Ice Lake follow-up chips have been "taped in," which is to say that they've potentially reached the final design milestone before being sent to the company's foundries. Another milestone for 10nm: Cannon Lake on track and we’ve now taped in Ice Lake, our 2nd-generation 10nm product. pic.twitter.com/DUDm3MsBaB — Intel Official News (@intelnews) June 8, 2017 By "on track," Intel seems to be reinforcing its guidance that Cannon Lake chips will begin shipping in the second half of this year. Shipments of Cannon Lake in volume will begin in the first half of 2018, according to transcripts of Intel CEO Brian Krzanich by Ashraf Eassa at the Motley Fool. The tweet didn't offer any further information about Coffee Lake, the company's fourth 14-nm CPU family that's expected to launch later this year. Although we didn't cover it at the time, Intel claimed that a 15W Coffee Lake CPU would offer 30% better performance than an equivalent Skylake part as part of its Core X-series launch. Since it's taken from the Sysmark benchmark, that figure likely represents across-the-chip improvements instead of a per-core increase. We'll just have to sit tight for more Coffee Lake details. Tags: CPUs Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Computex 2017: Patriot Scorches and Singes entry-level SSDs 3 Windows Insider Preview Build 16215 has shades of fall 12 GeForce 382.53 drivers pave the way for Dirt 4 5 Deals of the week: mass storage, RAM, and peripherals 12 Samsung announces the first FreeSync 2 displays 29 EVGA's DG-7 cases are clearly classy 5 Radeon 17.6.1 drivers get Dirt-y 2 Logitech G233 and G433 headsets are designed for everyday life 12 Best Friends Day Shortbread 18 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS CuttinHobo How many canine passengers does it take to qualify for the carpool lane on the freeway? +10 The Egg Patriot Viper V770 mechanical RGB keyboard @ TechPowerUp I knew something looked... +9 PrincipalSkinner Your rite. +9 bill94el Scorch, singe and spark are three of the last things I want to see inside my com... +8 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,534 Reviews & Articles | 55,608 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Video Cards NVIDIA has 62% of Steam gamers, AMD Radeon with 21% Steam's hardware survey for May is here, with NVIDIA dominating with GeForce and gamers By: Anthony Garreffa | Video Cards News | Posted: 19 hours, 18 mins ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Valve has released its Steam hardware survey for May 2017, with NVIDIA enjoying a massive dominance with Steam gamers with 62.41% of people using an NVIDIA graphics card of some sort. This left ATI and AMD with 21.53%, while Intel and its integrated graphics power a surprising 15.65%.     Windows 10 is by far the most used operating system with Steam, powering 77.51% of gamers' PCs. When it came to CPU usage, Intel stands in a sea of blue with 80.22% of Steam gamers using an Intel CPU, leaving AMD with just 19.78% - and it doesn't seem as though Ryzen made a dent just yet, but give it a few more months and we'll take another look at those numbers.   There are still 45.15% of gamers with a dual-core CPU, but 49% of gamers have a quad-core CPU, leaving just 4.25% to the 1%ers who use 6/8/10-core processors. Recommended for You HP's new Omen gaming PC will ship with AMD Vega 10 AMD announces the new Radeon Pro 500 series AMD releases close up shot of Vega GPU die EVGA teases its GTX 1080 Ti FTW3 Hybrid graphics card... >> NEXT STORY: PCIe 4.0 has 64GB/sec bandwidth, PCIe 5.0 has 128GB/sec << PREVIOUS STORY: Steam handles 60,000 refund requests PER DAY Related Tags HTC AMD NVIDIA NVIDIA GeForce AMD Radeon Steam survey Steam hardware survey Valve Intel Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Samsung's new 49-inch 32:9 UltraWide rocks FreeSync 2 OnePlus 5 will rock 8GB of RAM Huawei Honor 9 specs leak ahead of the launch Nintendo needs a live streaming service for Switch games ASUS to launch ZenFone 4 series in JulyView More News Posts Forum Activity Asus Zenpad Z8 Headphone Buzzing USP ports stay powered after PC shutdown Dumb Question- Does the Chipset Heatsink on the AB350 Fatal1ty K4 have an LED? DK-04 Watercooling Asrock Z97 pro4 motherboard - Bios update? BETA?View More Forum Posts Press Releases Full E3 Coliseum lineup announced G.SKILL memory breaks DDR4 5.5GHz world record barrier LUXA2 Thermaltake Mobile attends Computex 2017 with the iconic and classic mobile modern essentials Thermaltake reveals new Riing Plus LED RGB radiator fan TT Premium Edition at COMPUTEX Taipei 2017 TUNAI CLIP Bluetooth music receiver and wireless headphone amplifier wins Computex d&i AwardView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Phoronix Turns 13: Phoronix celebrateed its 13th birthday of continuous Linux coverage on June 5. Each year it unfortunately becomes increasingly difficult to operate due to ad-blockers. We rely upon advertisements to continue. If you continue blocking ads, consider a tip via PayPal to help support our work. Or you can get on our ad-free premium service that offers additional benefits with Phoronix Premium. Thanks! Connor Abbott Is Valve's Latest Linux Graphics Driver Developer Written by Michael Larabel in Valve on 8 June 2017 at 07:06 PM EDT. 9 Comments Valve has hired another prominent open-source graphics driver contributor. The name Connor Abbott may not immediately ring a bell with most of you, but as diehard Phoronix readers will know, he's the one that started contributing to the Lima graphics driver (ARM Mali reverse-engineered) while being a high school student a number of years back. He's presented at FOSDEM, developed the NIR intermediate representation now used by Intel and other Mesa drivers, he developed NIR while he was an intern at Intel fresh out of high school, previously had the Flatland IR proposal, and has also been involved with SPIR-V as the IR used by Vulkan and OpenCL 2.1+. Quite a number of accomplishments for this young developer. His latest achievement, as noted by a sharp-eyed Phoronix reader, is that he's now working for Valve. Connor appears to be on Valve's team that has been working on the open-source Linux graphics drivers. He hasn't formally announced his new position, but his latest Mesa patches are coming from a Valve Software email address. He does appear to still be attending university, so this may be his new summer job. Update: I've been able to confirm Abbott is indeed working at Valve as a summer job/internship while he will be going back to university in the fall. 9 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Valve News Steam Linux Usage Ticks Up Slightly For May Steam Beta Update Fixes Long-Standing Linux VR Annoyance Valve Eyeing "Exclusive GPU Access" To Boost SteamVR Linux Performance SteamVR Home Now Works Under Linux SteamOS 2.115 Switches From AMDGPU-PRO To AMDGPU+RadeonSI Valve Puts The Steam Controller & Steam Link Back On Sale Popular News Some Ryzen Linux Users Are Facing Issues With Heavy Compilation Loads AMD Begins Cutting Prices On Ryzen CPUs LZ4m: Taking LZ4 Compression To The Next Level Ubuntu 17.10 Begins Transition To GNOME Shell Desktop By Default TrueOS BSD Stable Milestone With Installer Improvements, Lumina 1.2.2 Desktop Steam Linux Usage Ticks Up Slightly For May Latest Linux News NVIDIA Releases New Public Vulkan Beta Driver, Includes 4 New Extensions More AMDGPU DC Patches Posted As It Looks Unlikely It Will Land For Linux 4.13 PCI Express 4.0 Is Ready, PCI Express 5.0 In 2019 Wine 2.10 Released With Initial Android Graphics Driver Librem 13 v2 Support Lands In Upstream Coreboot KDE Neon Begins Vetting Qt 5.9 Google Is Exploring Potentially Using Btrfs In Android RadeonSI ARB_bindless_texture Revised, Nearly Ready For Mesa 17.2 Git VirtualBox DRM/KMS Graphics Driver Being Prepped For Mainline Kernel Etnaviv DRM Driver Reverse-Engineers Performance Counters Support Latest Featured Articles 18-Way NVIDIA/AMD Linux Performance For Dawn Of War III Intel OpenGL Performance On macOS 10.12 vs. Clear Linux, Ubuntu Radeon's Open-Source Linux GPU Driver Has Nearly Caught Up With Windows' Driver GL_vs_VK: A Micro-Benchmark Looking At The Overhead Of OpenGL vs. Vulkan APIs 15-Way NVIDIA/AMD OpenCL GPU Linux Benchmarks Of Ethereum Ethminer Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Saturday 10 Jun 2017 / Tehran - 11:32 / GMT - 07:02 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Technology http://fna.ir/ITSVJ0 Fri Jun 09, 2017 4:6 Intel Core i7-7740K Shatters Overclocking Records, Hits 7.5GHz Thanks to Liquid Helium Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- Intel is prepping the release of its new X299 platform and associated processors, and a new world overclocking record shows the chips its releasing have some real teeth — with a few massive caveats, which we’ll touch on shortly. At a recent Gigabyte event, overclockers were able to hit a whopping 7.5GHz with the Core i7-7740K*. That’s the upcoming Kaby Lake chip on Skylake-X’s platform. That wasn’t all. The overclockers paired the board with Corsair DDR4-4333, a Corsair AX 1500i power supply, and Gigabyte’s X299-SOC Champion motherboard. The CPU managed to set world records in 3DMark03, 3DMark06, and Aquamark, which is a bit like saying that a modern-day PC managed to set CPU benchmark records in the original Doom, Doom II, and Quake. Granted, it’s not quite that bad, but the reason a lot of these benchmarks use vastly older tests is almost certainly because they respond to CPU clock gains particularly well. Nothing wrong with that, but that’s why you don’t see more modern benchmark results. The caveat, of course, is that it takes liquid helium, with its -250C temperature, to hit these kinds of targets. There’s a diminishing marginal return at the extreme end of overclocking, where the amount of cooling you need to apply is inversely proportional to the gain from applying it. Lab501 did a comparison of the Core i7-4790K and the Pentium G3258 a few years back, to see how they would handle under overclocking pressure. These are just test results for single CPUs, so neither should be taken as being the absolute best (or worst) overclock you might experience with these parts. For our purposes, however, that’s irrelevant. What matters is the temperature at which these overclock figures are being hit. Air, Air Xtreme, and water all-in-one (also referred to as a closed loop liquid cooler, or CLLC) can’t bring the CPU temperature below the ambient temperature of either the air in the room or the water in the liquid cooler. To do that, you have to add below-ambient cooling to the system, and that’s exactly what Lab501 did with its “water extreme” results. To quote the site: "How do we get under 0 oC with a watercooling rig, you might ask? Good question. Instead of using a radiator, we will be using a regular solid thermal bag (the ones you use when you go to a picnic to keep your beer cold) and in that we will put our thermal agent, which is a mix of water, ice and antifreeze. The mix of water with ice and antifreeze can get down to – 10 / – 20 oC (depending on how much ice do you use) so we can talk about a first step into extreme cooling. That also means that we have to start thinking about insulation, because condensation will occur when we go down bellow 0 oC." When using an AIO cooler, the load temp on the Pentium G3258 was 99C. Using dry ice, load temperature under identical circumstances was 10C. That’s a huge shift in temperature for a relatively small (1.16x) change in frequency. We can’t compare the LN2 results, unfortunately, because the site stopped running Prime95 and resorted to only testing Super Pi. This makes the last data point in the graph invalid, because it’s fundamentally comparing a different scenario. But the point is made — even if the LN2 data were accurate, the gains from using LN2 (and bringing the CPU temperature down as low as -120C) are only 20 percent more than the gains from the “Air Extreme” cooler. With -250C liquid helium and what were almost certainly ideal-case binned CPUs to drive the event, it’s not surprising Intel and Gigabyte managed to smash overclocking records. But it’s also not something that end-users can reasonably duplicate at home. To make a long story short: As interesting as results like this are, they don’t actually tell us very much about how chips will overclock in conventional systems or when using the equipment that normal overclockers are likely to use. The amount of energy you have to dump into the cooling system to hit extreme temperatures grows significantly as clock rates rise, from simple air cooling, all the way up to dry ice, LN2, and beyond. Single-stage freon units are probably the highest-end equipment it’s reasonable to deploy on a high-end CPU. Anything past that, and you’ll be constantly adding coolant to the system to keep the temperature low. And all of this ignores that CPUs are fundamentally not designed to run at such low temperatures, or the high voltages required to break overclocking records. There’s little evidence that slapping a modest OC on a CPU meaningfully shortens its life, but the same can’t be said for the chips that get used at these overclocking events. *–Note:  We reached out to Intel about whether or not the CPU Gigabyte tested should be referred to as a 7740K or a 7740X. The 7740K branding on this chip means Gigabyte is using an engineering sample for its test results. The retail versions of the CPU will be identified as 7740X.         LATEST STORIES (10) Syrian Military Factory Makes Ammunition for Fight against Terrorism Iran: Thousands Honour Victims of Deadly Attacks in Tehran Syrian Army Continues Counter-Terrorism Offensive near Al-Tanf after US Airstrikes Vigil Held for Victims of Terror Attack in Tehran Iran Holds Funeral for Terror Victims 10 Reasons Why Saudi Arabia Was Behind the ISIL Attacks in Tehran Syrian Army Wins Back Key Hill from Terrorists near Strategic Airbase in Central Damascus Syrian Army Sappers Clear Mines in Homs Residential Areas Mosul's Battle Nearing Its End Assad Visits Exhibition, Takes Selfies with Syrians Iran: Funeral of Terror Attack Victims Held in Tehran Kurdish-Led SDF Drives ISIL out of Key Syrian Army Base near Raqqa Rival Terrorist Groups Engage in Fierce Clashes in Northwestern Syria again Syrian Soldiers Continue to Advance against ISIL in Southeastern Aleppo, Western Raqqa Russian Air Force Continues Heavy Bombardment of ISIL's Defense Lines in Eastern Hama Syrian Military Factory Makes Ammunition for Fight against Terrorism TEHRAN (FNA)- Despite the ongoing attacks by the terrorist groups in Northern Hama, several ammunition manufacturing plants continue operation in the same province to supply arms and ammunition to the Syrian army in the war on terrorism. [PHOTOS] Iran: Thousands Honour Victims of Deadly Attacks in Tehran TEHRAN (FNA)- Mourners attended a funeral procession in Tehran on Friday in honor of the 17 victims of the two terrorist attacks in the Iranian capital earlier in the week. [VIDEO] Syrian Army Continues Counter-Terrorism Offensive near Al-Tanf after US Airstrikes TEHRAN (FNA)- Footage shows Syrian pro-government forces in action in Al-Shhema the near town of al-Tanf, after US-led coalition airstrikes hit a Syrian Army position in the same area. [VIDEO] Vigil Held for Victims of Terror Attack in Tehran TEHRAN (FNA)- People gather in Daneshjoo Park, Tehran, on Friday to pay tribute to the 17 lives lost in ISIL's Wednesday terrorist attack. [PHOTO] Iran Holds Funeral for Terror Victims TEHRAN (FNA)- Large groups of people took part in the funeral ceremony of the victims of the Wednesday terrorist attacks on Friday, chanting slogans against Saudi Arabia, the US and Israel for supporting terrorism. [PHOTOS] 10 Reasons Why Saudi Arabia Was Behind the ISIL Attacks in Tehran TEHRAN (FNA)- On Wednesday, June 7, suicide bombers and gunmen carried out a pair of attacks, hitting the Iranian parliament and the mausoleum of the founder of the Islamic Republic, Imam Khomeini. A sum of 17 people were killed and dozens of others were wounded. Syrian Army Wins Back Key Hill from Terrorists near Strategic Airbase in Central Damascus TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army troops carried out a fresh round of anti-terrorism operation in the Central part of Damascus province, recapturing a strategic hill near al-Dhumayr military airport. [VIDEO] Syrian Army Sappers Clear Mines in Homs Residential Areas TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian government sappers trained by Russian military specialists are clearing mines in residential areas of Homs. During the operation, sappers uncovered booby traps, including live mines disguised in rocks. [VIDEO] Mosul's Battle Nearing Its End TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi government forces stand on guard in Western Mosul's Zanjili neighborhood during the ongoing battle to retake the entire city from ISIL terrorists. [PHOTOS] Assad Visits Exhibition, Takes Selfies with Syrians TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian President Bashar Assad paid a visit to a "Made in Syria" exhibition in Damascus, on 8 June 2017. While Assad walked around the shopping complex without security guards, Syrians didn't miss the chance to take selfies with him. [PHOTOS] Iran: Funeral of Terror Attack Victims Held in Tehran TEHRAN (FNA)- Families of the victims of ISIL's deadly attacks in the Iranian capital, Tehran, bid farewell to their beloved ones. [PHOTOS] Kurdish-Led SDF Drives ISIL out of Key Syrian Army Base near Raqqa TEHRAN (FNA)- The predominately Kurdish Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) engaged in tough battle with ISIL Northeast of Raqqa city and managed to take control over the Syrian Army's division 17 base. Rival Terrorist Groups Engage in Fierce Clashes in Northwestern Syria again TEHRAN (FNA)- Local sources reported that Tahrir al-Sham Hay'at (the Levant Liberation Board) stormed a base of the rival terrorist group of Free Syrian Army (FSA) in Idlib province, inflicting heavy casualties on them. Syrian Soldiers Continue to Advance against ISIL in Southeastern Aleppo, Western Raqqa TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army troops continued to hit ISIL in Southeastern Aleppo and Western Raqqa, taking control over 32 towns and farms. Russian Air Force Continues Heavy Bombardment of ISIL's Defense Lines in Eastern Hama TEHRAN (FNA)- The Russian Air Force carried out a large number of airstrikes over ISIL-held regions in the Eastern territories of Hama province, striking several vehicles of the terrorists moving around Ithriya road, military sources said on Friday. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Home Linux World Beyond Windows By Alex Campbell, Tech Hacker, PCWorld | Jun 9, 2017 4:00 AM PT Review The System76 Galago Pro is a fierce featherweight competitor for Linux lovers Look out, Dell XPS 13. You're not the only Linux laptop in town. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Alex Campbell More like this The Dell Precision 5520 lets you get to work in Ubuntu 16.04 Dell XPS 15 vs. MacBook Pro 15: Fight! The best laptops of 2017: Ultrabooks, budget PCs, 2-in-1s, and more Video E3 2017 preview: Release dates, rumors, predictions and more For most people running Linux on a laptop, chances are they had to go through the ritual of wiping Windows and installing the Linux OS. It’s a time-honored tradition in the Linux world, but things are slowly changing, with Linux now coming preinstalled on some very nice portables. Case in point: the ultralight System76 Galago Pro, a laptop that pleasantly surprised me more than once. System76? Never heard of 'em Traditionally, getting your laptop to work with Linux can be a pain. Old ThinkPads are still a favorite among Linux users for their reliability and compatibility with the Linux kernel. And though modern kernels have come a long way in hardware compatibility, just grabbing a laptop and hoping for the best can still be a big gamble.  Right now, Dell is the biggest brand to create laptops specifically for Linux. I’ve played with three of its models, and they’ve all been a joy. But Linux is, obviously, a niche segment of Dell's laptop business. Not so with System76, which is more of a boutique company whose business is built on Linux compatibility. [ Further reading: 4 Linux projects for newbies and intermediate users ] Just as boutique PC builders like Maingear and Falcon Northwest cater to gamers and enthusiasts in the desktop market, System76 is doing much the same for the Linux laptop market. The Galago Pro is aimed squarely at machines like high-end Chromebooks and laptops like Dell’s XPS 13 Developer Edition. System76's unique approach is evident right from the product packaging. On the outside, the cardboard box the Galago Pro came in looked like one you might get from Dell, Lenovo, or anyone else, but inside, the packaging was quite different. Gone were the bulky foam blocks (of dubious recyclability) and excessive cardboard forms. Instead, the laptop was held in place by a thin film of plastic attached to the ends of a piece of cardboard. Alex Campbell The minimalist packaging for the Galago Pro will make recycling the box way easier. The ends of the cardboard were folded behind the laptop, creating pressure that held the laptop in place. It’s rare to see sustainability addressed in the tech product packaging, so this was happy surprise number one. Lovely, lightweight, and full ports Happy surprise number two happened when I picked up the Galago Pro for the first time. This thing seems lighter than its size suggests. I could feel the cool touch of its aluminum body, yet part of my brain wondered whether the laptop was some cheap plastic thing or possibly missing parts. Alex Campbell The 2017 System76 Galago Pro. As light as it is, the Galago Pro is actually heavier than its class rival, Dell's XPS 13, weighing 2.87 pounds to the XPS 13's 2.7 pounds. But the Galago Pro is also 1 inch wider than the XPS 13, with total dimensions of 12.97 x 8.85 x 0.55 inches. So the greater density (mass divided by volume) of the XPS 13 (with touch display) means that while the XPS 13 is lighter, it actually feels “heavier” for its size than the Galago Pro does. The Galago Pro’s weight is also surprising given its specs. The model I tested came with an Intel Core i7-7500U dual-core (with Hyperthreading), 8GB of RAM, and a 250GB Samsung SSD. Alex Campbell The left side of the Galago Pro has a USB 3.1 Type-A port as well as the audio jacks, power button, and a slot for SIM cards. It sports a litany of ports for connectivity: two USB 3.1 ports, a USB 3.1 Type-C (with Thunderbolt) port, a Mini DisplayPort, an HDMI port, a Kensington lock, an SD/MMC card slot, and separate 3.5mm jacks for headphones and a microphone. Surprise number three came when I noticed that the Galago Pro also comes with a slot for a SIM card, and a expandable, low-profile RJ-45 ethernet port. Such bounty! Alex Campbell The right side of the Galago Pro has two USB 3.1 ports (one Type-A and one Type-C). It also has two video output ports (one MiniDP, one HDMI), a expandable RJ-045 ethernet jack, an SD card slot, and a Kensington lock. For people who do presentations or want to use a desktop screen at their desk, the inclusion of both HDMI and MiniDP ports on the right side, in addition to the USB-C, is a godsend. No need for dongles here. (Unless you still need DVI or VGA connectivity, in which case you’ve been hosed for a long time now.)  Sporting an Intel Wireless-AC card with Bluetooth, you can use most Bluetooth mice, keyboards, and headsets without a problem. The RJ-45 port—one of the best things about the Galago Pro, in my opinion—means you can use a handy-dandy ethernet cable to download software updates in a jiffy. Business travelers may also note that many hotel rooms still have a bright blue Ethernet cable sitting at the room’s desk, which will often offer better connectivity than sometimes-spotty hotel Wi-Fi. Alex Campbell The hardware specs of the 2015 Dell XPS 13 used in our benchmark compared to the 2017 System76 Galago Pro. That ethernet jack is also a great fallback for users who might get themselves into trouble when installing another Linux distro or if an update goes awry. Although the Galago Pro’s Wi-Fi worked just fine, if Wi-Fi goes on the fritz in Linux, it can be a huge headache if you don’t have any other way to get online. Alex Campbell The Galago Pro's palm area is pleasantly devoid of OS or parts decals. Former MacBook users might find the Galago Pro’s keyboard familiar—black Chiclet keys surrounded by smooth aluminum. A pretty significant bezel surrounds the Galago Pro's screen (the XPS 13’s is very slim by comparison), but the 13.3-inch, 3200x1000 pixel display has about the same pixel density as the XPS 13, so display-wise the two are on par.  Software The Galago Pro ships with either Ubuntu 16.04 LTS or Ubuntu 17.04. The 17.04 edition features Linux kernel version 4.10, which has improvements for Kaby Lake CPUs and increased compatibility for certain Wi-Fi hardware from Intel. That said, the Ubuntu installation comes with a System76 PPA repository added to the software sources for device-specific drivers. (Dell also includes a vendor-provided PPA for hardware.) The PPA allows for driver backports for users of Ubuntu 16.04, which ships with the much older kernel 4.4. Alex Campbell The Galago Pro's system information screen in Ubuntu 17.04. The experience on the desktop is almost identical to what you’d get with any other Ubuntu 17.04 installation. While the OS comes with LibreOffice and Firefox for office and web work right out of the box, I recommend running an update by opening up Terminal and typing sudo apt update and sudo apt upgrade as soon as you hit the desktop to get the latest software versions and security patches. When it came to testing the Galago Pro, I had a lot of trouble using the Phoronix Test Suite (PTS) that I usually use to evaluate laptops. Several of the tests would fail to install or install incorrectly. After trying different versions of PTS as well as different versions of the individual tests, I identified the culprit: Ubuntu 17.04 ships with a newer version of the GnNU C Compiler, known as GCC. For most people, a newer version of GCC is a good thing, but the newer version managed to break the older software that is used in the tests. If you're looking to reproduce these tests, you’ll need to install gcc-4.8 and point to the symbolic link /usr/bin/gcc to /usr/bin/gcc-4.8 (or similar). The benchmarks The Galago Pro beat nearly every benchmark set by the 2015 XPS 13 Developer Edition. There were two notable shortfalls: the IOZone test (disk performance) and x264 video encoding. In another test, the H.264 decoding run failed because of a software error, so I’m not going to count that against the Galago Pro. However, given the performance of the 2016 XPS 13, which also sports a Kaby Lake Core i7 CPU, along with the results of the other tests, it's safe to assume that the Galago Pro's CPU usage for H.264 decoding would have fallen below the 2015 XPS 13’s marks. Alex Campbell In terms of CPU tests that did run, the Galago Pro did quite well. However, there is one caveat to note: The 2015 XPS 13 I tested had 16GB of RAM compared to the Galago’s 8GB. Having twice the RAM can make a big difference in some of these tests. That said, the RAM in the Galago Pro is more modern, and beat out the XPS 13 in every RAMspeed test run. The Linux kernel compilation test took 234 seconds versus the 255 seconds for the 2015 XPS 13. That’s an 8 percent improvement over the 2015 XPS 13. Compression of a 2GB file using Gzip took 11.0 seconds on the Galago Pro, a 13 percent improvement over the old XPS's 12.6 seconds. Encoding a WAV file to FLAC took 7.02 seconds on the Galago Pro, while the XPS did the same task in 7.65 seconds. That 0.63-second difference, while small, is an 8.24 percent improvement in performance. Encrypting a 1GB file with GnuPG (GPG) took 7.32 seconds compared with the XPS 13’s 8.52 seconds, resulting in a 14.1 percent increase in performance. Alex Campbell Alex Campbell Alex Campbell In the x264 test, the Galago Pro lagged behind the 2015 XPS 13, encoding at 89.1 frames per second compared to the XPS 13’s 93fps. That’s a 4.18 percent drop in performance. While the Galago Pro's  i7-7500U is faster than the XPS 13’s i7-6560U, the x264 test loves cores and memory, which gives the XPS 13 the edge. Alex Campbell In the Unigine Heaven graphics test, the Galago Pro was about on par with the newer 2016 XPS 13. Like both XPS 13 models, the Galago Pro is not a gaming machine. There's enough power to run simple 3D games. But you can forget about playing Rocket League on this thing. In my battery-rundown test, the Galago Pro managed to survive about 3 hours, 58 minutes when disconnected from the wall. That’s not an all-day lifespan by any means, but it's enough for short jaunts to meetings or a writing session in a coffee shop. It’s a good bit shy of the XPS 13’s lifespan of over 6 hours. When questioned about it, System76 said it's working on software to extend battery life and optimize the laptop as much as possible.  Conclusion Although Dell seems to dominate Linux laptop offerings with the weight of its brand, smaller system builders like System76 are out there making great machines. Is the Galago Pro perfect? No. But it is pretty handsome, and it has a lot of connectivity for those who really need it. (That ethernet port is a big plus for people who do a lot of work on the road and don't like relying on Wi-Fi, or having to use dongles). That said, the XPS 13 does make a persuasive counter-argument with its touchscreen and longer battery life. That brings us to price. As configured, the Galago Pro I tested costs about $1,252. A similarly configured XPS 13 (with QHD touchscreen) runs about $1,650. You can do a lot with that $400 savings, if battery life and a touchscreen don't outweigh connectivity options. Though I don't recommend using a PC with less than 8GB of RAM nowadays, you can get a Galago Pro with an i7-7200U, 5GB of RAM, and a 120GB SSD for $950. That’s $100 more than Dell’s bare-bones XPS 13 Developer Edition, but the base Galago offers a QHD screen, whereas the base XPS 13 limits you to a 1080p HD screen. Taking all of this into consideration, the Galago Pro is a worthy competitor to the XPS 13 in both capability and price. The Galago Pro offers utility to Linux users who need it, while the XPS offers sleek business styling and a bigger battery. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Linux Laptops Ubuntu Alex is a tech tinkerer who built his first computer while in middle school. Alex is also a huge Linux geek and loves all things open-source and web. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav North America Neuromorphic Chip Market By Application (Image Recognition, Signal Processing, Data Processing), Industry, Geography, Trends, Forecast (2017-2022) Market Insights The North America neuromorphic chip market was valued at USD 0.234 billion in 2016 and is projected to reach USD 1.146 billion by 2020, at a CAGR of 30.32%, during the forecast period 2017-2022. In June 2012, Intel Corporation unveiled the design of its neuromorphic chip. In October 2013, Qualcomm Technologies Inc. introduced Qualcomm Zeroth Processor, a brain-inspired computing system. In August 2015, IBM created a neuromorphic chip which was as powerful as a rodent’s brain, and this compact system was designed to understand deep-learning algorithms and consume less electricity. The demand for neuromorphic chip increases with the mounting demand for IoT and data analytics. The motivation behind designing these chips is to build a platform for running large-scale, real-time simulations to aid neuroscience research. As a result, innovation in processor architecture is being seen with more interest by governments, research institutes, and business entities, thereby, evolving into significant developments. Get addition insights on this report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/217494 Market Dynamics The North America neuromorphic chip market is experiencing high growth due to increasing demand for artificial intelligence, and consumer preference towards small sized products leading to the requirement of miniaturization of ICs. With the advent of smart technologies, smart sensors are being used in many end-user industries like automotive, electronics, and medical. The growth of neuromorphic chip market is hindered due to the slow pace of development, despite heavy investments in R&D, and emerging complexities of hardware designing. Implementing neuromorphic chips across wide end-users such as medical, military and defense etc. are opportunities in this market. Market Segmentation The market is segmented by application and end-users. Image recognition application segment is expected to hold the highest share of the North American neuromorphic chip market by 2016 and is expected to dominate the market throughout the forecast period, followed by signal processing and data mining. North America is expected to witness the highest CAGR over the forecast period, as companies like Qualcomm, IBM, and Intel, located in the US, are the major manufacturers of neuromorphic chips globally. Read more details of the report at Orbis Research Competitive Environment The report considers key trends that impact the industry and market landscape including key growth strategies, geographical footprint, and competition analysis of top players such as: Intel Qualcomm IBM Samsung HRL Laboratories HP Corp. General Vision Inc. Lockheed Martin Corporation Brain Corporation Vicarious FPC Inc. A detailed study of Porter’s five force analysis, where the markets have been quantified using internal key parameters governing each of them, is covered in this report. Report Offerings Market definition for neuromorphic chip along with identification of key drivers and restraints for the market. Market analysis for the North America neuromorphic chip market, with region specific assessments and competition analysis on a global and regional scale. Identification of factors instrumental in changing the market scenarios, rising prospective opportunities and identification of key companies which can influence the market on a global and regional scale. Extensively researched competitive landscape section with profiles of major companies along with their strategic initiatives and market shares. Identification and analysis of the macro and micro factors that affect the neuromorphic chip market on both global and regional scales. A comprehensive list of key market players along with the analysis of their current strategic interests and key financial information. Enquire more details of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/217494 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019   CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Thailand MICE Market & Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Bearings Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav North America Neuromorphic Chip Market By Application (Image Recognition, Signal Processing, Data Processing), Industry, Geography, Trends, Forecast (2017-2022) Market Insights The North America neuromorphic chip market was valued at USD 0.234 billion in 2016 and is projected to reach USD 1.146 billion by 2020, at a CAGR of 30.32%, during the forecast period 2017-2022. In June 2012, Intel Corporation unveiled the design of its neuromorphic chip. In October 2013, Qualcomm Technologies Inc. introduced Qualcomm Zeroth Processor, a brain-inspired computing system. In August 2015, IBM created a neuromorphic chip which was as powerful as a rodent’s brain, and this compact system was designed to understand deep-learning algorithms and consume less electricity. The demand for neuromorphic chip increases with the mounting demand for IoT and data analytics. The motivation behind designing these chips is to build a platform for running large-scale, real-time simulations to aid neuroscience research. As a result, innovation in processor architecture is being seen with more interest by governments, research institutes, and business entities, thereby, evolving into significant developments. Get addition insights on this report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/217494 Market Dynamics The North America neuromorphic chip market is experiencing high growth due to increasing demand for artificial intelligence, and consumer preference towards small sized products leading to the requirement of miniaturization of ICs. With the advent of smart technologies, smart sensors are being used in many end-user industries like automotive, electronics, and medical. The growth of neuromorphic chip market is hindered due to the slow pace of development, despite heavy investments in R&D, and emerging complexities of hardware designing. Implementing neuromorphic chips across wide end-users such as medical, military and defense etc. are opportunities in this market. Market Segmentation The market is segmented by application and end-users. Image recognition application segment is expected to hold the highest share of the North American neuromorphic chip market by 2016 and is expected to dominate the market throughout the forecast period, followed by signal processing and data mining. North America is expected to witness the highest CAGR over the forecast period, as companies like Qualcomm, IBM, and Intel, located in the US, are the major manufacturers of neuromorphic chips globally. Read more details of the report at Orbis Research Competitive Environment The report considers key trends that impact the industry and market landscape including key growth strategies, geographical footprint, and competition analysis of top players such as: Intel Qualcomm IBM Samsung HRL Laboratories HP Corp. General Vision Inc. Lockheed Martin Corporation Brain Corporation Vicarious FPC Inc. A detailed study of Porter’s five force analysis, where the markets have been quantified using internal key parameters governing each of them, is covered in this report. Report Offerings Market definition for neuromorphic chip along with identification of key drivers and restraints for the market. Market analysis for the North America neuromorphic chip market, with region specific assessments and competition analysis on a global and regional scale. Identification of factors instrumental in changing the market scenarios, rising prospective opportunities and identification of key companies which can influence the market on a global and regional scale. Extensively researched competitive landscape section with profiles of major companies along with their strategic initiatives and market shares. Identification and analysis of the macro and micro factors that affect the neuromorphic chip market on both global and regional scales. A comprehensive list of key market players along with the analysis of their current strategic interests and key financial information. Enquire more details of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/217494 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019   CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Thailand MICE Market & Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Bearings Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav North America Neuromorphic Chip Market By Application (Image Recognition, Signal Processing, Data Processing), Industry, Geography, Trends, Forecast (2017-2022) Market Insights The North America neuromorphic chip market was valued at USD 0.234 billion in 2016 and is projected to reach USD 1.146 billion by 2020, at a CAGR of 30.32%, during the forecast period 2017-2022. In June 2012, Intel Corporation unveiled the design of its neuromorphic chip. In October 2013, Qualcomm Technologies Inc. introduced Qualcomm Zeroth Processor, a brain-inspired computing system. In August 2015, IBM created a neuromorphic chip which was as powerful as a rodent’s brain, and this compact system was designed to understand deep-learning algorithms and consume less electricity. The demand for neuromorphic chip increases with the mounting demand for IoT and data analytics. The motivation behind designing these chips is to build a platform for running large-scale, real-time simulations to aid neuroscience research. As a result, innovation in processor architecture is being seen with more interest by governments, research institutes, and business entities, thereby, evolving into significant developments. Get addition insights on this report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/217494 Market Dynamics The North America neuromorphic chip market is experiencing high growth due to increasing demand for artificial intelligence, and consumer preference towards small sized products leading to the requirement of miniaturization of ICs. With the advent of smart technologies, smart sensors are being used in many end-user industries like automotive, electronics, and medical. The growth of neuromorphic chip market is hindered due to the slow pace of development, despite heavy investments in R&D, and emerging complexities of hardware designing. Implementing neuromorphic chips across wide end-users such as medical, military and defense etc. are opportunities in this market. Market Segmentation The market is segmented by application and end-users. Image recognition application segment is expected to hold the highest share of the North American neuromorphic chip market by 2016 and is expected to dominate the market throughout the forecast period, followed by signal processing and data mining. North America is expected to witness the highest CAGR over the forecast period, as companies like Qualcomm, IBM, and Intel, located in the US, are the major manufacturers of neuromorphic chips globally. Read more details of the report at Orbis Research Competitive Environment The report considers key trends that impact the industry and market landscape including key growth strategies, geographical footprint, and competition analysis of top players such as: Intel Qualcomm IBM Samsung HRL Laboratories HP Corp. General Vision Inc. Lockheed Martin Corporation Brain Corporation Vicarious FPC Inc. A detailed study of Porter’s five force analysis, where the markets have been quantified using internal key parameters governing each of them, is covered in this report. Report Offerings Market definition for neuromorphic chip along with identification of key drivers and restraints for the market. Market analysis for the North America neuromorphic chip market, with region specific assessments and competition analysis on a global and regional scale. Identification of factors instrumental in changing the market scenarios, rising prospective opportunities and identification of key companies which can influence the market on a global and regional scale. Extensively researched competitive landscape section with profiles of major companies along with their strategic initiatives and market shares. Identification and analysis of the macro and micro factors that affect the neuromorphic chip market on both global and regional scales. A comprehensive list of key market players along with the analysis of their current strategic interests and key financial information. Enquire more details of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/217494 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019   CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Thailand MICE Market & Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Bearings Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav North America Neuromorphic Chip Market By Application (Image Recognition, Signal Processing, Data Processing), Industry, Geography, Trends, Forecast (2017-2022) Market Insights The North America neuromorphic chip market was valued at USD 0.234 billion in 2016 and is projected to reach USD 1.146 billion by 2020, at a CAGR of 30.32%, during the forecast period 2017-2022. In June 2012, Intel Corporation unveiled the design of its neuromorphic chip. In October 2013, Qualcomm Technologies Inc. introduced Qualcomm Zeroth Processor, a brain-inspired computing system. In August 2015, IBM created a neuromorphic chip which was as powerful as a rodent’s brain, and this compact system was designed to understand deep-learning algorithms and consume less electricity. The demand for neuromorphic chip increases with the mounting demand for IoT and data analytics. The motivation behind designing these chips is to build a platform for running large-scale, real-time simulations to aid neuroscience research. As a result, innovation in processor architecture is being seen with more interest by governments, research institutes, and business entities, thereby, evolving into significant developments. Get addition insights on this report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/217494 Market Dynamics The North America neuromorphic chip market is experiencing high growth due to increasing demand for artificial intelligence, and consumer preference towards small sized products leading to the requirement of miniaturization of ICs. With the advent of smart technologies, smart sensors are being used in many end-user industries like automotive, electronics, and medical. The growth of neuromorphic chip market is hindered due to the slow pace of development, despite heavy investments in R&D, and emerging complexities of hardware designing. Implementing neuromorphic chips across wide end-users such as medical, military and defense etc. are opportunities in this market. Market Segmentation The market is segmented by application and end-users. Image recognition application segment is expected to hold the highest share of the North American neuromorphic chip market by 2016 and is expected to dominate the market throughout the forecast period, followed by signal processing and data mining. North America is expected to witness the highest CAGR over the forecast period, as companies like Qualcomm, IBM, and Intel, located in the US, are the major manufacturers of neuromorphic chips globally. Read more details of the report at Orbis Research Competitive Environment The report considers key trends that impact the industry and market landscape including key growth strategies, geographical footprint, and competition analysis of top players such as: Intel Qualcomm IBM Samsung HRL Laboratories HP Corp. General Vision Inc. Lockheed Martin Corporation Brain Corporation Vicarious FPC Inc. A detailed study of Porter’s five force analysis, where the markets have been quantified using internal key parameters governing each of them, is covered in this report. Report Offerings Market definition for neuromorphic chip along with identification of key drivers and restraints for the market. Market analysis for the North America neuromorphic chip market, with region specific assessments and competition analysis on a global and regional scale. Identification of factors instrumental in changing the market scenarios, rising prospective opportunities and identification of key companies which can influence the market on a global and regional scale. Extensively researched competitive landscape section with profiles of major companies along with their strategic initiatives and market shares. Identification and analysis of the macro and micro factors that affect the neuromorphic chip market on both global and regional scales. A comprehensive list of key market players along with the analysis of their current strategic interests and key financial information. Enquire more details of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/217494 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019   CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Thailand MICE Market & Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Bearings Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 Search Recent Posts Global SaaS Based HRM Market Trends, Challenges and Growth Drivers Analysis 2022 Universal Grease Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Alginic Acid (CAS 9005-38-3) Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Learn details of the Global PSD2 and Open Banking Market: growth with CAGR in forecast-2022 Global Metal Deactivator Market – Analysis and Trends RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Open Pluggable Specification * Ops * Digital Signage * More Tags... Industry News * Computers * More Industries... News By Place * Taipei   Taipei   Taiwan * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News June 2017 Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo Su 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 Intel Skylake Based Open-pluggable-specification Media Player Helps to Deploy 4K UHD Digital Signage Not only CPU / GPU performance but also data transfer rate should be considered to assure smooth playback     OPS-2050 OPS Digital Signage Player   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Open Pluggable Specification • Ops • Digital Signage Industry: • Computers Location: • Taipei - Taipei - Taiwan Subject: • ProductsTAIPEI, Taiwan - June 8, 2017 - PRLog -- Open Pluggable Specification (OPS) is a standard developed by Intel® in order to standardize electrical, mechanical and thermal design between any OPS-complaint digital signage media player and display. That allows digital signage system integrators / network operators to faster deploy systems in higher volumes at lower cost. In addition, the interchangeable modular and cableless plug-in design also simplifies the device installation, usage, maintenance and upgrade by simply plugging or replacing a pluggable player, instead of an entire display unit as well as a web of complicated cables. Quanmax OPS-2002 and OPS-2050 Series, two new models of OPS-compliant digital signage players, are exactly the products to satisfy this segment of digital signage business. But more than that, they offer full for 4K Ultra HD content playback in processing / graphics performance, memory transfer rate and display refresh rate. First of all, a powerful enough processing and graphics chip is the most essential factor to drive 4K Ultra HD video playback. Both players are powered by 6th Generation Intel® Skylake Core™ i processors with higher-performance GPU integrated inside, more than capable of handling 4K resolution. The difference is that OPS-2002 is integrated with an U-Series ultra-low-power processor while OPS-2050 Series is powered by a HQ-Series high-performance-graphics quad-core processor more suitable for heavy usage. In addition, the data transfer speed should be considered as well since insufficient bandwidth may result in video lag and discount the effect delivered to the audience. two players are equipped with the next-generation data transfer interfaces, including DDR4 SO-DIMM memory sockets for providing more bandwidth to data-heavy 4K content to eliminate laggy playback, and HDMI 2.0 video output interface for delivering 4K video output at a smooth fast 60 frames per second. (The rate of 4K is limited to 24 frames per second in HDMI 1.4.) The three features mentioned above can create more lifelike viewing experience to grab customers' attention and help drive sales effortlessly. Finally, remote management is another critical issue especially for large-scale area-wide digital signage deployment, for example, within a mall, a chain, a corporate, a city, a country or even multiple countries. That allows administrators to create, schedule and publish the contents or maintain, repair and update the software from a remote location, which can reduce the need for costly human on-site support. In addition to 2 GbE LAN ports, both players reserves mPCIe and/or M.2 slots for Wi-Fi / 3G / 4G wireless networking connection. Users can optionally choose an appropriate wireless communication module depending on local network infrastructure to make their players connected. More information please refer to http://www.quanmax.com/site/intel-skylake-based-4k-uhd-op.... Contact Quanmax +886-2-27992789 sales@quanmax.com End Source : Quanmax Email : ***@quanmax.com Posted By : ***@quanmax.com Tags : Open Pluggable Specification, Ops, Digital Signage Industry : Computers Location : Taipei - Taipei - Taiwan Subject : Products Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Quanmax PRs Data transfer rate is also a criterion when evaluating a 4K Ultra HD digital signage player Quanmax opens up 'Blue Ocean' infotainment opportunities with OPS compliant monitor Intel® Skylake / Kaby Lake Based 1U Rackmount Server Quanmax Mini Digital Signage Player with Intel® Skylake / Kaby Lake Processor Trending News Waldorf Youth Organization Suspected Embezzlement, Bullying, And Safety Concerns Demand For The Immediate Removal Of The Organization's President How To Hire The Right VA Disability Lawyer John P. Previti Memorial Foundation To Make Impact With Area Youth Thoughout Riverside And San Bernardino Counties GIS Cloud Crowdsourcing Solution Released The Best Trekking Poles announced by OutsidePursuits.com Top Daily News The Best Trekking Poles announced by OutsidePursuits.com - 435 views GrooveCar's CU Xpress Lease Reports Q1 2017 Growth - 241 views GIS Cloud Crowdsourcing Solution Released - 229 views Hit Gospel Songwriter, Performing Artist, Producer, and Director Estee Bullock to Release New Album Entitled "For The One I Love" - 174 views Shea Apartments Portfolio Receives National Recognition for Resident Satisfaction - 101 views Top Weekly News Calgrove Media Announces 3-picture Deal With Acclaimed Child Movie Star Jet Jurgensmeyer For Beloved Popchuck Chronicles Series - 2573 views Dallas Cowboy Hall of Famer Randy White Fishes Lake Texoma  to Benefit North Texas Children - 1695 views L-Tron Product Launch for Law Enforcement: Light Grenade - 924 views Three Shamrock Financial Loan Officers Win the Five Star Professional Award - 855 views Ivana Hamilton wins Mrs. Delaware America Pageant 2017. Heads to Mrs. America! - 687 views Top Daily News The Best Trekking Poles announced by OutsidePursuits.com - 435 views GrooveCar's CU Xpress Lease Reports Q1 2017 Growth - 241 views GIS Cloud Crowdsourcing Solution Released - 229 views Hit Gospel Songwriter, Performing Artist, Producer, and Director Estee Bullock to Release New Album Entitled "For The One I Love" - 174 views Shea Apartments Portfolio Receives National Recognition for Resident Satisfaction - 101 views Top Weekly News Calgrove Media Announces 3-picture Deal With Acclaimed Child Movie Star Jet Jurgensmeyer For Beloved Popchuck Chronicles Series - 2573 views Dallas Cowboy Hall of Famer Randy White Fishes Lake Texoma  to Benefit North Texas Children - 1695 views L-Tron Product Launch for Law Enforcement: Light Grenade - 924 views Three Shamrock Financial Loan Officers Win the Five Star Professional Award - 855 views Ivana Hamilton wins Mrs. Delaware America Pageant 2017. Heads to Mrs. America! - 687 views PTC News Trina Robbins, First Woman To Draw Wonder Woman, Selected For Wizard World Hall of Legends - 1839 views Lennar Announces New Phase of Homes at Tehaleh - 316 views James Marsters, 'Ghost of the Robot' To Perform At Wizard World Comic Con Sacramento, June 17 - 224 views Altair Irvine Sneak Peek Event on Saturday, June 17th - 197 views 'Buffy,' Beckinsale, Kilmer Q&A's Head Programming At Wizard World Comic Con Sacramento - 101 views Jun 08, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Menu Sections Homepage Scoops, Scandals and Secret Worlds Cheat Sheet The 10 Most Important Stories Right Now Politics Non-Partisan, but Not Neutral Entertainment Binge This World News Dictators, Dissidents and Dangerous Places Drink and Food Eat. Drink. Think. Arts and Culture Style, Sex, Media, and The Stage U.S. News Real Heroes, True Crime Tech The Future Is Here. And It's Weird. Follow The Daily Beast on Twitter Like The Daily Beast on Facebook THE SPIN2 days ago Trump Lawyer’s Response: Comey Made ‘Unauthorized Disclosures’ Yuri Gripas/Reuters President Trump’s personal lawyer on Thursday responded to James Comey’s Senate Intel testimony by going after the former FBI chief for his “unauthorized disclosures” of “privileged information” in feeding his memos to the press after his firing. “Mr. Comey’s testimony... makes clear that the president never sought to impede the investigation into attempted Russian interference in the 2016 election,” the president’s attorney Marc Kasowitz said in the public statement. Despite Comey testifying that Trump demanded loyalty from him during a private meeting, Kasowitz said it never happened, further adding that “the Office of the President is entitled to expect loyalty from those who are serving in an administration, and, from before this President took office to this day, it is overwhelmingly clear that there have been and continue to be those in government who are actively attempting to undermine this administration with selective and illegal leaks of classified information and privileged communications. Mr. Comey has now admitted that he is one of these leakers.” He continued: “Comey admitted that he unilaterally and surreptitiously made unauthorized disclosures to the press of privileged communications with the President... Comey admitted that he leaked to friends his purported memos of these privileged conversations, one of which he testified was classified. He also testified that immediately after he was terminated he authorized his friends to leak the contents of these memos to the press in order to “prompt the appointment of a special counsel.” The leak of the Comey memos, Kasowitz concluded, “appears to [sic] entirely retaliatory.” Read it at USA Today Trump Lawyer’s Response: Comey Made Unauthorized Disclosures Cheat Sheet ® Politics Entertainment World News Drink and Food Arts and Culture U.S. News Tech About Advertise Contact Jobs Help Privacy Code of Ethics & Standards Terms & Conditions Copyright & Trademark Sitemap © 2017 The Daily Beast Company LLC
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware Industry intel Intel: Cannon Lake is "on track" and Ice Lake is "taped in" By Shawn Knight on Jun 8, 2017, 7:15 PM TechSpot In a perfect world, Intel’s Kaby Lake CPUs wouldn’t exist. The chipmaker’s original plan was to jump from the 14nm Skylake directly to the 10nm Cannon Lake as per its tried-and-true Tick-Tock release cadence. Unfortunately, that’s not how things played out. Manufacturing difficulties forced Intel in mid-2015 to delay the launch of Cannon Lake and ultimately introduce a third family of CPUs built on the 14nm process to bridge the gap. Thus, Kaby Lake was born. Cannon Lake is still “on track” according to a fresh tweet from Intel on Thursday. Specifics weren’t mentioned although one could reasonably assume that Intel means it’s still on track with its guidance to manufacture Cannon Lake in the second half of 2017 (with volume shipments coming in the first half of 2018). Intel’s tweet also noted that they’ve now “taped in” Ice Lake, its second-generation 10nm product. According to The Guru of 3D, a tape-in is the second to last stage in the design process of a chip. This is in contrast to the tape-out where the physical production of the initial engineering batch wafer samples takes place. Curiously enough, Intel’s tweet didn’t mention Coffee Lake, the fourth 14nm CPU family that’s expected later this year (perhaps as early as August). It is believed that this family will offer additional minor refinements to the 14nm process, much like Kaby Lake did over Skylake. Related Reads Leaked roadmap reveals Intel's plans for Kaby Lake, Apollo Lake-powered NUCs Apollo Lake and Kaby Lake CPUs show up in leaked Intel Compute Card specs Intel details upcoming Apollo Lake-equipped NUCs 8 comments 143 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… PCIe 5.0 specification will support 32GT/s of bandwidth IBM breakthrough process paves the way for densely-packed 5nm chips Product Finder scores 84 Intel Core i7 7700K 4.2GHz Socket 1151 84 Intel Core i5 7600K 3.8GHz Socket 1151 87 Intel Core i7 6700K 4GHz Socket 1151 Popular Corsair Glaive RGB Gaming Mouse Review Tips for Playing PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Load Comments 8 ... User Comments: 8 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 33 Computer Upgrade 25 Pairing AMD Ryzen 5 1400 with what GPU? Budget... 7 New build - PC and Desk setup recommendations 11 Intel or AMD? 7 How to upgrade my PC Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Home | Reviews | Guides | Contest | Case Gallery | Newsletter | IRC Chat | Forums Community Donate to OCC [email protected] [email protected] Misc. Areas About Us Employment Overclocking FAQ OCC Clothing Follow Us! Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Feeds Google Currents Welcome Stranger to OCC!Login | Register ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Review ccokeman    -   May 18, 2017 Category: Motherboards Price: $319 » Discuss this article (0) More ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Introduction: ASUS' Republic of Gamers (ROG) products started as simple way to build a product targeted specifically at the gamer, with features important to gamers that made the ROG boards the Halo board to have if you had the cash to pay the entry fee. ASUS has done a good job of improving the Republic of Gamers' product stack from one that only sat at the top of the hill to one that is available to even the budget conscious buyer. ROG is not just a motherboard line now, with a full set of products from motherboards to video cards, monitors, peripherals, and even complete systems. The ROG product stack is as wide as the day is long and just keeps getting better. The ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming motherboard is built for use with Intel's Core I7 socket 2011-v3 processors, like the 10 core i7 6950X. By no means a budget board at $319, the fact that this is an Extreme Series processor-based product, it's not that bad overall. Packed full of ROG specific features, such as AURA lighting, Gamer's Guardian, exceptional connectivity, Supreme FX audio, an amazing software suite, and one click overclocking, it's tough to argue with the package that ASUS has put together. Let's dig a bit deeper into the ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming motherboard to find out if it can live up to the expectations of the ROG brand.   ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Closer Look: The front of the package features an image of the motherboard with the STRIX branding in bold, RGB coloring running diagonally across the box. You know this is an ROG offering by the small logo in the top right corner. Along the bottom you see that AURA lighting is a supported feature, with the board supporting multi-GPU strategies from both the green and red teams. As an X99-based board, the ROG Strix X99 Gaming is built around the Intel X99 PCH and 2011-v3 socket. The back side of the package hits on the basic specifications of the board along with some of the ROG specific features, like SafeSlot, AURA lighting headers, and an exceptional connectivity feature set.     Inside the box are two layers that include the board on the top level, with the accessory bundle taking up residency underneath. Much like every other ROG offering I have looked at, the Strix X99 Gaming accessory bundle is a significant part of the package with both the documentation and hard parts. You get a user's manual, driver and software disc, data cable labels, fan hub, and STRIX specific decals. The hardware includes six data cables using both straight and 90 degree ends, wire ties for improved wire management, Q-Connector, Q-Shield, CPU installation tool, and a 2x2 dual-band 2.4/5GHz antenna for up to 867Mbit/s* wireless transfer speeds.        Using an all-black theme with red accents, the board makes a good backdrop for the LED accents on the Q-Slots and the PCH heat sink. Designed for use with Intel's Broadwell-E processors, like the Core i7 6950X, and DDR4 memory, the board uses ASUS' own 2011-v3 OC socket. A plastic shroud covers the I/O connectivity and the Supreme FX sound solution creating a strong visual on the board. The back side of the board is fairly clean, with only an ROG labeled IC and heat sink over the Digi+ VRM components. The ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming is an ATX form factor motherboard that should easily fit in any chassis supporting the form factor.     First up, we start with the rear I/O area. The USB BIOS Flashback button is at the top, or left in this view. This button is used to flash the BIOS with minimal hardware loaded into the motherboard. Rear connectivity starts with a quartet of X99 PCH controlled USB 2.0 ports paired up with a dual function keyboard/mouse compatible PS/2 port. An Intel I218V-controlled Gigabit LAN port provides your hardwired network connectivity. ASUS has its own LAN Guard protection system using ESD guards to offer up a 1.9X-greater tolerance to static electricity and 2.5X-greater protection (up to 15KV) against current surges. Underneath the LAN port are four USB 3.0 ports. One is controlled by the Intel X99 PCH and three by an ASMedia controller. USB 3.1 connectivity consists of a single Type A and single Type C port. Wireless network connectivity is handled by an 802.11ac WiFi with 2x2 dual-band 2.4/5GHz antennas for up to 867Mbit/s* transfer speeds that supports the latest MU-MIMMO clients. Wrapping things up are the analog and digital sound output connections for the Supreme FX 8-channel high definition sound solution. ESD Guards have long been used on all of the inbound connection points on the PCB to prevent a current surge from static electricity from taking out any of the installed hardware. Hidden between the top PCIe slot and the furthest left Q-DIMM slot is a 4-pin high amp fan header that supports fan loads of up to three amps. There are a total of four 16x PCIe slots and two PCIe 1x slots to cover slotted expansion cards, like video cards and PCIe-based solid state drives. Slot 1, 4, and 6 are your PCIe 3.0 slots, while slots 2, 3, and 5 are your PCIe 2.0 slots. Up to 3-Way multi-GPU solutions are supported in the 16x PCIe 3.0 slots when using a 40 PCIe lane processor, like the Core i7 6950X or 5960X. The primary graphics slots are protected by part of ASUS' Gamer's Guardian package called "SafeSlot." A SafeSlot is a PCIe 16x slot used for a primary graphics card that has a metal shield that provides greater shear resistance and retention force. In front of the PCIe slots and along the bottom left corner of the PCB is where you will find the bulk of the hardware used for the ASUS Awesome Supreme FX audio solution. ASUS uses its isolated circuitry solution to ensure that you get the best possible audio solution without any interference from the electronics on the rest of the PCB, with split layers covering the left and right channels. On the ROG Strix X99 Gaming, ASUS chose to use the tried and true ALC1150 8-channel audio processor covered by EMI shielding. Once again, Japanese Nichicon audio grade capacitors are used to deliver exceptional sound quality out of this 115dB signal-to-noise ratio rated version of ASUS' Supreme FX audio.        The bottom of the PCB is pretty busy. From the left are the Nichicon capacitors and op-amps for the sound solution, the analog audio front panel audio connection, serial port, AURA RGB LED lighting header, power and reset buttons, and the Q-Code diagnostic LED. That last one is an ROG staple. Next is the TPM header, a USB 3.0 header, and the ROG Extension header for use with multiple ROG accessories. The right side of this connection doubles as a USB 2.0 header to give you the potential to connect up to four ports with the USB 2.0 header next to the ROG connection. The front panel header is next. You can hook the front panel wiring up directly to the header, or you can use the included Q-Connector for an easier path to installing the front panel wiring. The right hand corner is really packed with one of the PWM fan headers, the 5-pin fan extension card header, CLR CMOS jumper, Thunderbolt connection, EZ XMP switch, over voltage jumper, and a header for use with a thermister for thermal monitoring. Last, but not least, is the M.2 slot that supports PCIe Gen 3.0 x 4 NVMe drive solutions.     Another PWM controlled fan header starts the connectivity on the right side of the PCB. Storage options include the M.2 slot that supports type 2242/2260/2280/22110 devices and a U.2 slot that supports PCIe Gen 3.0 x 4 NVMe drives. Six SATA 6Gb/s ports and one SATA Express connection are pulled from the X99 chipset  and support RAID 0, 1, 5, and 10 configurations with Intel® Rapid Storage Technology. The SATA Express port can double as an additional pair of SATA 6Gb/s ports. A second USB 3.0 port is up next and is an uprght connection instead of  being laid over on the side for a smoother look when wiring up the chassis. It is not in a position to interfere with a video card in the top slot, so this really comes down to a preference. Another pair of SATA 6Gb/s port controlled by the X99 PCH only adds additional drive connectivity. Another of the six PWM or DC mode fan headers is next to the 24-pin ATX power connection. At the top corner is the Mem OK button that can get your system started if you are having memory compatibility problems by running the system through a few algorithms that change the voltage and settings to get a bootable solution with the installed memory. Between the 24 pin power connection and the first Q-DIMM slot are a series of bright diagnostic LEDs that can clue you in to where the boot sequence is seeing a stoppage when you cannot boot the system.      The top of the PCB is usually a barren spot with the top of the cooling solution, a couple power connections, and fan headers. That's just we get here with the 4 and 8-pin EATX 12v power connections, as well as the Extreme Engine DIgi+ components under the robust aluminum heat sink. One of the Digi+ VRM controllers sits to the left of the 8-pin EATX power plug with several of the 10K black capacitors that are part of the Digi+VRM circuitry. The three fan headers are designed for specific purposes and are able to be controlled via PWM or DC options in the BIOS. Additionally, they can be managed through ASUS' Fan Xpert 4 software. The left two fan headers are the CPU optional fan header and the CPU fan header, while the right hand 4-pin header is used to support water pumps on the latest AIO water cooling solutions.      Eight Q-DIMM slots surround the socket and support quad channel memory packages of up to 128GB of DDR4 3333(O.C.)/3300(O.C.)/3000(O.C.)/2800(O.C.)/2666(O.C.)/2400(O.C.)/2133 MHz Non-ECC, Un-buffered Memory. ASUS uses its T-Topology to deliver equal length traces to each slot to reduce electronic noise and provide improved overclocking margins. ASUS uses a special OC socket that includes a few more pins in the socket connected to an ASUS specific circuit to improve DDR4 memory overclocking margins. Additionally, these extra pins help reduce voltage and allow the use of a cache bus voltage again to drive higher overclocking margins. ASUS makes use of an 8-phase all-digital VRM circuit managed by the Extreme Engine Digi+ controllers to provide a clean, consistent power supply to the CPU and DRAM. The chokes use a finned design to improve cooling when the power circuits are hit hardest. Two heat sinks are used to cool the PCH and Digi+VRM. At the top of the board is an angular aluminum part, while the PCH heat sink is flat and features an RGB LED lighting system that is used with the AURA lighting controls to display one of 10 different lighting schemes.     Visually, the board does not feature all the shrouds and flash out of the box that the Rampage V 10th Anniversary Edition does, but it does put on one hell of a light show once you hit the power button. Let's see how well the ROG Strix X99 Gaming does in the performance and overclocking testing. --- Article Quick Nav ---1 » ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming: Introduction & Closer Look2 » ASUS ROG Strix CX99 Gaming Closer Look: Programs & Applications3 » ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Closer Look: The BIOS4 » ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming: Specifications & Features5 » ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Testing: Setup & Overclocking6 » ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Testing: PCMark 8, SiSoft Sandra 20167 » ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Testing: Cinebench R15, X.265, AIDA 648 » ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Testing: CrystalDiskMark, ATTO 2.479 » ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Testing: iPerf, RMAA10 » ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Testing: Gaming11 » ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming: Conclusion Next page » Article Index Email Link Print Article ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming: Introduction & Closer Look ASUS ROG Strix CX99 Gaming Closer Look: Programs & Applications ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Closer Look: The BIOS ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming: Specifications & Features ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Testing: Setup & Overclocking ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Testing: PCMark 8, SiSoft Sandra 2016 ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Testing: Cinebench R15, X.265, AIDA 64 ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Testing: CrystalDiskMark, ATTO 2.47 ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Testing: iPerf, RMAA ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Testing: Gaming ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming: Conclusion Related Products ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Review Recent Articles ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Review Serious Statistics Review ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Review ECS LIVA Z Review VIVO CASE-V07 Review Galactic Civilizations III: Crusade Review ECS LIVA Z Plus Review Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion - Producer Interview XFX Radeon RX 580 8GB GTS Black Edition Review MSI GTX 1080 Ti Armor 11G Review » all reviews Forum Posts Time to sell those old AMD cards! Steam Daily Deals OCC Twitch Stream Hardware Roundup: Friday, June 9, 2017, Edition ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Reviewed Latest News Hardware Roundup: Friday, June 9, 2017, Edition Two Pre-Order Characters Announced for Agents of Mayhem, Including Johnny Gat Hardware Roundup: Thursday, June 8, 2017, Edition Hardware Roundup: Wednesday, June 7, 2017, Edition The Swords of Ditto Announced and Coming to E3 Hardware Roundup: Tuesday, June 6, 2017, Edition Hardware Roundup: Monday, June 5, 2017, Edition Need for Speed Payback Announced and Coming November 10 Hardware Roundup: Friday, June 2, 2017, Edition Random Pic Click to enlarge Most Popular Articles ASUS ROG Strix X99 Gaming Review ECS LIVA Z Review Serious Statistics Review ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Review Latest Comments Firefox Gets a 64-bit Version for Windows [6] Repairing Nerves with 3D Printed Guides [1] Valve Announces the Vive VR Headset, Built by HTC [1] Sony Announces Premium Sound Memory Card [1] NVIDIA Hit With Class Action Lawsuit Over GTX 970 Memory Issue [1] Predicting the Past in Quantum Mechanics [1] Equation Group Spying Software Found on Hard Drives Across the World [3] Super Bowl Halftime Show Powered by MAINGEAR System with Four GeForce GTX Titan Z GPUs [3] Fake Facebook Porn Links Infect Over 110,000 Users with Trojan in Just Two Days [1] ContactReview RequestsForumsAdvertiseOCC Logos and Banners © 2001-2017 Overclockers Club ® Privacy Policy Elapsed: 0.1058821678   (xlweb1)
HOME LATEST NEWS NEWSLETTERS SEARCH   LATEST NEWS FOR SATURDAY JUNE 10 Microsoft Shows Off Big Changes for Windows 10 The latest developer preview build for Microsoft's Windows 10 brings a large number of changes to the OS, including a more easily resizeable user interface for the Start menu and Action Center. Malware Hiding in Britney Spears' Instagram and Where Else? The Turla hacker group is up to its old tricks, but with an interesting new twist. Now, the group is using Britney Spears' Instagram account to cover its tracks, making it hard to defend against. Microsoft Borrows from Amazon's Philosophy as Its Cloud Grows Big Firms Join Race for Investors Looking To Make an Impact Market Stats Show Data Center Server Market Slowing Smarter Siri and More Updates Arriving with iOS 11 CLOSE   NEWS TOPICS TECH TRENDS NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING HARDWARE APPLICATIONS MICROSOFT/WINDOWS BIG DATA CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB AUTOMOTIVE TECH CRM SYSTEMS GOVERNMENT CHIPS & PROCESSORS PERSONAL TECH TRENDING TOPICS APPLE SECURITY CYBERCRIME MICROSOFT GOOGLE DATA CENTERS ANDROID TELECOM MALWARE FREE NEWSLETTERS (NEW) News & Product Reviews for Tech Leaders TOP TECH NEWSCIO TODAYDATA STORAGE TODAYMOBILE TECH TODAY HOMETECH TRENDSNETWORK SECURITYCLOUD COMPUTINGHARDWAREAPPLICATIONSMICROSOFT/WINDOWSBIG DATAMORE MORE ON THIS SITE: CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB AUTOMOTIVE TECH CRM SYSTEMS GOVERNMENT CHIPS & PROCESSORS PERSONAL TECH TRENDING TOPICS: Apple  ・  Security  ・  Cybercrime  ・  Microsoft  ・  Google  ・  Data Centers  ・  Android  ・  Telecom  ・  Malware TECH TRENDS Market Stats Show Data Center Server Market Slowing Posted June 8, 2017 EARLIER Microsoft Borrows from Amazon's Philosophy as Its Cloud Grows THIS STORY Market Stats Show Data Center Server Market Slowing YOU ARE HERE:   HOME TECH TRENDS THIS STORY Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. NEWS OPS By Jef Cozza. Updated June 8, 2017 10:35AM SHARE ALSO SEE Server Data Center IDC Cloud Computing Intel Skylake Hewlett-Packard Dell IBM Slower investment in servers by the likes of Facebook, Amazon, and Google is causing a big slowdown in the data center server market, according to a new report by International Data Corp. (IDC). Vendor revenue has dropped to $11.8 billion in the first quarter of this year, a decline of 4.6 percent year-over-year, according to IDC’s latest Worldwide Quarterly Server Tracker. Much of that slowdown in investment is being driven by customers deciding to wait until Intel's new Skylake server processors start arriving in new server models sometime in the second half of the year, IDC said. Cloudy, with a Chance of Shifting Deployment However, the wait for new high-end chips is not the only trend dragging down server sales. The tech industry is also seeing a major shift from onsite data center deployments to cloud service companies selling infrastructure as a service. With more companies opting to use cloud services rather than building their own data centers, there may be less overall demand for new servers. This shift in the way server resources are deployed is also causing much greater consolidation among server purchasers, with fewer companies now responsible for the lion's share of server sales. In fact, according to IDC, a single customer bought more than 10 percent of all servers that were shipped in the first quarter, representing approximately a quarter of a million units. IDC said it suspected such a large investment by a single company indicated that the purchaser is is investing heavily in infrastructure to expand its capabilities as a cloud service provider. But the move to the cloud is not the only factor having an impact on server sales. DRAM pricing issues have also had an effect on demand for high-end server systems, leading the drop in demand for the sector with a year-over-year decline in revenue of 29 percent, down to $1 billion. No Change in the Forecast Hewlett Packard Enterprise claimed the top spot by revenue among server makers, generating $2.86 billion in sales in the first quarter for a 24.2 percent share of the market, according to IDC. But that's down 15.8 percent from the same period last year. Dell, which came in second in sales for the quarter with $2.37 billion, claimed 20.1 percent of the market. Dell was the only major server company to see revenue climb year-over-year, up 4.7 percent from last year. Cisco, IBM, and Lenovo were all ranked in a statistical tie for third place. IBM suffered the worst drop in sales year-over-year, facing a decline of 34.7 percent to $745 million and its market share plummeted from 9.2 percent to 6.3 percent. IDC said the results for the quarter were perfectly in line with its forecasts, and that it expects continued long-term declines in high-end system revenue for the foreseeable future. Image credit: iStock. Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com TOP OF THE NEWS SATURDAY JUNE 10 Microsoft Shows Off Big Changes for Windows 10 The latest developer preview build for Microsoft's Windows 10 brings a large number of changes to the OS, including a more easily resizeable user interface for the Start menu and Action Center. Malware in Britney Spears' Instagram   MS Borrows Amazon's Philosophy   Big Companies Seek Impact Investing   Data Center Server Market Slowing   Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN TECH TRENDS MS Borrows Amazon's Philosophy Big Companies Seek Impact Investing WWDC: What We Didn't Hear About MS Reboots Skype with New Features Essential Home to Run All Assistants INSIDE TOP TECH NEWS NETWORK SITES SERVICES BENEFITS TECH TRENDS NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING HARDWARE APPLICATIONS MICROSOFT/WINDOWS BIG DATA CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB AUTOMOTIVE TECH CRM SYSTEMS GOVERNMENT CHIPS & PROCESSORS PERSONAL TECH CIO TODAY TOP TECH NEWS MOBILE TECH TODAY DATA STORAGE TODAY NEWSFACTOR ENTERPRISE SECURITY TODAY SCI-TECH TODAY CRM DAILY ABOUT OUR NETWORK FREE NEWSLETTERS ARTICLE REPRINTS CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE ADVERTISE WITH US PUBLIC RELATIONS (PR) SERVICES (In Partnership with NewsFactor) SEO SERVICES SPONSORED CONTENT SERVICES News & Product Reviews for Tech Leaders Copyright 2017 CIO Today Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.

Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,431.77 -2.02 (-0.08%) Dow 30 21,271.97 +89.44 (+0.42%) Nasdaq 6,207.92 -113.85 (-1.80%) Take Our Survey Do you trust American companies? Results will appear in an upcoming Yahoo Finance article. Shorts Attack NVDA, TSLA and RLGT Brian Bolan Zacks June 9, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share It was bound to happen.  Stocks that soar high as the sky will end up bringing out the naysayers and of course the shorts.  Their reports are filled with promises of a demise.  They are filled with charts about how we have seen this before when people overpaid for tulips or some other type of flower. At the end of the day, their reports almost always are focused on one main thing, the valuation of the target. The valuation argument is one that investors actual already had when they chose to buy the stock, or not buy the stock or short the stock.  When an investor chooses to buy the stock they do so with the expectation that the company will be worth in the future. How much more it will be worth and when is up to the individual investor.  When the investor chooses to not buy the stock (and not short it) as most investors do, they are making the statement that they don't believe in the prospects for the stock or would rather a better price.  Finally, those that short the stock believe that prospects are not to be believed and that investors are paying too much for what is to be expected down the road Shorts are an important part of the market.  They give us a reality check when euphoria takes over and they often do a little more homework than most as they accept unlimited upside risk when taking a short position against a stock. Follow Brian Bolan on Twitter: @BBolan1 Recent Short Call Citron Research came out with a short call on Nvida (NVDA) as they see a 20% downside to the current price.  Andrew Left noted that he has been a fan of the company but the last few days have seen the market cap increase by the amount of a competitor (AMD).  The short seller says that the company is not a fraud or a scam but the stock simply got ahead of itself.   One of the reasons the stock became overvalued is that Citi put out an "irresponsibly bullish" target price of $180 on the stock. The stock was trading below $150 the day before the target price increase from Citi and it rallied as high as $168.50  today.  Left noted that volumes were also extremely high suggesting that day traders and investors were using the stock as a "casino stock" and asked does the stock need to go up every day to be a great company. While the short-term impact is hurting the stock, the reality is that the stock might have gotten ahead of itself.  Does this mean that the shorts and their target of $130 is next for the stock?  I sincerely doubt it, but a pause for the cause will be a great thing.  The thing that got me was that on a recent TV appearance, Left suggested that the stock price for Intel told him how the business was performing and that is simply not correct.  As noted on the segment, the stock price and the performance of the company are not linked at the hip. Prices tend to move based on supply and demand, but emotions play a role as does overall sentiment in a particular stock.  At the end of the day, a professional investor focuses on the earnings and future cash flows of a company more than the movement of the stock on a minute to minute basis.  Right now NVDA is a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) as analysts have not adjusted estimates (up or down) over the last seven days.  You can see the movement in earnings estimates on the detailed estimates page at this link (https://www.zacks.com/stock/quote/NVDA/detailed-estimates).  My take is that NVDA has a long road ahead and AI is only just getting started.  Investors that have a long term focus should consider adding NVDA to their portfolios. In a recent podcast I discussed the prospects for NVDA here (https://www.zacks.com/stock/news/263279/game-changing-stocks-you-must-own). Follow Brian Bolan on Twitter: @BBolan1     NVIDIA Corporation Price and Consensus View photos Read More NVIDIA Corporation Price and Consensus | NVIDIA Corporation Quote   Tesla Shares Jolted You can add independent research firm Hedgeye to the list of market participants that believe that Tesla (TSLA) is a short.  It was reported earlier today that the firm known for making snap calls and taking quick gains called the stock their best short idea. Sellers quickly overwhelmed buyers with shares after the call was made public but it appears to have found a bottom. David Einhorn, a noted short seller, has been short the stock for some time but was feeling the pain again today as the stock reached another new 52 week high of  $376.87 before word of the Hedgeye call slammed the stock.  Einhorn and Hedgeye are not alone in saying that the shares of the automaker are overvalued.  Just as the analyst at Barclays who has been unwaveringly wrong on the stock and even noted that the recent earnings from TSLA (which were disappointing by most measures) would still be a catalyst for another leg higher in price. My view on TSLA, despite it being a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell) is that shares will reach $450 and probably more.  Let's go back in time, when the stock was far below the recent highs.  April 12 saw the stock trade in a range from $296-$308 -- and it closed that day at $296.84, but that was the day that I published why I believed that it was headed to $450 (https://www.zacks.com/commentary/110024/ride-tesla-to-450-and-beyond) in my article "Ride Tesla to $450 and Beyond." Following a poor quarter, analysts dialed back some estimates and that caused the Zacks Rank for this stock to slide to a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell).  With fresh auto sales numbers coming out around the start of July, I would not want to be short the stock.  Keep in mind that the Model 3, which is primary demand driver for the stock is also set to begin production in that month and those two factors alone should send the stock higher. Follow Brian Bolan on Twitter: @BBolan1   Tesla Inc. Price and Consensus View photos Tesla Inc. Price and Consensus | Tesla Inc. Quote   Shorts Of All Sizes Finally, there was a short piece on a Radiant Logistics (RLGT) the other day penned by a group that also saw huge problems with Burlington Stores and Wix.  I am not going to detail this one out much more to say that the prior missives on BURL and WIX were disastrous to investors if you followed their lead, so why is anything going to be different this time around with RLGT?  These "short and distort" type publications often scare investors out a perfectly good stock like RLGT.  At the same time, they offer wonderful buying opportunities for informed investors who realize the surge that all the transportation and transportation dependent stocks have been seeing of late. Radiant Logistics is a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) and a steal at current prices of just over $5.  The company sports a growth style score of "B" and is among my favorites. Radiant Logistics, Inc. Price and Consensus View photos Radiant Logistics, Inc. Price and Consensus | Radiant Logistics, Inc. Quote Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report   Click for Free Wix.com Ltd. (WIX) Stock Analysis Report >>   Click for Free Tesla Inc. (TSLA) Stock Analysis Report >>   Click for Free Radiant Logistics, Inc. (RLGT) Stock Analysis Report >>   Click for Free NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) Stock Analysis Report >>   Click for Free Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Analysis Report >>   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Warner Bros. was surprised by the success of 'Wonder Woman' — and it'll have to pay for it Business Insider Tech stocks tumble, taking down Nasdaq as big names sink Reuters All the good workers are taken in this surprising part of America Yahoo Finance Stay the Heck Away From Tesla Before It Blows Up Your Portfolio The Street This hotel comes with a water slide in every room Yahoo Finance Video Ray Kurzweil on bitcoin: 'I wouldn't put my money into it' Yahoo Finance Amazon stock flash crashes and then quickly recovers Business Insider Here’s What to Do If You Win the $435 Million Powerball Jackpot The Fiscal Times GOP shrugs off Comey revelations, sticks with Trump Associated Press Just Hours After Ripping to an All-Time High, Nvidia Is Diving The Street Former Continental CEO on the airline industry and saving Continental Yahoo Finance Video Today's charts: Saks owner slashing 2,000 jobs; British banks drop on UK election; Nvidia reverses on Citron Research warning Yahoo Finance Preet Bharara hits back at Paul Ryan's 'silly' excuse for Trump's missteps Business Insider Anonymous PGA golfer says there is one player on Tour who 'everyone knows' is 'a cheater' Business Insider Steve Kerr jabs former NBA players saying their teams would beat the Warriors: 'The guys in the '50s would've destroyed everybody' Business Insider McDonald's Is Coming Back From the Dead, and It's Not Because of the $1 Soft Drink The Street Fox News Was Attacking Barack Obama for Using Dijon Mustard at This Point in His Presidency Laurie: Fox attacked Obama for using Dijon mustard but makes excuses for Trump's team having dozens of highly inappropriate meetings, secret meetings with the enemy state of Russia, which they then tried to cover up? Yep, that makes sense. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.6k
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT ETF Focus How to Prudently Pursue Stock Market Momentum With ETFs Similarly named funds can use very different approaches. The challenge: selecting the right one. By Crystal Kim Biography June 2, 2017 10:45 p.m. ET Chasing performance is a fool’s errand, yet it’s hard to deny the efficacy of momentum investing—buying past winners and selling losers. Even Eugene Fama and Kenneth French, leading experts on investing, acknowledge that momentum is the “premier anomaly” in investment success. If in 1926 a dollar were invested in a momentum strategy —ranking stocks on six-month returns, waiting for one month, and then buying the winners and... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. You Never See It Coming: Nasdsaq Drops 1.8% as Dow Hits New Highs Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Holy Cow! Have FANGs Lost Their Bite? Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Nvidia: Stock Has Become ‘A Casino,’ Says Citron, As Targets Soar Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. AT&T’s Improving Dividends Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Biggest Loser: Nvidia Tumbles 6.5% Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Mid-Year Roundtable 2 How Asia Tech Titans Are Gaining Ground on U.S. Rivals 3 Who Wins as Solar Prices Plunge Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home Contact Advertise About RSS @PowerPage @JasonOGrady Apple’s newest MacBook, MacBook Pro and iMacs now in stock at most U.S. Apple Store retail locations Posted by: Chris Barylick Date: Friday, June 9th, 2017, 05:23 Category: Hardware, iMac, MacBook, MacBook Pro, News, retail You can snag Apple’s newest MacBook, MacBook Pro, and iMac iron at almost all of the Apple Store locations within the United States. Apple began accepting online orders for the new MacBook, MacBook Pro, and iMac models on Monday, but delivery estimates currently range between June 12 and June 22 in the United States, so customers looking to purchase a new Mac earlier than next week may have better luck visiting an Apple Store. Users can use the in-store pickup tool to see which MacBook, MacBook Pro, and iMac models are in stock at assorted Apple Store locations in Canada. Still, it’s recommended that you call ahead to your preferred retail location to see if the computer you want is still in stock. The refreshed MacBook and MacBook Pro models feature Intel’s seventh-generation Kaby Lake processors, improved Intel and AMD graphics options, and faster SSD storage, while the new iMac models received the same treatment plus Thunderbolt 3 ports and brighter Retina displays compared to the previous generation. If you’ve had a chance to pick up Apple’s newest gear and try it out, please let us know what you think of your new machine in the comments. Via MacRumors Tweet Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related Recent Posts Older iPhones, iPads equipped with A6 processor will be unable to run iOS 11 this fall Rumor: Apple could incorporate microLED displays in devices as soon as 2018 Apple unleashes the funny to open WWDC with "Apocalypse" ad Amazon executive extends invitation for Siri on Echo speakers iFixit posts teardown of 2017 21.5-inch iMac, finds user-upgradable RAM, modular CPU Leave a Reply Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Search Recent Posts Apple’s newest MacBook, MacBook Pro and iMacs now in stock at most U.S. Apple Store retail locations iFixit posts teardown of 2017 21.5-inch iMac, finds user-upgradable RAM, modular CPU Amazon executive extends invitation for Siri on Echo speakers Rumor: Apple could incorporate microLED displays in devices as soon as 2018 Older iPhones, iPads equipped with A6 processor will be unable to run iOS 11 this fall June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   « Previous Post Copyright © 1995- Jason D. O'Grady. All rights reserved. O'Grady's PowerPage is a No Beige Production. PowerPage.org | OGrady.com | Action Landscaping Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Toggle navigation Menu Home  News Local National World Politics Entertainment Sports Business Health News Tip Hotline KBNW News Team Police Scanner Weather Bend Redmond Prineville Madras Sisters Sunriver La Pine Powell Butte Culver Terrebonne Warm Springs Traffic Central Oregon Mountain Passes Road Reports Trip Check Eye on Bend Gas Prices Closures and Delays Stations KQAK-FM The Peak 104.1 95.7 FM KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM Events Upcoming Submit An Event About MCO Contact Advertise Careers Media Kit KBNW News Team Radio Stations HBG Contest Rules What to expect next after James Comey's testimony on Capitol Hill iStock/Thinkstock(WASHINGTON) — Former FBI Director James Comey’s testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday raised –- and left unanswered -– many questions on Capitol Hill. Here’s a quick primer on what to expect on Capitol Hill after the hearing. Meeting with Mueller Sens. Richard Burr, R-NC, and Mark Warner, D-Va., the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee, plan to meet next week with Russian investigation special counsel Robert Mueller on how to coordinate their parallel investigations. In addition to interviewing key individuals who may be in Mueller’s sights, the senators want to review Comey’s memos and notes, which the former FBI director said he had turned over to the special counsel. “This is nowhere near the end of our investigation,” Burr said in a news conference after the hearing. Comey coming back — under subpoena? Other members of Congress are eager to hear from Comey. “Former FBI Director Comey’s testimony today left many questions unanswered and even raised some new questions,” Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, said in a statement. Grassley hasn’t ruled out seeking Comey’s testimony — or issuing subpoenas for it and his memos. Top Democrat wants to talk to Intel chiefs and Comey associates The House Intelligence Committee is also seeking Comey’s memos -– but wants to also hear from Comey’s associates given his testimony, Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., told ABC News’ Mary Bruce in an interview. “We need to talk to those people around Comey that he shared his experiences with at the time they were happening and, indeed as he said today, some of those folks were in the room while the president was on the other line,” Schiff said. Schiff also wants to talk to CIA Director Mike Pompeo, Admiral Mike Rogers of the National Security Agency and Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, and press them on their interactions with Trump. Rogers and Coats –- who Trump reportedly pressured to push back on the Russia investigation -– declined to discuss their conversations with Trump in a hearing on Wednesday. What about those tapes? A group of House Democrats and the Senate Judiciary Committee are pushing the White House to release any “tapes” that might exist of the Trump–Comey meetings, possible recordings that President Trump obliquely referenced in a past tweet. James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017 Kushner and other witnesses Trump administration officials and past associates, including Jared Kushner, Roger Stone, Carter Page and Paul Manafort, are also all on the radar of Senate and House Intelligence Committees, whose members hope to interview the men in the coming weeks. Kushner, sources tell ABC News, is expected to come before the Senate Intelligence Committee in June or July for an interview with committee staff. No date has been set for that meeting. Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved. Search: Central Oregon Weather Central Oregon Traffic Facebook Twitter EYE ON BEND Recent Posts Clone Club, start your DVRs: “Orphan Black” returns for its fifth and final season Sunday night Posted June 9, 2017 | Entertainment|No Comments | | BBC America/Ken Woroner(NEW YORK) —  Get ready, Clone Club: the sestras are back.  Orphan Black — the sci-fi series about a group of clones trying to uncover the secret behind their creation — returns this Saturday for its fifth and Continue Reading » News Local/Central Oregon News Tip Hotline Police Scanner National/World National News World News Politics Entertainment Business Sports Health Radio Stations 105.7 KQAK THE PEAK 104.1 95.7 FM News Radio KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM On Demand Podcasts Listen Live Air Personalities Dave Clemens Kendall Kit Mann Lisa Carton Connect Contact Advertise Facebook Twitter Help Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO Report ©2017 MyCentralOregon.com | Powered by WPB™. Served by InterTech Media LLC
Home E-Edition Classifieds Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcams Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment The hottest products, iOS 11 features announced at Apple’s big developer conference June 9, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Social media - no comments By Fiza Pirani TRIBUNE NEWS SERVICE A new operating system, the “most powerful” Apple machine ever created and a totally redesigned App Store? As Apple kicked off its annual three-day Worldwide Developer Conference, techies and consumers tuned in for much-anticipated updates and announcements. Here are some of the most talked about iOS 11 updates and product announcements so far: – New iMacs, including the “most powerful” Apple machine ever Apple hasn’t updated its line of iMacs since 2013, but that all just changed. -The company announced iMac updates with Intel 7th generation Kaby Lake processors, which the company called “the best Mac display ever,” the company said. The new 21.5-inch model and 27-inch model will have two Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports and double the current number of gigabytes. According to the Verge, the 21.5-inch iMac will start at $1,099 and the 4K 21.5-inch model will start at $1,299. The updated iMacs are currently available. Apple also previewed its new all-in-one iMac Pro, calling it the “most powerful Mac ever.” The 27-inch machine includes a matte gray casing and features four Thunderbolt 3 ports, a 1080p FaceTime camera, code compiling, realtime 3D rendering and more. According to 9to5mac.com, the new iMac Pro will be available in December and will start at $4,999. – All Macbook, Macbook Pros will get updates Apple announced all Macbooks and Macbook Pros would be getting speed and performance updates with the newest operating system, macOS High Sierra. The company is also adding a cheaper $1,300 MacBook Pro option. – HomePod smart speaker The HomePod smart speaker, which uses Siri for assistance, will cost $349 and will ship to the U.S. in December, features wireless access to Apple Music’s library. Like Amazon’s Alexa, the smart speaker is also designed as a home assistant for information on news, weather, reminders and will be able to control smart home products. – Apple TV adds Amazon Video, finally Apple TV will finally have an official Amazon Video app for streaming TV and movies. According to CNET, the app will be available on the fourth-generation Apple TV streaming and gaming box ($150). COOLEST iOS 11 FEATURES: – Bounce, loop, long exposure camera effects You need to be Logged in to sign up for Express Login. Using optical image stabilization, True Tone flash and HDR, Apple’s camera update will feature more expressive live photos that look even more professional, the company said. Loop and bounce effects create continuous video loops, whereas long exposure can capture both time and movement. – Person-to-person Apple Pay The new iOS 11 update will offer users person-to-person payment options (like Venmo and Square Cash). Money from these transactions can be stored in the Apple Pay Cash Card and transferred to personal bank accounts. – Apple Maps Do Not Disturb option The new and improved Maps will offer speed limits, lane guidance and the option to turn on Do Not Disturb While Driving, which won’t show text messages by default. But, Apple said, in cases of emergencies, message senders are able to reply with “urgent.” – Augmented reality kit (ARKit) Snap Inc. brought smart filters and Facebook followed with its AR camera. Now, Apple’s here with its ARKit, which the company called the “largest AR platform in the world.” The tool will allow developers to bring even more AR apps to iOS devices. – Multilingual Siri Siri just got a whole lot smarter with its ability to translate various languages, including English, Chinese, French, German, Italian and Spanish. Siri will also get a voice updated to sound more natural. – App Store makeover The new App Store will feature a separate tab for games, how-to content and a “Today” tab of all notable new releases. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit Tumblr More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Email Print Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from Business A look at the impact of the pound’s drop around the world June 9, 2017 - Business - Tagged: European Union - no comments LONDON – The drop in the British currency on Friday will have an impact not just on the local economy but also on companies from around the world doing business in the country as well as tourists and shoppers. The… Read Post → Carmax: Used car dealer thriving as it opens new Waterbury location June 9, 2017 - Business - Tagged: I-84, Social media Towns: Greater Waterbury, Waterbury CT - no comments WATERBURY – The outlook for used cars is bleak, according to a Morgan Stanley analysis published earlier this year. But CarMax, a chain of used car dealerships based in Virginia is expanding, adding 20 new locations over the past 18… Read Post → Digital Life: An analog defense to digital sabotage June 9, 2017 - Business - Tagged: ISIS, Islam - no comments The things we can do these days. On Tuesday, May 30, the Pentagon proved that a missile defense system could knock an intercontinental-range warhead out of the sky. It was like hitting a bullet with a bullet, marksmanship that could… Read Post → Sirius XM buys stake in music streaming site Pandora June 9, 2017 - Business - no comments NEW YORK (AP) – Online music service Pandora is selling a nearly 20 percent stake to satellite radio company Siriuus XM for $480 million as part of moves aimed at raising cash to help take on Spotify and other streaming… Read Post → Amazon move to add 1,800 jobs in state Online retailer to locate facility at long-vacant Pratt & Whitney site June 9, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Dannel Malloy, Taxes - 4 comments NORTH HAVEN – Online retail giant Amazon plans to bring up to 1,800 jobs to a former Pratt & Whitney property here that’s been vacant for 15 years. Gov. Dannel P. Malloy and the company announced the $255 million project… Read Post → Watertown losing its only Bank of America June 9, 2017 - Business Towns: Bristol CT, Canaan CT, Danbury CT, Greater Waterbury, Litchfield CT - no comments WATERTOWN – Bank of America will be closing its sole branch here in September as the financial institution continues to trim its in-person banking centers to compete in the mobile age. The stand-alone branch near Adams Hometown Market will close… Read Post → Gov. Malloy announces new Amazon center in North Haven June 9, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Dannel Malloy, Taxes - no comments NORTH HAVEN, Conn. (AP) — Democratic Gov. Dannel Malloy says Amazon will add 1,800 jobs at a new $250 million “fulfillment center” in Connecticut. In an announcement Thursday, Malloy calls the future center “a significant win for our state’s taxpayers… Read Post → Warning about warming for Trump property June 8, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Donald Trump, Social media - no comments PALM BEACH, Fla. – President Donald Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris climate agreement could accelerate damage to his family’s real estate empire in the coming decades, especially his properties that lie just feet from the encroaching sea… Read Post → Leaders and teachers 17 graduates from 25th Leadership Greater Waterbury class June 8, 2017 - Business, Local - Tagged: Eversource, Waterbury Hospital, Waterbury Regional Chamber Towns: Greater Waterbury, Waterbury CT, Watertown CT - no comments WATERBURY – The Waterbury Regional Chamber celebrated its 25th Leadership Greater Waterbury class Wednesday at MacDermid on Freight Street, highlighting the program’s continued tradition of community development and engagement. The graduates of a nine- month leadership skills program – 17… Read Post → Nordstrom family considering buyout of department store June 8, 2017 - Business - no comments NEW YORK (AP) – Members of the Nordstrom family including co-presidents Blake, Peter and Erik Nordstrom are considering making an offer to buy out the 70 percent of the department store’s stock they don’t already own. Nordstrom Inc. said Thursday… Read Post → ‹ Older posts Newspaper Ads Latest News Cavaliers score at will in Game 4 victory 2 hours ago 2017 Valedictorians 3 hours ago Bradley rallies Red Sox to 5-3 win over Tigers 4 hours ago Yankees widen gap on Orioles 4 hours ago Torrington sets tax rate Monday 5 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    What’s for Dinner Campership Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community    Graduations    Honor rolls Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Entertainment Videos    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    Reader Photos    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Home    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    Wheels News    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Goalzone    Golf    High School       Gymnastics    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       The Streak       UConn video       UCWBB Best Ever       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2016    Valedictorians 2017 Videos Polls Has allergy season lasted longer for you? Yes, it's been awful No, it's been the same I don't have seasonal allergies View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments Hector on Chase Collegiate graduate is a study in perseverance Hector on Police: Bomb maker held Hector on Man found dead in burning SUV in Bridgeport had been shot Hector on Commissioner agrees to add 3 medical marijuana conditions bermuda1960 on Comey: Trump administration spread ‘lies, plain and simple’ Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 06/07/2017 05-21-57-66-69 PB-13Next Drawing: Sat. Jun. 10Next Jackpot: $435.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $273.1 Mega Millions for 06/09/2017 03-16-28-33-37 MB-09 MP-5Next Drawing: Tue. Jun. 13Next Jackpot: $101.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $63.0 Lotto! for 06/09/2017 02-22-24-26-37-44Next Drawing: Tue. Jun. 13Next Jackpot: $2.5 Million; Est. Cash Value: $2,036,000 Lucky for Life for 06/08/2017 12-13-26-29-46 LB-13Next Drawing: Mon. Jun. 12 Cash5 for 06/09/2017 14-22-23-30-34 Upcoming Events Jun 10 Sat all-day City Wide Tag Sale Extravaganza @ Various locations in Torrington, CT City Wide Tag Sale Extravaganza @ Various locations in Torrington, CT Jun 10 all-day Torrington’s 2nd Annual City Wide Tag Sale Extravaganza will benefit the Fireworks Fund. Households, local businesses and non-profit organizations are encouraged to participate. Applications are available at Torrington Parks and Recreation, 153 South Main St., through June 2. Free maps. Sponsor: Torrington Parks and Recreation, The Torrington Lions... all-day Handler & Levesque @ Merryall Center for the Arts Handler & Levesque @ Merryall Center for the Arts Jun 10 all-day Husband and wife team combine guitars and mandolins. all-day Torrington’s 2nd Annual City Wid... @ Torrington, CT City-Wide Event at various locations. Torrington’s 2nd Annual City Wid... @ Torrington, CT City-Wide Event at various locations. Jun 10 all-day The Biggest Tag Sale Event of the Year! Join in the fun! We welcome all Torrington, CT residents to participate in Torrington’s 2nd Annual City Wide Tag Sale Extravaganza! Households, local businesses and non-profit organizations are encouraged to participate in... 7:00 am Used Book Sale & Bake Sale @ New Hartford Elementary School Used Book Sale & Bake Sale @ New Hartford Elementary School Jun 10 @ 7:00 am – 3:00 pm Early birds 7-9 a.m. Saturday. $20. Also, 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Sunday. Bag of Books Sale. Sponsor: Beekley Library BookFriends. 8:00 am Belmont Stakes @ Communter Lot Belmont Stakes @ Communter Lot Jun 10 @ 8:00 am – 8:00 pm 149th Running of the Belmont Stakes. Includes bus, food. View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads More Featured Ads Comments Popular Today Week Month All Comey: Trump administration spread 'lies, plain and simple' Trump tweets on Comey, declares 'total vindication' Amazon move to add 1,800 jobs in state 500 years on, Luther's ideas still resonate OK sought for Waterbury position Today Week Month All Sean T. Lafferty Tainted cupcakes tested by state forensics lab Raymond F. Pettit Mayor's budget approved in Waterbury Police: Bomb maker held Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican-American 389 Meadow St., Waterbury CT 06722 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
A new bubble bursting? Tech stocks plunge - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Belmont/Stanley Cup - watch live Text Alerts Day With Dad Contest LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Belmont/Stanley Cup - watch live Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Belmont/Stanley Cup - watch live Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Day With Dad Contest Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases A new bubble bursting? Tech stocks plunge Posted: Friday, June 9, 2017 4:24 PM EDT Updated: Friday, June 9, 2017 4:25 PM EDT Tech stocks took a hit after a Goldman Sachs analyst questioned this year's run-up in the industry's five biggest names -- Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, Facebook and Alphabet -- the parent company of Google. By Paul R. La Monica NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Tech stocks took a hit after a Goldman Sachs analyst questioned this year's run-up in the industry's five biggest names -- Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, Facebook and Alphabet -- the parent company of Google. The Nasdaq, which hit an all-time high Friday morning, fell nearly 2% by the end of the day. The tech wreck put a dent in the performance of the Dow, which includes Microsoft and Apple, and the S&P 500. The Dow and S&P had also hit records earlier as investors shrugged off worries about the British election and about fired FBI director James Comey's testimony on President Trump and Russia. But the market resilience was replaced by worries that the tech sector could be due for a collapse. Goldman Sachs analyst Robert Boroujerdi took a close look at the Nasdaq's five leading stocks and compared their recent performance with how other big tech stocks fared during the bubble period of 1999 and early 2000. His verdict? Giant tech companies today are cheaper than their counterparts were 17 years ago, a time when the biggest names included Cisco, Oracle, Intel and Lucent (now part of Nokia), as well as Microsoft. Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Microsoft and Google -- which Boroujerdi dubbed FAAMG -- also have more cash and are generating greater cash flow than the leaders from 2000. (FAAMG is not to be confused with FANG, which many traders still use as a fun acronym to describe four top techs. They swap out Apple and Microsoft and add either Netflix or chip giant Nvidia.) But Boroujerdi is concerned that today's tech leaders aren't as profitable as their counterparts from 2000. Another worry: The biggest five techs have an outsized impact on the overall market, just as tech leaders did in 2000. The top five techs today account for 13% of the market value weighting in the S&P 500, even though they are only 1% of the companies in the index. The top five techs made up about 16% of the S&P 500 in 2000. "The recent run in large-cap tech stocks has evoked memories (nightmares?) for some investors of the last euphoric NASDAQ run," Boroujerdi wrote. The good news is that techs are financially healthier than they were in 2000, thanks in large part to all that cash. And Boroujerdi acknowledged that the stocks are much cheaper now than they used to be. Still, investors hit the panic button Friday. Apple was down 4%. Amazon, Google and Facebook each fell about 3%. Microsoft dipped 2%. Netflix and Nvidia, which was the top performer in the S&P 500 in 2016 and has surged again this year, dropped 5% and 6.5% respectively. All these stocks are still up sharply this year, mainly because of strong earnings growth. So it remains to be seen whether the selloff is a classic case of bored traders grasping at straws on a sleepy almost-summer Friday or the beginning of a correction -- or, worse, another bear market -- for the tech sector. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
ITBusiness.ca | Business Advantage Through Technology Follow Us Follow @itbusinessca Like us on FacebookContact Us G+ RSS Search for: Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content ITBusiness.ca Menu CMO Digital HR Mobile Operations Leadership Security Tutorials Finance Sports Blogs Events Videos Slideshows Technology Samsung’s Galaxy Book now available in Canada Alex Radu @AlexTRadu Published: June 9th, 2017 Samsung isn’t letting Microsoft and Apple have all the fun. With the next Surface Pro and iPad Pro releasing this June, Samsung’s own Galaxy Book is entering the ring. The Galaxy Book is available now in Canada. It is impossible to not draw comparisons to the Surface Pro with the Galaxy Book. Samsung’s 2-in-1 notebook tablet runs Windows 10, and is equipped with its own stylus, the S Pen, and a detachable keyboard. However, it does differentiate itself with the detachable keyboard coming in the box. The Surface Pro keyboard on the other hand is an extra purchase. The silver colored Galaxy Book comes in two sizes: a 10.6 inch and 12 inch. The smaller screen has a TFT FHD (1920 x 1280) display, while the 12 inch boasts a Super AMOLED FHD (2160 x 1440) display. The larger display is also significantly more powerful with a 7th generation Intel i5 processor and 8 GB of RAM, compared to the 7th generation Intel m3 processor and 4 GB of RAM. Both models have microSD support for up to 256 GB and 5 MP front facing cameras. The 12 inch also has a 13 MP rear facing camera. Both devices come equipped with fast charging capabilities and USB-C, but the larger model has about two hours more battery at 11 hours and an extra USB-C port. Samsung is pricing the larger Galaxy Book model at nearly one thousand dollars more than the smaller one, but at first glance, the differences between the two are significant enough to justify it. Full tech specs for both models can be read below. The Samsung Galaxy Book is currently available in Samsung Experience Stores. The 10.6 inch model is $899.99, while the 12 inch model is 1,899.99. SAMSUNG GALAXY BOOK 10.6 INCH TECH SPECS Size 261.2 x 179.1 x 8.9 mm Display 10.6 inch TFT FHD (1920 x 1280) CPU  7th Gen Intel Core m3, Dual Core 2.6 GHz RAM 4 GB Storage 64 GB/128 GB eMMC internal, up to 256 GB micro SD card support Camera Front: 5 MP OS Windows 10 Home Ports USB-C, microSD Battery 30.4 W up to 9 hours, Fast Charging Features S Pen, detachable keyboard Color Silver Video Recording: FHD (1920 X 1080) @ 30 FPS Playback: 4K (3840 X 2160) @ 30 FPS SAMSUNG GALAXY BOOK 12 INCH TECH SPECS Size 291.3 x 199.8 x 7.4 mm Display 12 inch Super AMOLED FHD (2160 x 1440) CPU 7th Gen Intel Core i5, Dual Core 3.1 GHz RAM 8 GB Storage 256 GB SSD internal, up to 256 GB micro SD card support Camera Front: 5 MP, Rear: 13 MP OS Windows 10 Pro Ports 2 USB-C, microSD Battery 39.04 W up to 11 hours, Fast Charging Features S Pen, detachable keyboard Color Silver Video Recording: UHD 4K (3840 x 2160) @ 30 FPS Playback: 4K (3840 x 2160) @ 60 FPS Post to Twitter Post to Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share with Google+ More Articles Joy is bad for business, and other insights from Unbounce's deep dive into consumer emotions Technology Galaxy Book, Samsung About Alex Radu is a staff writer for IT World Canada. When not writing about the tech industry, you can find him reading, watching TV/movies, or watching the Lakers rebuild with one eye open. Follow Follow @AlexTRadu on Twitter Website Tweets by itbusinessca Related Content Samsung Gear 360 and DeX come to Canada May 26 Samsung Galaxy S8 Review – All Hands on Tech Samsung posts Q1 revenue growth, no thanks to mobile division Samsung officially releases the Galaxy S8 PageBooks Ayelet Baron – Author, speaker and futurist takes us on a journey to the future of work with an engaging series excerpted from her popular columns in ITBusiness.ca Read More GET NEWS AND INSIGHTS CRITICAL TO YOUR BUSINESS Enter your email to receive the IT Business Newsletter and emails of interest from IT World Canada. Keep this field blank ITWC is obtaining consent to send emails. Your information will not be shared outside of ITWC. You may unsubscribe at any time. ITWC | 55 Town Centre Court | Suite 302 | Toronto | Ontario | M1P 4X4 Websites ITWC.ca IT World Canada.com Computer Dealer News.com Direction Informatique.com Publications Digital Security CanadianCIO Computer Dealer News Computing Canada Community Subscribe About Us Contact Us Social Media Tech Videos Tech News Tech Blogs Tech Slideshows Tech Events CMO Digital Find Follow Produced By: © 2017 ITBusiness.ca
Deadline Continue to Deadline SKIP AD You will be redirected back to your article in seconds Menu Deadline TV ABC Scores Biggest Crowd During Comey Testimony But CNN Beats Broadcas… Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Top Stories Box Office ‘The Mummy’ Unraveling: Uni Pic Eyes Dusty $30M Start by by Lisa de Moraes TV Cosby Trial: D.A. Rests Case As Week 1 Comes To Close by by Lisa de Moraes ATX: ‘Northern Exposure’ Revival?, ‘This Is Us’, More Awardsline Tonys: Predicting Winners In Tightest Races In Years by by Lisa de Moraes TV ABC Scores Biggest Crowd During Comey Testimony But CNN Beats Broadcasters In Demo by Lisa de Moraes June 9, 2017 1:14pm 0 TV Breaking News Politics Ratings TV News ABC CBS Associated Press ABC edged out CBS for Thursday’s biggest TV crowd during James Comey’s testimony, but NBC logged the most viewers in the news demographic – viewers aged 25-54. Related 'This Is Us': NBC's Jennifer Salke Says "Season 2 Will Be Incredible" - ATX ABC clocked 3.295M viewers from 10 AM to 12:45 PM ET when the former FBI director testified before the Senate Intel Committee about his interactions with President Donald Trump, saying he believed Trump sacked him to stymie the bureau’s probe of Russian election interference. CBS was right behind with an average of 3.286M viewers, and NBC News trailed with 2.723M viewers, which also means it finished behind Fox News Channel (3.104M) and CNN (3.059M). MSNBC logged 2.737M total viewers. And NBC News notes that its cumed broadcast and cable crowd put it well ahead of other news operations during Comey testimony. CNN beat broadcasters in the news demo during the headline-grabbing testimon. In the 25-54 age bracket, NBC led broadcast nets with 859K viewers, followed by ABC’s 854K and CBS’s 784K. But CNN clocked 1.017M news-demo viewers, putting it well ahead of comopetitors. MSNBC logged 633K news demo viewers and FNC scored 600K. Here too NBC News notes its cumed audience outstrips competitors. Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 0 No Comments Cancel reply Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. What's Hot on Deadline 1 Actress Glenne Headly Has Passed Away; Was Shooting Hulu Series 'Future Man' 2 Why 'The Mummy' Turned Crummy At The Domestic B.O. & What This Means For Uni's 'Dark Universe' 3 Jennifer Esposito Leaving 'NCIS', Joining John Travolta Feature 'Speed Kills' 4 Bill Maher Apologizes Again For N-Word; Ice Cube Says Slur "Like A Knife" 5 Bill Cosby Feared Looking Like "A Dirty Old Man", Jury Hears 6 Bill Cosby Jurors Hear That Actor Feared Extortion From Accuser 7 Reza Aslan Out At CNN On Heels Of Trump "Piece of Sh*t" Tweet 8 'Insatiable': Netflix Picks Up Ex-CW Pilot Starring Debby Ryan To Series 9 Netflix To 'Sense8' Fans: The Dream Is Over, Show Not Returning 10 'Black Panther': Marvel Unleashes New Poster, Claws And All Latest TV News Kyra Sedgwick, Liz Tigelaar & Mara Brock Akil Call For Gender Equality: “We've Been Working For Men For a Long Time"… Bill Maher Apologizes Again For N-Word; Ice Cube Says Slur “Like A Knife” ‘Northern Exposure’ Revival? Producers & Cast In Favor Of It – ATX ‘Series Of Unfortunate Events’: Nathan Fillion, Tony Hale, Sara Rue, Lucy Punch & Roger Bart Join Season… 'This Is Us': NBC's Jennifer Salke Says "Season 2 Will Be Incredible" – ATX Television Execs Talk Peak TV, Netflix Cancellations & More – ATX More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS Bill Maher Recovers From N-Word Debacle But What Has He Learned… Nathan Fillion, Tony Hale, Others Join A Series of Unfortunate… Amber Rose Flashes Her Crotch In Racy New Instagram Pic So the launch of Blackberry's new phone is going really well About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife SPY TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2017 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2017 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
Send Comments & News Tips Account Settings Bookmarks Sign Out Join Prime Bookmarks New to You Longform The Hive Sections All News Livewire Editors' Blog TPM DC TPM Cafe Muckraker World News Longform 5 Points This Chart Idealab Podcasts Poll Tracker Store Published Since 2000 TPM DC In it, but not of it. Watch Claire McCaskill Call Out Top GOPer On Obamacare Repeal Secrecy SHARE TWEET PIN-IT By Tierney Sneed Published June 9, 2017 12:19 pm Views While most of the attention on Capitol Hill Thursday was focused on former FBI Director James Comey’s Senate Intel testimony, Health and Human Service Secretary Tom Price was also appearing in front of the Senate Finance Committee, an opportunity Dems used to bash Senate Republicans for their Obamacare repeal efforts. Democrats are now touting this exchange prompted by Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-MO), in which she confronts Finance Chair Chair Orrin Hatch (R-UT), who is playing a key role in the writing of the Senate bill, over the lack of public hearings planned for the legislation. “We have no idea what’s being proposed. There’s a group of guys in a back room somewhere that are making decisions,” McCaskill said. Awkwardly, Hatch appears thrown off by McCaskill’s questions, and an aide rushes to his side to feed him talking points, which are caught by his mic. Earlier this week, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) began the procedural mechanics that will allow the Senate GOP to bring directly to the floor, bypassing the committee process. Republicans still have a few key decisions to work out in their repeal legislation, but are expected to send a draft to the Congressional Budget Office in the hopes of bringing it to a vote soon after they see a score. Watch the exchange, via the Senate Democrats’ Twitter account, below: “Will there be a hearing on the health care proposal?” Senator @clairecmc asked today in the Finance Cmte. You should watch: #Trumpcare pic.twitter.com/rmKB0rGnTM — Senate Democrats (@SenateDems) June 9, 2017   ABOUT THE AUTHOR Tierney Sneed Tierney Sneed is a reporter for Talking Points Memo. She previously worked for U.S. News and World Report. She grew up in Florida and attended Georgetown University. LIKE US ON FACEBOOK PIN-IT TWEET SHARE ADVERTISEMENT LiveWire New York Attorney General's Office 'Looking Into' Eric Trump Foundation about 6 hours ago The New York attorney general’s office is looking into the Eric Trump Foundation following... Trump Contradicts Tillerson Line On Blockade Of Qatar Within Hours about 6 hours ago President Donald Trump contradicted his own secretary of state on Friday, hours after Rex Tillerson... After Glaring Omission In Brussels, Trump Commits To NATO's Article 5 about 7 hours ago After declining on multiple occasions to affirm the United States commitment to Article 5... Trump '100 Percent’ Willing To Testify Under Oath About Comey Conversations about 7 hours ago President Donald Trump said Friday that he would be "100 percent" willing to testify... Trump On Comey: 'No Collusion. No Obstruction. He's A Leaker' about 7 hours ago President Donald Trump on Friday responded to fired FBI Director James Comey’s testimony the previous... ADVERTISEMENT Most Popular ADVERTISEMENT Talking Points Memo ADVERTISEMENT The Hive TOP DISCUSSIONS COMMENTS ADVERTISEMENT About Terms of Use Careers Site Status Advertise Contact Editor & Publisher Josh Marshall Managing Editor David Kurtz Senior Editor Catherine Thompson News Editor David Taintor Reporters Tierney Sneed Allegra Kirkland Alice Ollstein Newswriters Esme Cribb Caitlin Mac Neal Matt Shuham Editor-at-Large John B. Judis Social Media Editor Cristina Cabrera Publishing Fellow Annie Rees General Manager & General Counsel Millet Israeli Senior Vice President for Advertising Strategy Will Johnson Executive Publisher Joe Ragazzo Director of Product & Creative Development Derick Dirmaier Director of Technology Matthew Wozniak UX/UI Designer Christine Frapech Publishing Fellow Jackie Wilhelm @ 2017 TPM Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks ENTERPRISE & IT WEARABLES Home> Networking Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Computex 2017 Intel GPUs CPUs Mobile AMD Smartphones Motherboards Storage Home> Networking AKiTiO Displays Thunderbolt 3 to 10GBase-T Adapter by Anton Shilov on June 9, 2017 3:00 PM EST Posted in Networking 10GBase-T Thunderbolt 3 Akitio 2.5GBase-T 5GBase-T Multi-Gig Computex 2017 10GbE 5 Comments | Add A Comment 5 Comments + Add A Comment During this year's Computex trade show, we've seen a number of 10GbE related products. Joining the LAN party was AKiTiO, who was showcasing their upcoming small form-factor Thunderbolt 3 to 10 GbE self-powered network adapter. The device will be available later this year, but its exact specs and price are currently unknown. The AKiTiO Thunder3 10G (T3NA-T3LNITY) network adapter is a relatively small rugged box (see the comparison with an iPhone 7 below) made of aluminum with rubber pads on its sides for further protection. The device has one 10 GBase-T port, a Thunderbolt 3 header, as well as an opening for a lock. The Thunder3 10G network adapter supports five speeds, including 10GBase-T as well as NBase-T, and can work not only with corporate 10 GbE networks, but also with upcoming 2.5GBase-T and 5GBase-T networks primarily aimed at small businesses and consumers. AKiTiO is not revealing which controllers drive the Thunder3 10G network adapter, but the architecture of the device is hardly very complex: there is a Thunderbolt 3 controller from Intel (since Intel is currently the only supplier of such ICs), a 10 GbE controller from an undisclosed vendor, a programmable microcontroller, power ICs, VRM and some other things (like LEDs). For their part, Aquantia demonstrated a reference design for a Thundebolt 3 to 10 GbE adapter at this year's show as well, but we do not know whether the AKiTiO Thunder3 10G uses an Aquantia chip and/or reference design, or is working with someone else. AKiTiO will be aiming their Thunder3 10G network adapter at those users who need to connect their laptops to corporate 10 GbE networks. And since modern thin notebooks do not have any on-board Ethernet ports at all, the device has the potential to become the most attractive of the TB3 Ethernet adapters. Another category of people who might be interested in the Thunder3 10G are those who plan to deploy a 2.5G/5G/10G network at home and have a PC that has a TB3 header, but only GbE support. In principle, it should be possible to plug the Thunder 10G network adapter at the end of a Thunderbolt 3 daisy chain after a display and a DAS, but that is something to be confirmed. AKiTiO says that the Thunder3 10G network adapter will hit stores later this year. As for the price, the company isn't confirming an official price at this time. However in poking around, what I'm hearing is that the device will cost hundreds of dollars once it hits the shelves, which admittedly is in-line with existing TB3 Ethernet adapter prices. Related Reading: AKiTiO Introduces Node: Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Box for $299 AKiTiO Thunder3 PCIe SSD Thunderbolt DAS Review Thunderbolt 3 in Action: AKiTiO Thunder3 Duo Pro DAS Review Lower Cost 10GBase-T Switches Coming: 4, 5 and 8-port Aquantia Solutions at ~$30/Port Aquantia Launch AQtion 5G/2.5G/1G Multi-Gigabit Ethernet Cards (NICs) for PCIe Aquantia Launches New 2.5G/5G Multi-Gigabit Network Controllers for PCs Source: AKiTiO Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 5 Comments View All Comments ltcommanderdata - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link Since the enclosure is so large and there's bandwidth to spare from the Thunderbolt 3 connection hopefully there's actually 2 Thunderbolt 3 ports on the back, 1 input and 1 output for daisy-chaining. Reply DanNeely - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link Nope. Not unless it's on the side not shown in any of the pictures, just 1 ethernet on one end and a USB-C on the other. Reply jordanclock - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link The pictures show TB on one side and Ethernet on the other, so it looks like that is a no. Reply Samus - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link lol wow talk about compensating for something Reply DigitalFreak - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link The intel X550 controller also supports NBase-T Reply 1 PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News AKiTiO Displays Thunderbolt 3 to 10GBase-T Adapter DRAM and Motherboard Makers Demonstrate Quad-Channel DDR4-4000+ Operation Seasonic Demos PRIME Fanless Titanium: 600 W, 12-Year Warranty, 80Plus Titanium Synaptics Discusses Fingerprint Security and the Need For End-to-End Encryption AMD Releases Radeon Software ReLive Crimson Edition 17.6.1: Improved Performance in Dirt 4 & Prey Cooler Master Shows Concept Coolers: Closed-Loop Heat Pipe and Flying Saucer Nixeus NX-EDG 27 27-inch Gaming Monitor: 1440p, 30-144Hz FreeSync Enermax Launches MaxTytan: 80 Plus Titanium, Up to 1250 W, Integrated Power Meter ASRock Demos X399 ‘ThreadRipper’ Motherboards: M.2, U.2, 10 GbE, & More Apple Refreshes iPad Pro Lineup: A10X Fusion SoC for 10.5-inch, 12.9-inch Models ASUS Unveils Three Strix Gaming Monitors: FreeSync & High Refresh Rates The HTC U11 Giveaway: Win a Launch-Day Smartphone TWEETS IanCutress: @cryengine1007 @SenJohnMcCain So I'm not allowed an opinion? I thought it was the left being ridiculed for restricting free speech... IanCutress: RT @CANDPatent: @IanCutress @SenJohnMcCain I think he's conflating the investigation into HRC private server use as SoS and the Russian hac… IanCutress: @CANDPatent @SenJohnMcCain I'm assuming he's doing it on purpose to save face? It's an easy thing to understand IanCutress: Is @SenJohnMcCain being dense on purpose? Does he not understand what two different investigations are? You can conclude one w/o the other IanCutress: Hey @CNN, the live app uses flash? really? RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte The UI was definitely doing 120Hz scrolling at times. 60Hz isn't un-smooth by any means, but 120Hz looks even better RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte To further elaborate, it does when the performance is there and you're not running framerate-locked conte… https://t.co/yNUBvsXpx4 RyanSmithAT: @MukiEX57 I honestly haven't heard anything, but that doesn't mean they're not out there RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte Apple PMs have been good. When they don't know something they tend to tell us, rather than presume/guess. It's nice RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte And this is why Tim Cook said dithering and not a native 10-bit panel in his keynote address ganeshts: A great update to PCMark from @Futuremark ; A few more tweaks could make it even more attractive! cc @mccallry https://t.co/lLqqNkkMxI ganeshts: @fivemack @BrettHowse @majornelson Also, cases where OS used to work on data can be same 'node' as file server (for… https://t.co/QcBy4I5RbV ganeshts: @fivemack @BrettHowse @majornelson Today's NAS CPUs are an overkill for simple file serving. Better to put those CP… https://t.co/LZzhoex4pA ganeshts: Is anyone contemplating a 7700K build going to use anything other than an SSD as a boot drive? https://t.co/cioSjAs6Y7 ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson QNAP has some unique well-developed features such as Virtualization Station (QEMU, made easy to use) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? We’ve updated our terms. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Deadline Continue to Deadline SKIP AD You will be redirected back to your article in seconds Menu Deadline TV Stephen Colbert Celebrates “St. Comey’s Day” With Bi… Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Top Stories Box Office ‘The Mummy’ Unraveling: Uni Pic Eyes Dusty $30M Start by by Lisa de Moraes TV Cosby Trial: D.A. Rests Case As Week 1 Comes To Close by by Lisa de Moraes ATX: ‘Northern Exposure’ Revival?, ‘This Is Us’, More Awardsline Tonys: Predicting Winners In Tightest Races In Years by by Lisa de Moraes TV Stephen Colbert Celebrates “St. Comey’s Day” With Big Ratings Boosts by Lisa de Moraes June 9, 2017 9:27am 9 TV Breaking News Late Night TV Politics Ratings Donald Trump House Intel Committee CBS “St. Comey’s Day” was very good to Stephen Colbert. Related Review: A Trump-Like Julius Caesar Falls To Assassins In Central Park Celebrating the day that sacked FBI Director James Comey called President Donald Trump a liar five times in testimony before the Senate Intel Committee, Colbert’s Late Show finished first in the 56 local markets. Colbert’s household 2.8/7 rating was Late Show’s biggest Thursday overnight rating since Colbert premiered as host in September of 2015. Late Show spiked 65% compared to same night last year and 27% from its most first-run Thursday broadcast on May 25. Colbert climbed 133% in the 18-49 demographic from a year ago in early ratings. NBC’s Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon logged a household 1.9/5, and ABC’s Jimmy Kimmel Live scored a 1.6/4 with an encore episode. In the 25 markets with Local People Meters, Fallon edged out Colbert with a demo 0.8/4 and 0.7/4, respectively. JKL‘s repeat clocked 0.5/3. “Happy St. Comey’s Day!” Colbert enthused at the top of his Thursday night broadcast, setting the tone for his monologue. “Everybody was looking forward to the former FBI director testifying about all the juicy details of his meetings with Donald Trump…Remember, Comey wrote everything down and all his memos are going to be collected in his new children’s book, ‘James and the Guilty Orange.'” Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 9 9 Comments Cancel reply Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. masterradfox • on Jun 9, 2017 9:36 am So did he (Comey) give out the information hoped for by those opposed to President Trump? I think not but he did do a good presentation of sulky feelings hurt by firing. We should be glad he didn’t go postal. Reply Labarde • on Jun 9, 2017 11:12 am Yeepeedudah yeepedee ay my oh my what a wonderful day for Colbert!!!:) Reply • on Jun 9, 2017 12:01 pm “Guilty Orange”? Apparently Colbert didnt watch the testimony, Comey very much said Trump wasnt “guilty” of anything..smh :/ why do liberals lie so much? Reply FrankE • on Jun 9, 2017 3:31 pm Why are you surprised? Colbert was also the one who said Trump would never be president. Reply cadavra • on Jun 9, 2017 3:36 pm Apparently neither did you. He said no such thing. Reply • on Jun 9, 2017 12:13 pm The leader of your movement is a late night comedian. How sad. Reply Ivory Dorsey • 8 hours ago STEPHEN COLBERT: CLASSIC, COMEDIC, COLBERT; BRILLIANTLY DISCERNING THE COMEY CHAOS: Is there such a thing as too much laughter? The provoked balance between laughing and crying is sobering yet invigorating. What a mind, what a gift, what a sobering reality…He makes you laugh until you cry and then reality sets in; crying could be the appropriate response to what is going on. Go figure Reply • 4 hours ago It strikes me as funny and sad that in your world, and that of the Orange Sphincter, Comey is only to be believed in part of his testimony. Funny how it’s only the part that is seen to vindicate something the Liar in Chief said, but the rest of what he said is just wrong. Doesn’t that seem a little odd to any of you? How did the cognitive dissonance not drive you insane? Reply Dora • 2 hours ago Congratulations Stephen. He deserves it. Reply What's Hot on Deadline 1 Actress Glenne Headly Has Passed Away; Was Shooting Hulu Series 'Future Man' 2 Why 'The Mummy' Turned Crummy At The Domestic B.O. & What This Means For Uni's 'Dark Universe' 3 Jennifer Esposito Leaving 'NCIS', Joining John Travolta Feature 'Speed Kills' 4 Bill Maher Apologizes Again For N-Word; Ice Cube Says Slur "Like A Knife" 5 Bill Cosby Feared Looking Like "A Dirty Old Man", Jury Hears 6 Bill Cosby Jurors Hear That Actor Feared Extortion From Accuser 7 Reza Aslan Out At CNN On Heels Of Trump "Piece of Sh*t" Tweet 8 'Insatiable': Netflix Picks Up Ex-CW Pilot Starring Debby Ryan To Series 9 Netflix To 'Sense8' Fans: The Dream Is Over, Show Not Returning 10 'Black Panther': Marvel Unleashes New Poster, Claws And All Latest TV News Kyra Sedgwick, Liz Tigelaar & Mara Brock Akil Call For Gender Equality: “We've Been Working For Men For a Long Time"… Bill Maher Apologizes Again For N-Word; Ice Cube Says Slur “Like A Knife” ‘Northern Exposure’ Revival? Producers & Cast In Favor Of It – ATX ‘Series Of Unfortunate Events’: Nathan Fillion, Tony Hale, Sara Rue, Lucy Punch & Roger Bart Join Season… 'This Is Us': NBC's Jennifer Salke Says "Season 2 Will Be Incredible" – ATX Television Execs Talk Peak TV, Netflix Cancellations & More – ATX More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS Bill Maher Recovers From N-Word Debacle But What Has He Learned… Nathan Fillion, Tony Hale, Others Join A Series of Unfortunate… Amber Rose Flashes Her Crotch In Racy New Instagram Pic So the launch of Blackberry's new phone is going really well About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife SPY TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2017 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2017 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Apple dips after report that future iPhone modems could lag rivals Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Sat Jun 10, 2017 | 12:45am IST Apple dips after report that future iPhone modems could lag rivals FILE PHOTO: The Apple logo is seen on a computer screen in an illustration photo taken in Bordeaux, France, February 1, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau/File Photo Shares of Apple Inc (AAPL.O) fell more than 3 percent on Friday after Bloomberg News reported that iPhones launched later this year will use modem chips with slower download speeds than some rival smartphones. Apple is widely expected to upgrade its iPhone this year, which marks the device's 10th anniversary, and suggestions that its technology will lag the performance of high-end smartphones running Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) Android system could hurt its sales. An Apple spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Apple supplier Qualcomm Inc (QCOM.O) sells modems capable of downloading data at cutting-edge 1 gigabit speeds, but rival chipmaker Intel Corp's (INTC.O) modem technology does not yet have that capability, according to the Bloomberg report. Since Apple is traditionally reluctant to rely on just one supplier, it is using modems from both companies, but capping download speeds of the quicker Qualcomm modems so that all of the new iPhones perform the same, Bloomberg reported, citing unnamed sources. Shares of the Cupertino, California company have surged 29 percent so far in 2017, largely in anticipation of the iPhone upgrade. The stock on Friday declined 3.5 percent to $149.60. (Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by Bill Rigby) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News White House, Congress Republicans nearing key tax overhaul decisions WASHINGTON The Trump administration and top Republicans in U.S. Congress are within a few weeks of agreeing on central aspects of a tax overhaul plan that will determine the contours of legislation now expected in September, an administration official told Reuters this week. Germany's Merkel lends support to Mexico over NAFTA MEXICO CITY Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel on Friday backed Mexico to press for a successful renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Donald Trump, thanking its government for keeping German interests in mind during the talks. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick India's plan to develop key Iranian port faces U.S. headwinds Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch OnePlus 5 iPhone 7 deals Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / iPhone 8 users might miss out on gigabit data speeds — and for a pretty silly reason iPhone 8 users might miss out on gigabit data speeds — and for a pretty silly reason by Chris Smith 13 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments The forthcoming iPhone 8 is primed to be Apple’s most advanced handset ever, but it may fall behind its Android rivals in one key area, according to a report on Friday. According to a Bloomberg report, Apple will eschew its chance to capitalise on gigabit LTE speeds soon to be offered by US networks Verizon and AT&T. The reason? According to the source, it’s the company’s ongoing litigation with Qualcomm will prevent Apple including the already-available gigabit modem. Instead, the report says, Apple will wait to use Intel’s rival chip which won’t be ready in time to make it into this year’s handsets. Related: New iPad Pro 9.7-inch review Of course, Qualcomm’s chip is featured in Samsung’s Galaxy S8, and we expect to see it in the OnePlus 5 when it is revealed later this month. If you’re not familiar with gigabit data speeds, it means the ability to download a gigabit of data in a single second. That means 125 megabytes per second. That’s an entire LP and then some. While it's far from being ready in the UK, the ability to one-day access the gigabit data speeds would go a long way towards future-proofing any 2017 smartphone. Would this omission affect your decision to buy an iPhone 8? Share your thoughts in the comments below. Latest Deals From Ebay NEW Apple iPhone 5C GSM Unlocked in Original Box 8 16GB 32GB $169.95 View Item APPLE IPHONE SE 16GB 64GB GSM Worldwide GSM Unlocked Smartphone $289.99 View Item Apple IPHONE 6 6Plus 16GB 64GB WORLDWIDE GSM UNLOCKED SPACE GRAY/ GOLD/ SILVER $489.00 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC | Survey Monkey Small Business Survey Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Market Insider Apple, Facebook and other big tech stocks tank, weigh on Wall Street Facebook, Apple, Amazon.com, Alphabet, Microsoft all fell more than 3 percent Friday as investors rotated out of the stocks. The group has been the market's leaders and is behind about 40 percent of its performance this year. Goldman Sachs analyzed the group and finds it has some advantages and disadvantages when compared to the tech leaders before the tech bubble burst in 2000. Patti Domm | @pattidomm 11 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters The tech sector can't lead the market forever: Strategist    12 Hours Ago | 01:44 Big tech was slammed Friday as investors took profits from the group, which some fear has become a massive market bubble. The sell-off accelerated in afternoon trading, with the Nasdaq falling 2.4 percent, and names like Facebook and Apple, down 4 percent. The S&P tech sector was down 3.3 percent Friday but was still up 18 percent for the year. Goldman Sachs on Friday released a report on the top five outperforming mega-cap names in tech with some warnings on valuations and concerns that their volatility has become extraordinarily low. In fact, the stocks had become closely correlated to safe haven plays, like bonds and utilities. Goldman studied the valuations of the tech leaders, known as the FAAMG — for Facebook, Amazon.com, Apple, Microsoft and Alphabet (Google). (It left out Netflix from the original FANG, since its impact on the S&P 500 is still too small.) What it found is that the current-day tech stocks have advantages in cash flow, valuation and cash balances over the top five tech names in the first quarter of 2000 — just before the bubble burst. But the current group is behind in profitability, as measured by gross profits and total assets. The tech bubble names Goldman studied included Lucent, Cisco, Oracle and Intel. Microsoft was the only stock to make both lists The FAAMG names have added a total of $600 billion of market capitalization this year — the equivalent of the GDP of Hong Kong and South Africa combined, says Goldman. The group makes up about 13 percent of the S&P 500, but has accounted for almost 40 percent of its year-to-date performance. The stocks are among the top holdings of hedge funds. The analysts noted that mutual funds, aimed at core, growth and value, are overweight all but Apple, and the five companies combined are 11.8 percent of those mutual fund holdings. show chapters Why Wall Street's most accurate analyst urged traders to buy the tech wreck    9 Hours Ago | 03:31 The analysts said that momentum and growth as market factors are elevated and the tech names are appealing because investors may be looking for opportunities that are not dependent on policy changes in Washington. UBS also commented on the FAAMG group of big tech stocks Friday. Julian Emanuel, equity and derivatives analyst, still likes tech but says they could be vulnerable in the near term as investors rotate to other groups. "That could be a short-term headwind given the outperformance. But the long-term earnings growth story remains intact," he said. Emanuel noted there were four times when a handful of tech names became so powerful. Twice, it ended badly—after 1999 and 2007. But they also were leaders in 1993 and 2005. He said it's notable that on the previous occasions, Microsoft fell 62.8 percent after the 2000 bubble and was down 45.4 in the financial crisis in 2008. "Such declines now appear as blips on a long-term chart," Emanuel noted. The FAAMG group does break some historic trends. Goldman Sachs says the volatility in the FAAMG bloc is lower than not only the S&P 500, but the staples sector and utilities. The group continues to be closely tied to tech and discretionary stocks, but it has also started trading more with the other sectors following the U.S. election and its correlation to staples and utilities is at a five-year high. "Steady sales growth, rising cash balances and limited market shocks have dampened realized volatility to the point that they now look more like consumer staples than tech stocks. If FAAMG was its own sector it would screen with the lowest realized volatility," the Goldman analysts wrote. But they also noted that investors are using the group as a bond proxy. "Since November, correlation has turned negative suggesting that higher bond yields, typically associated with stronger growth, will weigh on stocks while falling bond yields are a good thing," they said, adding it runs counter to history. While they may be loved, today's tech darlings aren't without potential flaws. "We believe low realized volatility can potentially lead people to underestimate the risks inherent in these businesses including cyclical exposure, potential regulations regarding online activity or antitrust concerns or disruption risk as they encroach into each other's businesses," the Goldman analysts noted. Momentum in the group "has built a valuation air pocket" and is "creating cause for pause," they wrote. "The fear is that if fundamental events cause volatility to rise, these same passive vehicles will sell and exacerbate downside volatility," they added. Goldman points to a warning in the options markets, which is pricing in more volatility for the companies when looking at options three months out, and prices suggest the FAAMG stocks would be more volatile than the average stock in 6 of 9 major sectors, including tech. Free cash flow for FAAMG has plateaued after doubling between 2006 and 2016, and at the same time the group has increased capital expenditures to 17 percent while cash flow from operations grew at less than 10 percent. Cash levels have also plateaued as a percent of market cap. Comparison of FAAMG stocks to 2000 tech bubble leaders Source: Goldman Sachs But when looking back at the year 2000, all five companies have eight times more cash than the big tech stocks had in the bubble. Free cash margins are modestly better than the tech bubble companies but yields are higher. Goldman said that the gross profits and total assets were significantly higher for the tech bubble names and that could be because today's businesses have become more capital intensive. Return on invested capital was also higher but that may be because companies now are using accelerated depreciation. As for size, the FAAMG stocks are almost 30 percent bigger and they aren't as large a portion of the S&P, 13 percent compared with 15.8 percent in 2000. FAAMG is an even larger 43 percent of Nasdaq and provided 55 percent of its gains so far this year. During the bubble, the five largest tech names were trading at almost 60 times two-year forward earnings, with the cheapest stock trading at 36 times. Now FAAMG trades at 23 times forward two-year earnings with only one, Amazon, over 30 times. Watch: Pro says tech needs to add value through products show chapters Tech will be under pressure unless value added through products: Jim Cahn    10 Hours Ago | 01:45 Patti DommCNBC Markets Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL --- MSFT --- AAPL --- AMZN --- FB --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Apple, other big tech stocks collapse into Friday's close >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Is Precariously Overbought MSFT has three bold ambitions, but are they enough to justify the lofty valuation? By Ryan Fuhrmann, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Jun 9, 2017, 11:20 am EDT Get MSFT alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) (TEVA): Nibble on Its Dividend and Wait Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Is Precariously Overbought Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Isn’t Worth the Hype Recent Posts: Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Is Precariously Overbought Diversify from FireEye Inc (FEYE) Stock to Win in Cybersecurity First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Stock Could Really Burn You View All Posts Alphabet Inc’s (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google aims to grow from the convergence of the internet, cloud computing and smartphones. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) also has what it calls three bold ambitions. Source: Shutterstock Microsoft’s first global goal is to create more personal computing. This makes sense as it builds off of the company’s multi-decade dominance in personal computing software, including its Windows operating systems and Office suite. MSFT’s Windows software, combined with Intel Corporation’s (NASDAQ:INTC) PC chip dominance, has been known as the “Wintel” franchise. Office 365 in the cloud is helping fulfill this goal. Microsoft’s second strategic goal is to reinvent productivity and business processes. This can be served by its third ambition, which is to help build intelligent cloud platforms. Its Azure initiative competes with Google’s related platforms, as well as those being pursued by Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Accenture, and International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM). Oh, and MSFT wants people to play games, too. Its Xbox gaming system is a huge hit among gamers. This isn’t a bad consolation prize for essentially being left out on the software that drives smartphones. Alphabet’s Android is the undisputed winner in this space right now, followed by Apple’s iOS, which powers its iPhones. MSFT Stock by the Numbers Microsoft’s recently-announced third-quarter results gave investors insight into how it is succeeding on its three primary ambitions. Reported third-quarter sales looked solid, jumping 8% to $22.1 billion. Growth wasn’t as nearly as robust when excluding the purchase of LinkedIn, which accounted for $975 million of the $1.6 billion boost in the top line. But still, the sales progress was commendable, given just how large Microsoft has grown. And, management sees only about a 1% hit to full-year earnings as a result of the LinkedIn purchase. Of the three main reporting segments, the Intelligent Cloud (IC) unit posted the strongest growth of 11% to account for nearly 31% of total sales. Azure cloud computing sales jumped a very impressive 95% and should lead the way in terms of overall growth for some time to come. This is the main reason investors remain (perhaps overly) enthused about Microsoft stock. More Personal Computing (MPC) was the weakest segment — sales fell 7% to 40% of the total sales pie. Surface sales were particularly weak and fell 26%. Tablet sales, including even Apple’s iPad, have been suffering amidst the strength of smart phone sales. This is a concern, but not a big deal in the overall context of the diversified sales and product base. Total company operating income growth of 6% (to $5.6 billion — a very impressive operating margin of 25.3%) was respectable, but hit by merger-related costs and expenses related to LinkedIn. MPC profit growth was actually quite strong, jumping 20% to $2.1 billion. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/microsoft-corporation-msft-stock-precariously-overbought/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 5 Techs That Just Got Shredded 7 Stocks to Buy in the Hottest Industry 7 Best Buffett Dividend Stocks for Retirement 7 Energy Stocks to Survive an Oil Beating 3 Chinese Solar Stocks With Stellar Long-Term Potential Tech Bubble? What About the China Bubble? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 5 Tech Stocks That Just Got Shredded by Goldman’s Bubble Call 7 Stocks to Buy in Wall Street’s Hottest Industry 7 Energy Stocks to Buy to Survive an Oil Beating Warren Buffett’s 7 Best Dividend Stocks for Retirement Tech Bubble? What About the China Bubble? Most Popular 7 Stocks With More Upside Than Alphabet 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 7 Vanguard Funds to Build an All-Weather Portfolio 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy Test Drive Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock for the Long-Term! Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Will Reward Your Patience Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip World   BRUSSELS, BELGIUM - OCTOBER 24: European Union flags are pictured outside the European Commission building. (Photo by Carl Court/Getty Images)    EU May Demand That US Tech Companies Surrender Personal Data Eric Lieberman Tech and Law Reporter 1:09 PM 06/09/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP The European Union is considering demanding that tech companies surrender sensitive data, even though most of the popular firms are based in the U.S, according to a Reuters report published Thursday. The European Commission was expected to discuss three different options for legislation with EU ministers, including the possibility for law enforcement to gain direct access to company data stored on a cloud, Reuters reports. The legislative considerations likely stem from the recent frequency of terrorism on the continent, as officials want easier and quicker access to potential suspects’ communications as well as other personal information. Formal proposals will not be issued until late 2017 or early 2018. While the EU is ostensibly only mulling over the idea to acquire data situated in member states, the fact that the majority of the largest tech firms in the world — Apple, Amazon, Alphabet, Microsoft, IBM, Dell, Intel — are situated in America may cause international legal battles. The U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), for example, ordered Microsoft to hand over emails stored on a server located in Ireland. The corporation refused, arguing that the DOJ warrant was not valid since the U.S. doesn’t have jurisdiction in the foreign country, and that U.S. authorities must discuss the matter with Irish officials to obtain personal records. The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan voted 4-4 Tuesday, upholding the July decision by a three-judge panel and validating civil liberties concerns about possible privacy violations, according to another Reuters report. Circuit Judge Susan Carney said that, while Microsoft is based in the state of Washington, the emails were stored on a server in Dublin, Ireland, rendering them not subject to U.S. law, namely the federal Stored Communications Act of 1986. Judge Jose Cabranes, along with the three other dissenting judges, believe that such a result could obstruct U.S. law enforcement’s ability to conduct criminal investigations. “It has substantially burdened the government’s legitimate law enforcement efforts; created a roadmap for the facilitation of criminal activity; and impeded programs to protect the national security of the United States and its allies,” Cabranes said in January, according to Reuters. Such a transcontinental legal discrepancy could manifest itself in reverse. If the EU ultimately submits and accepts some of the legislative options, law enforcement and intelligence agencies in the respective European countries may be dueling with U.S. firms (and potentially U.S. law enforcement) over people’s personal data. Follow Eric on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] . Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Dell, Department of Justice, European Union, IBM, Intel, Microsoft Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Apple, other big tech stocks collapse into Friday's close >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Is Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock on a Comeback? AMD stock has room to rally if support holds up Jun 9, 2017, 8:44 am EDT  |  By Bret Kenwell, InvestorPlace Contributor     View All   A few weeks ago, we said that it was “Do or Die Time” for Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD). At that time, shares took a dive from earnings, rallied on rumors of a deal with Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) and fell when doubts came along. At that point, AMD stock was just above support and we weren’t sure if it would hold. Source: Matthew Rutledge via Flickr From our perspective, the bulls were still in control, but barely. If the $10 level were to fail, bears would seize control. That didn’t happen though, as AMD stock put together a more than 13% rally over the past three days. So what should investors do? We’ll get to the technical outlook in a moment, but first, let’s touch on the fundamentals. Inside Advanced Micro Devices Why did AMD stock get such a strong bounce in early June? Two reasons really drove it higher. The first, it became known that Advanced Micro Devices’ RX 500 graphic chips can be used to “mine” cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin. This product launched in April and is still sold out at many online retailers. This has investors optimistic that revenue will be strong and demand will continue once retailers are able to restock. Given Bitcoin’s bubble-like rise, the mania certainly looks set to continue for some time. Additionally, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) just held an enormous event, its WWDC conference. Aside from big announcements regarding the HomePod speaker, a new iOS and everything here, there was something else for AMD. Investors are cheering for AMD’s RX Vega GPU. Specifically, that the iMac Pro will use one of two types from the Vega lineup, the Radeon Pro Vega 56 or the Radeon Pro Vega 64. Both are quite powerful and will be the driving computing force in Apple’s new devices. The effort likely comes on Apple’s part of trying to boost its virtual reality capabilities. Advanced Micro Devices’ recent additions bode well for its business moving forward. Management is returning the company to profitability in 2017, which is a lot harder than it sounds. Over the past nine months, debt has fallen 37% and its valuation (compared to Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) and Intel) is attractive. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/advanced-micro-devices-amd-stock-buy/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 5 Techs That Just Got Shredded 7 Stocks to Buy in the Hottest Industry 7 Best Buffett Dividend Stocks for Retirement 7 Energy Stocks to Survive an Oil Beating 3 Chinese Solar Stocks With Stellar Long-Term Potential Tech Bubble? What About the China Bubble? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 5 Tech Stocks That Just Got Shredded by Goldman’s Bubble Call 7 Stocks to Buy in Wall Street’s Hottest Industry 7 Energy Stocks to Buy to Survive an Oil Beating Warren Buffett’s 7 Best Dividend Stocks for Retirement Tech Bubble? What About the China Bubble? Most Popular 7 Stocks With More Upside Than Alphabet 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 7 Vanguard Funds to Build an All-Weather Portfolio 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy Test Drive Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock for the Long-Term! Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Will Reward Your Patience Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Main Menu Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Business 25 Days of Black Biz Living Inspiration Entertainment All Access Politics Obama 44 Sports Opinion Video True Story Follow Us Search You know Trump’s presidency is bad when Black America is rooting for the FBI Opinion by Dr. James Peterson | June 9, 2017 at 12:03 PM Filed in: Opinion, Politics Hope is dying. Millions of tiny cuts at a time – or presidential tweets to be exact. Hoping that American democracy might survive Trumpism; hoping that some egregious political mishap might bring an end to this presidency – that bald-faced lying, collusion, or obstruction powerful enough to force this Republican-controlled Congress to impeach; hoping that this presidential moment – our national nightmare – isn’t the consequence of our slow and steady capitulation to the evils of capitalism no matter who occupies the White House. If hoping against hope were actually a thing we might better understand our collective willingness to breathlessly watch (and live tweet) the public testimony of former FBI Director, James Comey on Thursday. The hearing, conducted by the Senate Intel committee was must-see TV even for those folks who watch TV through social media. For many Americans who hope for a truncated Trump presidency, rooting for James Comey to make a decisive intervention through his Senate testimony is the most hopeful folks have been about the beginning of the end for President Trump. And yet, rooting for the FBI has been historically counterintuitive for Black America. We don’t have to be “woke” to know that this branch of the “Feds” has been anti-Black for almost its entire institutional history. The Federal Bureau of Investigations has always been our Russia – meddling in our most precious and powerful institutions with impunity. Former Director Comey is an institutional descendant of J. Edgar Hoover. Hoover’s diabolical tactics; his insistence on using the full compliment of federal investigative resources in order to infiltrate and dismantle our movements (for civil rights) via COINTELPRO; and the lie that the FBI no longer uses COINTELPRO tactics are the kind of hope-crushing facts that were inescapable on #ComeyDay. Sen. Risch’s questioning of former Dir. Comey centered on the semantics of “hope” in the statements that President Trump made to Comey in one of their many meetings/conversations. For the senator, President Trump “hoping” that then Director Comey might “let go” of the investigation into former NSA director, Michael Flynn, did not constitute obstruction. That is, a POTUS’ hope was not powerful enough to be a directive for the FBI director. Comey did not seem to agree, but as they played this semantic testimonial game with presidential “hopes,” real hope slowly died – again. The fact that our hopes for #ComeyDay in any way hinged on an exchange about President Trump hoping to obstruct a federal investigation only further underscores the awful irony of our current political moment. Black people have been keeping hope alive in this American experiment since its inception. Our enduring, indomitable spirit is the core of the American ideal of freedom and yet, something about this administration’s incompetence and its brazen power grabs; its embrace of racism; its unabashed conspiracies to profit from fossil fuels at the expense of our environment; its deliberate moves to re-entrench the policed-state in Black America; its commitment to delimiting reproductive rights for women; its sense that conflict and global chaos serves their “national” interests… Something about Trumpism tries to kill the spirit of hope at almost every turn. Here’s to the hoping that our national hope can survive. Dr. James Peterson is the Director of Africana Studies and an associate professor of English at Lehigh University, and is a contributor of MSNBC. Follow him on Twitter @DrJamesPeterson. Related Posts You know Trump’s presidency is bad when Black America is rooting for the FBI Black hair restrictions in schools are a return to the Black Codes They joke about us ‘N*ggers,’ they treat us like ‘N*ggers’ – but they can’t break us The Republican Party is starting to look a lot like a terrorist group Why are hundreds of Confederate statues still standing? After shocking N.C. decision, will Clarence Thomas derail the GOP agenda? Post navigation Previous Previous post: August Alsina accused of brandishing gun at ‘harassing’ fans Next Next post: Cosby lawyers tried to present evidence Constand was gay Get news in your inbox TheGrio Favorites Worst NFL players who won the Heisman Trophy 15 richest NBA players of all time The 25 Most Influential Black American Leaders of All Time The top 10 greatest black quarterbacks of all time Infamous celebrity mugshots 15 films that hurt black America Texas sheriff, husband charged in chokehold death of John Hernandez Marvel’s ‘Black Panther’ unveils new poster, release date Compton’s youngest Mayor Aja Brown wins second term Chicago man arrested after racist tirade at Starbucks: ‘Shut up slave’ This Maryland educator is a teacher by day, committed father for life Cosby lawyers tried to present evidence Constand was gay Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Terms of Service Privacy Policy About Intern with theGrio Advertise with TheGrio How to pitch to theGrio Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Politics Living Video Inspire Health Entertainment News Terms of Service Privacy Policy About Intern with theGrio Advertise with TheGrio How to pitch to theGrio ©2017 Entertainment Studios LLC Powered by PressHarbor.com theGrio Proudly powered by WordPress Theme: TheGrio Theme Prod (nbcthegrio).
Computing Phones Cars Gaming Science Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing Apple’s Metal 2 API Adds External GPU, VR Support to macOS Apple’s Metal 2 API Adds External GPU, VR Support to macOS By Joel Hruska on June 6, 2017 at 4:57 pm Comment For most of Apple’s existence, gaming on the Mac has meant second-rate performance, particularly for the dollar. While there have been a handful of exceptions over the years — often only when major GPU refresh cycles happened to precisely coincide with Mac refresh cycles — the GPU performance available in a Mac has vastly lagged what you can buy in a PC. Apple may not be doing much to close the gap in absolute terms, since the GPU hardware in its brand-new iMac Pro will likely be quite expensive. But it is working to offer better GPU performance overall to its customers, and hopping on the VR bandwagon as well. Yesterday, at WWDC, the Cupertino company announced several new initiatives and products that should make VR on Macs far more plausible, as well as drive higher Mac gaming performance in general. The company’s new Metal 2 API, the successor to its Metal API, and is supposedly up to 10x faster than its predecessor, and will be included in its High Sierra macOS update. Metal 2 has also been credited with adding support for external graphics arrays, which appear to be based on AMD’s XConnect technology and run via Thunderbolt 3. This last is an odd turn of phrase, however, despite having been picked up by multiple websites. The entire point of Thunderbolt 3 is to extend the PCI Express bus in a way that’s essentially transparent to the operating system. To the OS, when you plug in a Thunderbolt device, you’re hooking it up via PCI Express (the exact version of PCIe depends on the version of Thunderbolt you’re using and the controller chip used to connect the ports to the rest of the system). AMD, Intel, and Razer did some custom work to create an external graphics platform that would be easier to standardize, and a set of UEFI extensions to make it work more reliably and with fewer hoops for end-users to jump through. But as far as Thunderbolt 3 is concerned, the idea that you need a new API to support it is incorrect. What users appear to be referring to here is the previous need to patch the OS kernel to allow an eGPU to function properly in a Mac system (as previously discussed at 9to5 Mac). That’s not technically linked to the Metal 2 API at all, and conflating the two just confuses people. The upcoming macOS High Sierra obviates the need for this kind of check. The new external enclosures will include an RX 580 card and will use a Sonnet external GPU chassis. The initial dev kits will also ship with a dedicated 350W power supply, Belkin USB-C to four-port USB A hub, a promotion code for $100 off on an HTC Vive, and a $599 list price. That’s a pretty hefty price hit for an external chassis, and it means that cost-effective gaming on a Mac is going to remain out of reach for now. But by stepping into the external graphics arena, Apple is at least giving gamers with Mac machines the option to game with something approaching higher-end desktop hardware. And the external chassis is much cheaper than the price of upgrading to a higher-end MacBook Pro with a much weaker (RX 460-derived) internal GPU. Meanwhile, Valve is talking up Steam VR support on Mac in a major way. In a recent blog post, the company wrote: As part of our efforts to make VR available to developers and players on as many systems as possible, SteamVR for the Mac is now available in beta. The beta comes in tandem with the macOS High Sierra developer seed and hardware news from Apple’s 2017 Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) that helps enable VR on the Mac. SteamVR on the Mac offers players the same 360-degree, room-scale tracking as the Windows and Linux variants. When Palmer Luckey, the now-ousted founder of Oculus, referred to Apple systems and said he’d build VR support for them if Apple built a decent computer for VR, nobody expected Cupertino to actually field plausible GPUs in the near-term future. Now that they’ve done so, and partnered with Vive to test-drive the platform, will we see Oculus support follow suit? Now read: The best VR headsets and accessories Tagged In apple intel amd thunderbolt razer wwdc metal thunderbolt 3 wwdc 2017 RX 580 external GPU eGPU XConnect Metal API Metal 2 Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles NASA Unveils Mars Rover Concept With Detachable Science Lab Jun 9 First Drive Review: 2018 Volvo XC60 SUV Steers You Away From Trouble Jun 9 ET deals: Dell XPS 13 Core i7 1800p laptop for $1260 Jun 9 Microsoft Files Trademark Application for ‘DirectReality’ as E3 Approaches Jun 9 CD Projekt Red: Hackers Are Ransoming Stolen Game Data Jun 9 Facebook Twitter About Contact Newsletters Advertise More from Ziff Davis: PCMag AskMen Computer Shopper Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net RSS Feeds Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
null
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Apple’s new 21.5 inch iMac torn down, found surprisingly easy to upgrade 06/08/2017 at 10:52 AM by Brad Linder 5 Comments Apple’s new iMac desktop computers feature Intel Kaby Lake chips, brighter displays, faster storage, and improved graphics. But it turns out there’s another change that Apple didn’t talk about when unveiling its 2017 iMac lineup. The new models are also easier to upgrade or repair. Well, kind of. The folks at iFixit tore apart a new 21.5 inch iMac to see if it’s really what’s on the inside the counts. The bad news is that some components are a bit tougher to remove than on previous models, including the speaker on the right side of the computer. The good news? The SSD can be upgraded, and since the RAM isn’t soldered to the motherboard, it can also be upgraded or replaced. If you can get the case open and remove the logic board, you’ll find two SODIMM slots that take DDR4 SDRAM memory. While replaceable memory wouldn’t be a huge surprise from most other computer makers, Apple has been moving away from removable memory in recent years, instead releasing devices with soldered RAM. Even more surprising is the fact that the iMac has a removable CPU. You’ll have to open the PC, remove the logic board, and take off the heat sink to remove the processor from its LGA 1151 CPU socket. But theoretically it is possible to replace the processor with any other chip compatible with that socket. Does this point to a future where Apple makes it possible to upgrade memory and storage on all iMacs? Not necessarily. As iFixit notes, Intel doesn’t currently offer a desktop-class Kaby Lake chip that doesn’t have a socketed design, so if Apple wanted to move to Kaby Lake, the company may not have had any options other than to go for an upgradeable option. All told, iFixit still gives the 21.5 inch, 2017 model iMac only a 3 out of 10 score for repairability… because it’s not exactly easy to get at the upgradeable components. But at least it has upgradeable components. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Leave a Reply 5 Comments on "Apple’s new 21.5 inch iMac torn down, found surprisingly easy to upgrade" Login with Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Guest riddick Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Looks like a first-class active cooling solution. The fan noise goes out the back of the monitor. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 1 day 15 hours ago Guest Josh L Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. GIven Apple’s direction of soldering everything they can in recent years, this is nothing short of astounding. Vote Up2Vote Down  Reply 1 day 14 hours ago Guest 1024x768 Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. No attribution in the article. Here’s the source for anyone else looking for it: https://www.ifixit.com/Teardown/iMac+Intel+21.5-Inch+Retina+4K+Display+2017+Teardown/92170 Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 1 day 12 hours ago Author Brad Linder Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Whoops! I put a link on the image, so if you click it you’ll go straight to the iFixit page. But I forgot to include a text link. Thanks for the reminder! Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 1 day 12 hours ago Guest Treefella Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Surely the soldered RAM was only notebooks which almost seems to be the standard now. I thought that Apple were always pretty good about letting you upgrade the RAM in their desktop offerings, I certainly did that for my Mac Mini. Vote Up-1Vote Down  Reply 23 hours 29 minutes ago Latest News Zotac’s latest fanless mini PCs now available for $160 and up (barebones) Zotac is updating its line of fanless mini desktops with new models sporting … [Read More...] Now you can run Linux on Windows 10 without developer mode One of the more surprising (and geeky) features Microsoft introduced with the … [Read More...] Asus Chromebook Flip C213 coming soon for $350 Asus has two new convertible Chromebooks on the way. The Asus Chromebook Flip … [Read More...] Deals Deals of the Day (6-09-2017) Need to upgrade your home network? Today's a good day to do it. Amazon is … [Read More...] Featured articles Differences between Windows 10 S, Home, Pro, Enterprise, and Education This week Microsoft introduced a new version of Windows 10 which is designed for … [Read More...] This might be the best MP3 player you can get for $1.50 Need a cheap MP3 player? It doesn't get much cheaper than the Simplicity Fashion … [Read More...] What’s new in Android O? Google has released the first developer preview for Android O, the next major … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. You are going to send email to Send Move Comment Move
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russia SPONSORED: Puerto Rico's Future Just In... Biden encourages Romney to launch Senate bid: report Blog Briefing Room — 2h 57m ago Trump to nominate counterterrorism coordinator National Security — 3h 36m ago Trump to make first visit to Supreme Court as president: report Administration — 3h 46m ago Comey friend with memo in contact with Senate panel: reports Administration — 4h 9m ago Maxine Waters: Trump is 'absolutely lying' about Comey conversations House — 4h 28m ago Goldman Sachs CEO trolls Trump: 'How did infrastructure week go?' Blog Briefing Room — 4h 36m ago Florida governor signs strengthened 'stand your ground' bill into law News — 5h 26m ago Trump calls UK Prime Minister May after election upset Administration — 6h 13s ago view all   Gillibrand rips Trump: 'Has he kept his promises? No. F--- no' By Julia Manchester - 06/09/17 11:30 AM EDT 11,862   Sen. Kirsten GillibrandKirsten GillibrandGillibrand rips Trump: 'Has he kept his promises? No. F--- no' Senate confirms Scott Brown as ambassador to New Zealand Overnight Cybersecurity: Comey account rocks DC | Anticipation mounts for hearing | Intel chiefs dodge Trump questions | Trump names FBI pick MORE (D-N.Y.) slammed President Trump with colorful language Friday, saying he has not kept his promises. "Has he kept his promises? No. F--- no,” she said while addressing the Personal Democracy Forum in New York City. Kirsten Gillibrand speaking at NYU just now on Trump: "Has he kept his promises? No. Fuck no."— Hamilton Nolan (@hamiltonnolan) June 9, 2017 ADVERTISEMENT “If we are not helping people, we should go the f--- home," she continued, repeating a line she used in an April New York magazine interview while talking about paid family leave legislation. “If we are not helping people, we should go the fuck home," Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand tells audience of Dem Party at Personal Democracy Forum.— Steve Peoples (@sppeoples) June 9, 2017 The New York senator is seen increasingly as a rising star within the Democratic Party, spurring chatter that she could be a candidate for president in 2020. She downplayed that talk in May. “I’m focused entirely on running for Senate, so yes, I’m ruling it out,” she said of running for president.     Tags Kirsten Gillibrand   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 DOJ: Trump can accept payments... Justice Department lawyers are asking a judge to throw out a case against  383 Shares 2 CNN severs ties with host who... CNN has parted ways with controversial host Reza Aslan one week after... 365 Shares 3 Trump: I'm '100 percent' willing... Trump disputes key elements of Comey's congressional testimony. 277 Shares 4 OPINION: The damaging case against... OPINION | President Trump was able to bait the former FBI director into... 253 Shares 5 Hannity: CNN host Reza Aslan... CNN fired the host after he called President Trump's a "piece of s---" on... 247 Shares 6 Former FBI agent: 'I literally... A former FBI agent said he felt "completely disgusted" after reading the... 121 Shares 7 Parliamentarian threatens deadly... A key provision in the bill related to abortion is unlikely to be allowed. 111 Shares 8 Trump's 'infrastructure week' goes... "Everyone inside has to be on the same page, and that just didn’t happen... 103 Shares 9 Karl Rove: ‘Trump lacks the focus... Karl Rove, a former senior adviser to President George W. Bush, slammed... 95 Shares 10 Goldman Sachs CEO trolls Trump: '... The White House's "infrastructure week" was dominated by James Comey's... 87 Shares 11 Trump blasts Qatar hours after... President Trump on Friday chided Qatar for funding terrorism, remarks that... 80 Shares 12 Krauthammer: Trump likely now... Conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer believes that President Trump... 77 Shares 13 Trump Treasury nominee... President Trump's nominee to run a U.S. regulator office has been... 77 Shares 14 Biden encourages Romney to launch... Speculation has swirled for months that Romney may consider a Senate bid. 66 Shares 15 Trump expected to announce Cuba... President Trump is expected to announce changes to U.S. policy toward Cuba... 64 Shares Load more More From The Web Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 June 2017 by Arun Patil Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Forecast, Supply Demand to 2021 Microprocessor and GPU Market Report Forecast 2017-2021 is a respected source of insightful data for business planners. Global Microprocessor and GPU Market provides the industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Microprocessor and GPU Market industry report study provides analysis based on Geographical Regions, Manufacturers, Applications, Types, Drivers, Opportunities, and Challenges which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. Top key players of Microprocessor and GPU Market covered as: Advanced Micro Devices, Qualcomm Technologies, Texas Instruments Incorporated, IBM Corporation, Renesas Electronics Corporation, Intel Corporation, Broadcom Limited, NXP Semiconductors, Microchip Technology, Marvell Technology Group, MediaTek, Samsung Electronics, Toshiba, Spreadtrum Communications, NVIDIA Corporation, Allwinner Technology and many others. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Global Microprocessor and GPU Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10648218 Next part of the Global Microprocessor and GPU Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The report sheds light on the production, production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Further in the report, Global Microprocessor and GPU Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. The Industry consumption for major regions is also given. Microprocessor and GPU Market split by Product Type: X86, ARM, MIPS, Power, SPARC and Market split by Applications: Consumer electronics, Server, Automotive, Banking, financial services, and insurance (BFSI), Aerospace and defense, Medical, Industrial. Get Sample PDF of report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10648218 Microprocessor and GPU Market by Region: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Microprocessor and GPU Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. For Any Query on Microprocessor and GPU market report, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10648218 Major Topics Covered in Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Research Report Are as Follows: Microprocessor and GPU Market Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders: Marketing Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Market Positioning, Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client, Distributors/Traders List. Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Forecast 2017-2021: Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast 2017-2021, Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Production, Consumption Forecast by Regions 2017-2021, Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Production Forecast by Type 2017-2021, Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Consumption Forecast by Application 2017-2021, Microprocessor and GPU Market Price Forecast 2017-2021 The report then estimates 2017-2021 market development trends of Microprocessor and GPU Market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Microprocessor and GPU Market before evaluating its feasibility.       CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Turbine Dental Drill Market Growth Opportunities, Top Key Players, Industry Outlook and Forecasts by 2022 Next PostNext Ultrasonic Scalpel Market Analysis, Recent Trends and Regional Growth Forecast by Types, Applications and Economic Impact on Revenue; Research up to 2022 Posted on 9 June 2017 by Arun Patil Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Forecast, Supply Demand to 2021 Microprocessor and GPU Market Report Forecast 2017-2021 is a respected source of insightful data for business planners. Global Microprocessor and GPU Market provides the industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Microprocessor and GPU Market industry report study provides analysis based on Geographical Regions, Manufacturers, Applications, Types, Drivers, Opportunities, and Challenges which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. Top key players of Microprocessor and GPU Market covered as: Advanced Micro Devices, Qualcomm Technologies, Texas Instruments Incorporated, IBM Corporation, Renesas Electronics Corporation, Intel Corporation, Broadcom Limited, NXP Semiconductors, Microchip Technology, Marvell Technology Group, MediaTek, Samsung Electronics, Toshiba, Spreadtrum Communications, NVIDIA Corporation, Allwinner Technology and many others. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Global Microprocessor and GPU Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10648218 Next part of the Global Microprocessor and GPU Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The report sheds light on the production, production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Further in the report, Global Microprocessor and GPU Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. The Industry consumption for major regions is also given. Microprocessor and GPU Market split by Product Type: X86, ARM, MIPS, Power, SPARC and Market split by Applications: Consumer electronics, Server, Automotive, Banking, financial services, and insurance (BFSI), Aerospace and defense, Medical, Industrial. Get Sample PDF of report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10648218 Microprocessor and GPU Market by Region: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Microprocessor and GPU Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. For Any Query on Microprocessor and GPU market report, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10648218 Major Topics Covered in Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Research Report Are as Follows: Microprocessor and GPU Market Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders: Marketing Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Market Positioning, Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client, Distributors/Traders List. Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Forecast 2017-2021: Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast 2017-2021, Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Production, Consumption Forecast by Regions 2017-2021, Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Production Forecast by Type 2017-2021, Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Consumption Forecast by Application 2017-2021, Microprocessor and GPU Market Price Forecast 2017-2021 The report then estimates 2017-2021 market development trends of Microprocessor and GPU Market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Microprocessor and GPU Market before evaluating its feasibility.       CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Turbine Dental Drill Market Growth Opportunities, Top Key Players, Industry Outlook and Forecasts by 2022 Next PostNext Ultrasonic Scalpel Market Analysis, Recent Trends and Regional Growth Forecast by Types, Applications and Economic Impact on Revenue; Research up to 2022 Posted on 9 June 2017 by Arun Patil Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Forecast, Supply Demand to 2021 Microprocessor and GPU Market Report Forecast 2017-2021 is a respected source of insightful data for business planners. Global Microprocessor and GPU Market provides the industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Microprocessor and GPU Market industry report study provides analysis based on Geographical Regions, Manufacturers, Applications, Types, Drivers, Opportunities, and Challenges which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. Top key players of Microprocessor and GPU Market covered as: Advanced Micro Devices, Qualcomm Technologies, Texas Instruments Incorporated, IBM Corporation, Renesas Electronics Corporation, Intel Corporation, Broadcom Limited, NXP Semiconductors, Microchip Technology, Marvell Technology Group, MediaTek, Samsung Electronics, Toshiba, Spreadtrum Communications, NVIDIA Corporation, Allwinner Technology and many others. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Global Microprocessor and GPU Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10648218 Next part of the Global Microprocessor and GPU Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The report sheds light on the production, production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Further in the report, Global Microprocessor and GPU Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. The Industry consumption for major regions is also given. Microprocessor and GPU Market split by Product Type: X86, ARM, MIPS, Power, SPARC and Market split by Applications: Consumer electronics, Server, Automotive, Banking, financial services, and insurance (BFSI), Aerospace and defense, Medical, Industrial. Get Sample PDF of report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10648218 Microprocessor and GPU Market by Region: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Microprocessor and GPU Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. For Any Query on Microprocessor and GPU market report, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10648218 Major Topics Covered in Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Research Report Are as Follows: Microprocessor and GPU Market Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders: Marketing Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Market Positioning, Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client, Distributors/Traders List. Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Forecast 2017-2021: Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast 2017-2021, Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Production, Consumption Forecast by Regions 2017-2021, Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Production Forecast by Type 2017-2021, Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Consumption Forecast by Application 2017-2021, Microprocessor and GPU Market Price Forecast 2017-2021 The report then estimates 2017-2021 market development trends of Microprocessor and GPU Market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Microprocessor and GPU Market before evaluating its feasibility.       CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Turbine Dental Drill Market Growth Opportunities, Top Key Players, Industry Outlook and Forecasts by 2022 Next PostNext Ultrasonic Scalpel Market Analysis, Recent Trends and Regional Growth Forecast by Types, Applications and Economic Impact on Revenue; Research up to 2022 Posted on 9 June 2017 by Arun Patil Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Forecast, Supply Demand to 2021 Microprocessor and GPU Market Report Forecast 2017-2021 is a respected source of insightful data for business planners. Global Microprocessor and GPU Market provides the industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Microprocessor and GPU Market industry report study provides analysis based on Geographical Regions, Manufacturers, Applications, Types, Drivers, Opportunities, and Challenges which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. Top key players of Microprocessor and GPU Market covered as: Advanced Micro Devices, Qualcomm Technologies, Texas Instruments Incorporated, IBM Corporation, Renesas Electronics Corporation, Intel Corporation, Broadcom Limited, NXP Semiconductors, Microchip Technology, Marvell Technology Group, MediaTek, Samsung Electronics, Toshiba, Spreadtrum Communications, NVIDIA Corporation, Allwinner Technology and many others. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Global Microprocessor and GPU Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10648218 Next part of the Global Microprocessor and GPU Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The report sheds light on the production, production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Further in the report, Global Microprocessor and GPU Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. The Industry consumption for major regions is also given. Microprocessor and GPU Market split by Product Type: X86, ARM, MIPS, Power, SPARC and Market split by Applications: Consumer electronics, Server, Automotive, Banking, financial services, and insurance (BFSI), Aerospace and defense, Medical, Industrial. Get Sample PDF of report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10648218 Microprocessor and GPU Market by Region: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Microprocessor and GPU Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. For Any Query on Microprocessor and GPU market report, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10648218 Major Topics Covered in Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Research Report Are as Follows: Microprocessor and GPU Market Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders: Marketing Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Market Positioning, Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client, Distributors/Traders List. Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Forecast 2017-2021: Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast 2017-2021, Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Production, Consumption Forecast by Regions 2017-2021, Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Production Forecast by Type 2017-2021, Global Microprocessor and GPU Market Consumption Forecast by Application 2017-2021, Microprocessor and GPU Market Price Forecast 2017-2021 The report then estimates 2017-2021 market development trends of Microprocessor and GPU Market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Microprocessor and GPU Market before evaluating its feasibility.       CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Turbine Dental Drill Market Growth Opportunities, Top Key Players, Industry Outlook and Forecasts by 2022 Next PostNext Ultrasonic Scalpel Market Analysis, Recent Trends and Regional Growth Forecast by Types, Applications and Economic Impact on Revenue; Research up to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global SaaS Based HRM Market Trends, Challenges and Growth Drivers Analysis 2022 Universal Grease Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Alginic Acid (CAS 9005-38-3) Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Learn details of the Global PSD2 and Open Banking Market: growth with CAGR in forecast-2022 Global Metal Deactivator Market – Analysis and Trends RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 June 2017 by Arun Patil Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Size, Sales, Share, Growth Analysis, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2021 Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Report Forecast 2017-2021 is a respected source of insightful data for business planners. Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market provides the industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Low Power Wide Area Networks Market industry report study provides analysis based on Geographical Regions, Manufacturers, Applications, Types, Drivers, Opportunities, and Challenges which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. Top key players of Low Power Wide Area Networks Market covered as: Semtech Corporation, Senet, Inc, Intel Corporation, Telensa Ltd, Link Labs, ZTE Corporation, Qualcomm, Vodafone Group, Nwave Technologies, Sigfox S.A and many others. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10650869 Next part of the Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The report sheds light on the production, production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Further in the report, Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. The Industry consumption for major regions is also given. Low Power Wide Area Networks Market split by Product Type: Weigthless, Lorawan, 802.11ah and Market split by Applications: Utilities, Healthcare, Building/Home Automation, Transport & Logistics. Get Sample PDF of report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10650869 Low Power Wide Area Networks Market by Region: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Low Power Wide Area Networks Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. For Any Query on Low Power Wide Area Networks market report, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10650869 Major Topics Covered in Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Research Report Are as Follows: Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders: Marketing Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Market Positioning, Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client, Distributors/Traders List. Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Forecast 2017-2021: Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast 2017-2021, Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Production, Consumption Forecast by Regions 2017-2021, Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Production Forecast by Type 2017-2021, Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Consumption Forecast by Application 2017-2021, Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Price Forecast 2017-2021 The report then estimates 2017-2021 market development trends of Low Power Wide Area Networks Market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Low Power Wide Area Networks Market before evaluating its feasibility.       CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Food insecurity strains deepen amid civil conflict and drought Next PostNext Global Silver Thin Film Market by Product Types, Application and Growth Forecasts to 2021 Posted on 9 June 2017 by Arun Patil Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Size, Sales, Share, Growth Analysis, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2021 Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Report Forecast 2017-2021 is a respected source of insightful data for business planners. Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market provides the industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Low Power Wide Area Networks Market industry report study provides analysis based on Geographical Regions, Manufacturers, Applications, Types, Drivers, Opportunities, and Challenges which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. Top key players of Low Power Wide Area Networks Market covered as: Semtech Corporation, Senet, Inc, Intel Corporation, Telensa Ltd, Link Labs, ZTE Corporation, Qualcomm, Vodafone Group, Nwave Technologies, Sigfox S.A and many others. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10650869 Next part of the Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The report sheds light on the production, production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Further in the report, Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. The Industry consumption for major regions is also given. Low Power Wide Area Networks Market split by Product Type: Weigthless, Lorawan, 802.11ah and Market split by Applications: Utilities, Healthcare, Building/Home Automation, Transport & Logistics. Get Sample PDF of report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10650869 Low Power Wide Area Networks Market by Region: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Low Power Wide Area Networks Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. For Any Query on Low Power Wide Area Networks market report, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10650869 Major Topics Covered in Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Research Report Are as Follows: Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders: Marketing Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Market Positioning, Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client, Distributors/Traders List. Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Forecast 2017-2021: Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast 2017-2021, Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Production, Consumption Forecast by Regions 2017-2021, Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Production Forecast by Type 2017-2021, Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Consumption Forecast by Application 2017-2021, Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Price Forecast 2017-2021 The report then estimates 2017-2021 market development trends of Low Power Wide Area Networks Market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Low Power Wide Area Networks Market before evaluating its feasibility.       CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Food insecurity strains deepen amid civil conflict and drought Next PostNext Global Silver Thin Film Market by Product Types, Application and Growth Forecasts to 2021 Posted on 9 June 2017 by Arun Patil Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Size, Sales, Share, Growth Analysis, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2021 Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Report Forecast 2017-2021 is a respected source of insightful data for business planners. Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market provides the industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Low Power Wide Area Networks Market industry report study provides analysis based on Geographical Regions, Manufacturers, Applications, Types, Drivers, Opportunities, and Challenges which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. Top key players of Low Power Wide Area Networks Market covered as: Semtech Corporation, Senet, Inc, Intel Corporation, Telensa Ltd, Link Labs, ZTE Corporation, Qualcomm, Vodafone Group, Nwave Technologies, Sigfox S.A and many others. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10650869 Next part of the Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The report sheds light on the production, production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Further in the report, Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. The Industry consumption for major regions is also given. Low Power Wide Area Networks Market split by Product Type: Weigthless, Lorawan, 802.11ah and Market split by Applications: Utilities, Healthcare, Building/Home Automation, Transport & Logistics. Get Sample PDF of report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10650869 Low Power Wide Area Networks Market by Region: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Low Power Wide Area Networks Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. For Any Query on Low Power Wide Area Networks market report, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10650869 Major Topics Covered in Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Research Report Are as Follows: Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders: Marketing Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Market Positioning, Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client, Distributors/Traders List. Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Forecast 2017-2021: Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast 2017-2021, Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Production, Consumption Forecast by Regions 2017-2021, Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Production Forecast by Type 2017-2021, Global Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Consumption Forecast by Application 2017-2021, Low Power Wide Area Networks Market Price Forecast 2017-2021 The report then estimates 2017-2021 market development trends of Low Power Wide Area Networks Market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Low Power Wide Area Networks Market before evaluating its feasibility.       CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Food insecurity strains deepen amid civil conflict and drought Next PostNext Global Silver Thin Film Market by Product Types, Application and Growth Forecasts to 2021 Search Recent Posts Mānoa: New wave buoy off Pearl Harbor will measure ocean conditions SAIC Awarded $404 Million Task Order to Support the U.S. Army Software Engineering Directorate Ohio State celebrates two new Tillman Military Scholars Remarks to Troops and Family Members by the Vice President, Dobbins Air Reserve Base, GA Crystal Oscillator Market Revenue Growth Predicted by 2024 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe Company | design-reuse.cn | dr-embedded.com | D&R Products | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products Dual power supply 1.2V and 1.8V 40KB EEPROM INSIDE Secure SafeXcel EIP-163/164 Multi-Channel MACsec Engine for 400G Ethernet and 500G FlexE 180nm FTP Non Volatile Memory for Standard CMOS Logic Process LPDDR 4/3 3200 HS PHY TSMC 16FFGL+ News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News Barco Silex updates its 4K over 1Gb OEM solutions with new features for Pro A/V applications. Friday Jun. 09, 2017 PLDA Announces "Inspector" - An Evolution of the PCI Express 4.0 PDK That Enables PCIe 4.0 Technology Design Validation and Performance Optimization Today Thursday Jun. 08, 2017 PCI-SIG Fast Tracks Evolution to 32GT/s with PCI Express 5.0 Architecture Thursday Jun. 08, 2017 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles Ultra HD H.264 Video Codec IP solution on Zynq FPGA Monday May. 22, 2017 Correlation of Routability and Placement Density for better QoR in 16nm technology Monday May. 15, 2017 Improving Inter Integrated Circuits - From Sensor Hubs to Platform Management Solutions Monday May. 01, 2017 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs CCIX Protocol Push PCI Express 4.0 up to 25G SemiWiki - Eric Esteve ARM vs RISC-V: Beginning of a new era PraxThoughts - Prakash Mohapatra Unraveling the Topologies of DisplayPort 1.4/1.3 VIP Experts Blog - Synopsys Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2017 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2016 IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles DARPA Funds Development of New Type of Processor Worlds 1st Non-Von-Neumann R. Colin Johnson, EETimes 6/9/2017 01:01 AM EDT LAKE WALES, Fla. — A completely new kind of non-von-Neumann processor called a HIVE — Hierarchical Identify Verify Exploit — is being funded by the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (DARPA) to the tune of $80 million over four-and-a-half years. Chipmakers Intel and Qualcomm are participating in the project, along with a national laboratory, a university and a defense contractor North Grumman. Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (Richland, Washington) and Georgia Tech are involved in creating software tools for the processor while Northrup Grumman will build a Baltimore center that uncovers and transfers the Defense Departments graph analytic needs for the what is being called the world's first graph analytic processor (GAP). Click here to read more ... E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page Search Silicon IP 16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors   Related News New Open Virtual Platforms Processor Models for ARM, Imagination Technologies, RISC-V and Renesas Accelerate Software Development Development Platform released for Cortus APS Processor IP Cores Toshiba Launches Application Processor Development Platforms for Wearable and IoT Devices USB 3.0 Promoter Group Announces Power and Device Class Specifications to Support Development of USB Type-C Ecosystem Lattice's New USB 3.1 Type-C Power Delivery Solution Speeds Development of Next-Generation USB Connectors   Breaking News DARPA Funds Development of New Type of Processor Intel hints that Microsoft, Qualcomm's Windows 10/ARM x86 emulation could infringe on its IP TSMC May 2017 Revenue Report UMC Reports Sales for May 2017 Barco Silex updates its 4K over 1Gb OEM solutions with new features for Pro A/V applications.   See Latest News >> Most Popular Long-Term Internet of Things Semiconductor Forecast Reduced China's ARM twist underlines strategic nature of tech TSMC Promotes Dave Keller to President, TSMC North America PCI-SIG Fast Tracks Evolution to 32GT/s with PCI Express 5.0 Architecture VeriSilicon's Artificial Intelligence Engine Powers Multi-Sensory Experiences in NXP's i.MX 8 Flagship Applications Processor   See the Top 20 >> EETimes © 2017 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:02 GMT +310 June 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search The One Thing Senate Wanted to Hear From Comey But Didn't © REUTERS/ Joshua Roberts US 18:10 09.06.2017(updated 18:17 09.06.2017) Get short URL 31527211 Testifying before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday, former FBI Director James Comey said that President Donald Trump did not ask him to drop his probe into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 US election. Comey’s answer thus deprived some members of the committee of a chance to hear what they apparently wanted to hear. “Did anyone ever ask you to stop the Russia investigation?” Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr asked Comey. "Not to my understanding, no,” Comey answered. He also said that the Trump administration had tried to defame him. © AP Photo/ Evan Vucci Showtime: US Senate Intel Panel Releases Comey Testimony on Trump-Russia Probe“The administration then chose to defame me and, more importantly, the FBI, by saying the organization was in disarray… Those were lies, plain and simple," Comey stated. “It confused me, when I saw on television that the president was saying that he actually fired me because of the Russia investigation,” he added. James Comey recalled how, during a March 30 phone call, President Trump “said he had nothing to do with Russia, had not been involved with hookers in Russia, and had always assumed he was being recorded when in Russia." He added that the media report claiming that the Trump campaign had repeated talks with Russian intelligence officials prior to the election are almost entirely wrong. According to Comey, Trump described the ongoing probe into Russia’s alleged role in the US election as a “cloud” that hangs over him undermining his ability to act in America’s best interest. In an interview with Sputnik, Moscow-based US-affairs expert Mikhail Sinelnikov-Orishak said that the senators wanted to hear from Comey just one thing that could prod Congress to impeach Trump. "What they wanted from [James] Comey was just one phrase. If he said: 'Yes, Trump asked me not to investigate,' it would be enough legal reason for them to launch the impeachment procedure,” Sinelnikov-Orishak said. He added that President Richard Nixon was forced to resign not because he allegedly ordered his people to eavesdrop on the Democrats (which he didn’t), but because he obstructed the investigation that followed. © AP Photo/ Andrew Harnik Trump After Ex-FBI Chief's Testimony: 'WOW, Comey is a Leaker'“That’s why the so-called ‘Russian hackers’ are just a pretext. The bottom line is whether or not Trump was obstructing the probe. Comey said he didn’t and so the issue of impeachment is now off the table.” Mikhail Sinelnikov-Orishak said however, that the investigation into Russia’s alleged interference in the 2016 US presidential election is not over yet. “For Trump this probe will never end […] and will haunt him throughout his entire career,” the expert noted. Donald Trump fired James Comey in May, purportedly for failure to properly exercise his duties as FBI director. Shortly after, Comey went to the media accusing the president of trying to scrap an ongoing probe of Trump’s ex-National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. The opposition Democrats then demanded that Trump be brought to account for obstruction of justice. James Comey conducted an investigation into Donald Trump’s alleged “ties to Russia” – a charge both the White House and the Kremlin have repeatedly denied. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov has said Moscow did not have official contacts with Trump's team during the presidential campaign. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 211 Related: Comey Day at the Senate Comey Hearing Fails to Deliver Any Substantial Information Tags: Senate hearings, "Russian meddling", denials, testimony, allegations, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), US Senate Intelligence Committee, Mikhail Sinelnikov-Orishak, Michael Flynn, Richard Burr, James Comey, Donald Trump, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:54How Russia Could Mediate Settlement of Saudi-Qatar Diplomatic Crisis 09:11Kiev Forces Accuse Donbass Militia of Violating Ceasefire 71 Times 08:01Bulgaria’s Radev to Invite Russian President to 2018 Liberation Day Celebrations 07:50Bulgarian Leader Backs Lifting Sanctions on Russia Despite Having Hands Tied 07:40Olympics 2020: IOC Cuts Number of Weightlifting Athletes Amid Doping ScandalsAll news Iran, Turkey, Qatar Seem to Have Just Received a Warning From Washington 10754 Syrian Army's Allies Threaten US With Retaliatory Strike After Tuesday Attack 9015 New Corruption Probe: Will Hillary Clinton Find Herself Behind Bars? 7016 Too Close for Comfort: Russia's Zircon Surges Ahead in Hypersonic Missile Race 6065 Saudi Arabia Behind Deadly Attacks in Tehran - Iran's Revolutionary Guards 5976All news US-led Coalition Says it Doesn't Aim to Fight Against Syrian Army, Russia 60 US-led Coalition Bombs Pro-Syrian Gov't Forces Near al-Tanf for 3rd Time 33 Syrian Army's Allies Threaten US With Retaliatory Strike After Tuesday Attack 30 Serbia to Sue NATO Over Damage Caused by 1999 Bombing of Yugoslavia 29 New Corruption Probe: Will Hillary Clinton Find Herself Behind Bars? 29All news Recommended News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures Deep Waters 2017 UK General Election: Final Results Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks ENTERPRISE & IT WEARABLES Home> Security Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Computex 2017 Intel GPUs CPUs Mobile AMD Smartphones Motherboards Storage Home> Security Synaptics Discusses Fingerprint Security and the Need For End-to-End Encryption by Anton Shilov on June 9, 2017 11:00 AM EST Posted in Security Laptops Synaptics Windows 10 Computex 2017 SentryPoint Biometrics 12 Comments | Add A Comment 12 Comments + Add A Comment In a bid to demonstrate the advantages of its latest-generation SentryPoint fingerprint solutions, at this year's Computex event Synaptics came with a very interesting demonstration for breaking into a PC. By taking advantage of flaws in a fingerprint sensor implemented without end-to-end encryption, the company was able to showcase just how easy it is to hack into a PC using such a sensor. The ultimate purpose of course being to promote their own wares: the company says that its latest fingerprint solutions for PCs (as of late 2016) not only use end-to-end encryption, but can process the data in secure environments such as those enabled by the Intel SGX and Microsoft Windows 10 VBS. Fingerprint-based security used to be exotic on consumer devices just 15 years ago, and for many cases was considered a stronger method than passwords. Today, fingerprint sensors are ubiquitous and widely are used on mainstream mobile devices. On the one hand, this strengthens security overall and enables new kinds of services (e.g., Apple Pay). On the other hand, pervasive usage of fingerprint sensors makes it excessively appealing to perpetrators to use them as a way to hack into someone’s computers and gain access to personal or professional data. As a result, the right implementation of fingerprint sensing and data processing becomes critical. As it appears, not all laptops available today are equipped with the right sensors and the right software. To demonstrate how relatively easy it is to hack into a laptop featuring an unencrypted fingerprint sensor, Synaptics did the following: Took a notebook with an unencrypted sensor and installed a device featuring two chips and a transmitter on a flexible PCB, which intercepted samples of fingerprints and transferred them via Bluetooth to another computer. That device could not be seen from the outside and it had no impact on performance of the compromised PC. Asked a volunteer victim to enroll their fingerprints into a compromised laptop. Intercepted them. Printed a copy of those fingerprints using conductive ink on a slip of paper. Attacking devices that didn't support anti-spoofing capabilities, Synaptics used these papers to hack into a personal, uncompromised laptop and phone of the victim. Used the “replay” capability of the device to remotely hack into the compromised notebook without even touching it. Below, are two videos depicting culmination of the actions. For an obvious reason we do not publish images of the devices installed, brands, models and other information of this sort. The demonstration was done in a bid to showcase the risk of unencrypted sensors and the results are obvious. The Weakest Links While fingerprint sensors are easy to use, their implementation is a complex architecture that has various weak spots. Below is a block diagram of Synaptics' most advanced implementation of its SentryPoint fingerprint sensor-based security architecture, outlining how everything works: a sensor collects a sample of a fingerprint, transfers that data to the host (or to a Match-in-Sensor, MiS), which performs matching and generates master key to give access to the system. Meanwhile, the architecture of a cheap fingerprint authentication solution will look similar, but does not use an MiS, end-to-end encryption, spoof protection, or secure matching, leaving several areas where such a system is potentially vulnerable. The sensor itself. If someone manages to obtain someone else’s fingerprint and then present it to the sensor, it is possible that the system accepts it. There are plenty of YouTube videos when a phone accepts forged fingerprints made using gummy bears, glue and other things like that. A more reliable method is to print a fingerprint using an inkjet printer and conductive ink, but the principle is essentially the same: spoof a fingerprint. At a public level, this is the best understood attack, and perhaps the easiest to pull off since we leave our fingerprints everywhere. One of the reason why the chewing gum/conductive ink jet printer hacks work is because sensing hardware/software almost never stores the image of an actual fingerprint, but keeps an abstract/hash of its distinctive features (they are called minutiae) in a proprietary format. Once a new fingerprint sample is applied/collected, the hardware/software compares minutiae, not the images. There are multiple reasons for this, including security and practical implications. Even if the proprietary format is hacked, it is impossible to reconstruct a fingerprint out of an abstract/minutiae and thus gain access to other devices that may use a different sensor with a different algorithm to collect minutiae. While fingerprints of one person remain the same throughout their lifetime, their high-res images change because of small cuts, micro chaps, etc. making everything harder to process and/or just not letting a legitimate person with a cut in. The interconnection between the sensor and the host. If someone manages to gain physical access to a PC that is to be hacked, they can install a tiny device that intercepts the data that its fingerprint sensor sends to the host, and then transfer that data via Bluetooth to another device that belongs to the perpetrator. This essentially allows an attacker to acquire a direct fingerprint scan of the victim. There is an obvious problem with this kind of man-in-the-middle attack. First, the offender must gain physical access to their victim’s PC, which is not easy, but possible if a group of people is involved, or someone just has appropriate skills. Second, the offender must know exactly what kind of sensor is used and what kind of intercepting device to install (with SPI or USB interface). In the worst-case scenario, this means that they need to have physical access to their victim’s PC two times. In their demo, specialists from Synaptics used a cheap tool installed into a PC and and copied fingerprint images that were used to gain access to various devices afterwards. There are multiple laptops on the market that use SPI-based sensors intended for mobile phones and do not support encryption, according to Synaptics. Such sensors are a bit cheaper, but since the SPI bus is intended for short distances and thus has trace length restrictions, PC makers use a microcontroller that converts SPI to USB. And while everything may be encrypted from USB and onwards, the SPI part of the connection is unprotected and thus is vulnerable. Meanwhile, such man-in-the-middle attack can be prevented by using sensors that rely on the USB bus and support TLS 1.2/AES-256 encrypted connection to the host. Obviously, SPI sensors used in smartphones and tablets can still be vulnerable, but intercepting tools cannot easily be installed into the former (due to dimensions), whereas the latter will have to use USB-based sensors in a bid to become more secure. The host system itself. Fingerprint authentication solutions on the PC perform fingerprint matching differently. Most belong to the match-on-host (MoH) category, and perform matching during a process that runs on the host system. The key advantage of MoH solutions is their flexibility: different readers, controllers, software, and even special ICs that match fingerprint readers to templates can be used. The obvious peculiarity of MoH is usage of multiple connections. Moreover, when the CPU (or a special matching IC) processes fingerprints and calculates the master code, it deals with an actual fingerprint image (or its abstract). Therefore, if a sniffer software is installed (by infecting a PC with a virus, for example), the perpetrator can gain both the fingerprint and the master code. The latter may be used to access a particular PC and the former can be used to access all other fingerprint-secured devices belonging to that victim. The takeaway here is plain and simple: in a bid to be completely secure, MoH fingerprint solutions need to be end-to-end encrypted using an AES-256 (or similar) key that cannot be decrypted. There are also fingerprint authentication solutions that use the Match-in-Sensor (MiS) architecture, which performs all the necessary operations within the sensor IC. An MiS IC contains a microprocessor, storage, and cryptographic capabilities, and consequently physically isolates matching from the host OS. The MiS sends an identification result that is encrypted and signed using a sensor-specific key. What is quite scary in this scenario is that once the fingerprint images are intercepted (it does not matter where they were grabbed: on the host system while they were processed or while they were transferred using an unprotected SPI or USB connection), perpetrators can perform the so-called replay attacks and gain access to the compromised PC even without touching it by simply “inserting” stolen data using the device that was used to steal them. The Solutions Being one of the world’s largest suppliers of fingerprint solutions, Synaptics has a number of ways to prevent the aforementioned kinds of attacks. The key point that the company is trying to make is the fact that one technology is not enough if someone wants a truly secure laptop – fingerprint authentication systems need to be hardened agained multiple types of attacks. First off, many of Synaptics’ modern SentryPoint fingerprint sensors support the company’s PurePrint anti-spoofing tech, which ensures that the sensor is dealing with a real finger and not a fake. Interestingly, PurePrint is not a hardware component, so Synaptics can make it better over time by updating the SentryPoint drivers. For example, the PurePrint was recently enabled on add-on USB fingerprint accessories from PQI and Kensington using Microsoft’s Windows Update. Second, currently shipping fingerprint solutions from Synaptics support hardware-based SecureLink encryption technology that uses TLS 1.2/AES-256 keys and thus cannot be hacked in real-time. One of the issues is that some PC makers have limitations that prevent them from using line encryption, so, not all Synaptics-based fingerprint authentication solutions are actually encrypted. Therefore, make sure you know how your fingerprint technology works before buying a new laptop if you carry sensitive data. Next up is Synaptics Quantum Matcher technology, which performs fingerprint matching in secure environments backed by Intel’s SGX or Microsoft’s Windows 10 VBS. Since the latest notebooks are based on Intel’s Kaby Lake CPUs, chances are high that their firmware has SGX enabled. Quantum Matcher is also a component of Synaptics’ driver, so it can be updated over time if the company finds it necessary. The most secured option that Synaptics has to offer now is the company’s Match-in-Sensor fingerprint hardware. Since it is a sealed solution, it doesn't always provide enough freedom for notebook designers, which is why it's not used everywhere despite the fact that Synaptics first introduced MiS almost two years ago. At present, the company is working on its second-generation MiS that promises to improve security even further. In any case, MiS provides the ultimate level of security within Synaptics' product portfolio, and when combined with other SentryPoint components (e.g., PurePrint) it is designed to allow for virtually unbreakable laptops. Some Thoughts The usage of biometric security will only get more popular as the cost of sensors further drops in price, and because factors like fingerprints or retina images are extremely convenient to use for authentication. You can't forget your fingerprint, and you can't misplace your iris. Meanwhile, hacking tools and other attack methods will get more sophisticated going forward, so companies like Synaptics will have to make their technologies more advanced. It is hard to imagine biometrics being anything other than a continual arms race, in that respect. The big concern in the present is that the manufacturers of PCs, smartphones, and tablets do not consistently advertise what kind of fingerprint authentication solutions they use, and consequently you never know what exactly you are buying and how secure it is. If you are using a corporate PC acquired by your company’s IT department, you can assume that the fingerprint authentication is sound (i.e., it has encrypted connection and supports anti-spoofing capabilities). But if you are getting your own laptop along with a phone and tablet, you can barely be sure what’s inside unless you read a product review that touched upon fingerprint hardware. In the end, in addition to sophisticated fingerprint hardware, manufacturers of PCs need to change their attitude and communicate their security mechanisms to their customers. Then again, too many disclosures make computers more vulnerable to targeted attacks, which is part of the reason why Synaptics does not reveal the list of notebooks that do or do not use its end-to-end encrypted MoH or MiS solutions. Source: Synaptics Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 12 Comments View All Comments ats - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link Or how about we realize that biometrics are a horrible security mechanism. This supposed PurePrint will likely be hacked in days if not hours. As long as you can lift a print (which isn't hard with a known target), you can bypass pretty much anyway to detect for liveness. Retinas have the same issues. Biometrics are really no more secure than your name, and unlike your name, they can't be easily changed. Security requires secrets, biometrics simply aren't secret. Reply GTRagnarok - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link Don't you have to balance security and usability? I don't want to type a long random character password every time I unlock my phone. Reply BrokenCrayons - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link The problem is that despite being easier to use, biometrics-based authentication uses a set of unchanging parameters so the weaknesses are pretty obvious. A password can be periodically changed and different systems can use different passwords. If you use a biometric mechanism across a host of electronics and computer devices, you're effectively picking the same UID and password for authentication across the board and you've selected one that can't ever be changed if its compromised. Biometrics are therefore inherently weak as a standalone security method. Using biometrics in conjunction with some other means in a multi-factor system is far more secure, but there's a loss of ease in doing so and you're still foolishly handing off biometric data to devices and systems from which it can be stolen. Reply wumpus - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link Depends how they use this (and I have every confidence nearly all products will have the security of the IoT). The big advantage is that this blocks most "bad maid" attacks. Traditionally, access to the hardware is equal to access of the system, but it now takes a bit more than handing a USB key to a person with physical access. I'm curious to how they made the laptop fingerprintproof. If you find one of these on the subway, can you lift a print from it (or nearby goods) and make it work? That seems one of the few real advantages for such a thing (although possibly second to leaving the thing in a hotel room, here it will shine). I'm guessing they won't let anyone near one of these with fingerprint dust during an expo/dog-and-pony show. Biometrics is largely a joke, but can shore up some critical holes. And passwords have failed almost as badly, but somehow we still haven't found anything better. And I do think that making it somewhat difficult to pwn a machine you have physical access to is an advantage. Consider the security vs. the attack spectrum. An attacker that can spoof an eyeball isn't one you can stop once he has physical access. These really only prevent "bad maid" and "lost laptop" cases, but these are really hard to secure. Don't worry so much about secret/non-secret. Reply npz - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link Yeah, in fact biometrics are the worst security mechanism for the _individual_ and the best for any controlling organization or state. Reply DanNeely - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link "For an obvious reason we do not publish images of the devices installed, brands, models and other information of this sort." Wasn't the brand of the compromised hardware given in the twitter feed a few days ago? Reply Ian Cutress - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link Synaptics won't post a list themselves. We're free to call out devices we've tested. Both my Mate 9 and Matebook X were compromised easily, both using Goodix sensors. I made a quick to-camera video about the demo they did later in the day when we had it: https://twitter.com/IanCutress/status/869956007878... Reply James5mith - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link Downside to the new sentrypoint FPR's is no fingerprint reader support in Linux. My Dell XPS 15 remains relatively weak-password secured when in linux simply because the fingerprint reader is dead weight in that OS. Reply drajitshnew - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link A lot of clevo laptops have a fingerprint sensor integrated into the touchpad. However, clevo has removed detailed specifications about all its systems from its website--apparently they don't want to deal with customers directly. Perhaps, you could ascertain and tell us in a news piece. Reply Gich - Friday, June 09, 2017 - link Biometrics are flawed. I can change a password, but I can't change my fingerprints once "stole"... which is not so hard to get. Reply 1 2 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News AKiTiO Displays Thunderbolt 3 to 10GBase-T Adapter DRAM and Motherboard Makers Demonstrate Quad-Channel DDR4-4000+ Operation Seasonic Demos PRIME Fanless Titanium: 600 W, 12-Year Warranty, 80Plus Titanium Synaptics Discusses Fingerprint Security and the Need For End-to-End Encryption AMD Releases Radeon Software ReLive Crimson Edition 17.6.1: Improved Performance in Dirt 4 & Prey Cooler Master Shows Concept Coolers: Closed-Loop Heat Pipe and Flying Saucer Nixeus NX-EDG 27 27-inch Gaming Monitor: 1440p, 30-144Hz FreeSync Enermax Launches MaxTytan: 80 Plus Titanium, Up to 1250 W, Integrated Power Meter ASRock Demos X399 ‘ThreadRipper’ Motherboards: M.2, U.2, 10 GbE, & More Apple Refreshes iPad Pro Lineup: A10X Fusion SoC for 10.5-inch, 12.9-inch Models ASUS Unveils Three Strix Gaming Monitors: FreeSync & High Refresh Rates The HTC U11 Giveaway: Win a Launch-Day Smartphone TWEETS IanCutress: @cryengine1007 @SenJohnMcCain So I'm not allowed an opinion? I thought it was the left being ridiculed for restricting free speech... IanCutress: RT @CANDPatent: @IanCutress @SenJohnMcCain I think he's conflating the investigation into HRC private server use as SoS and the Russian hac… IanCutress: @CANDPatent @SenJohnMcCain I'm assuming he's doing it on purpose to save face? It's an easy thing to understand IanCutress: Is @SenJohnMcCain being dense on purpose? Does he not understand what two different investigations are? You can conclude one w/o the other IanCutress: Hey @CNN, the live app uses flash? really? RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte The UI was definitely doing 120Hz scrolling at times. 60Hz isn't un-smooth by any means, but 120Hz looks even better RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte To further elaborate, it does when the performance is there and you're not running framerate-locked conte… https://t.co/yNUBvsXpx4 RyanSmithAT: @MukiEX57 I honestly haven't heard anything, but that doesn't mean they're not out there RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte Apple PMs have been good. When they don't know something they tend to tell us, rather than presume/guess. It's nice RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte And this is why Tim Cook said dithering and not a native 10-bit panel in his keynote address ganeshts: A great update to PCMark from @Futuremark ; A few more tweaks could make it even more attractive! cc @mccallry https://t.co/lLqqNkkMxI ganeshts: @fivemack @BrettHowse @majornelson Also, cases where OS used to work on data can be same 'node' as file server (for… https://t.co/QcBy4I5RbV ganeshts: @fivemack @BrettHowse @majornelson Today's NAS CPUs are an overkill for simple file serving. Better to put those CP… https://t.co/LZzhoex4pA ganeshts: Is anyone contemplating a 7700K build going to use anything other than an SSD as a boot drive? https://t.co/cioSjAs6Y7 ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson QNAP has some unique well-developed features such as Virtualization Station (QEMU, made easy to use) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? We’ve updated our terms. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login Home News E3 2017 E3 press conferences: who what where when why whom By Alice O'Connor on June 8th, 2017 at 8:30 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit E3, the event “as close as this industry gets to Eurovision“, officially begins on Tuesday. Thousands of developers, members of the press, and gawkers will descend upon Los Angeles for the four-day trade show, full of demos, presentations, and questions like “How many guns does this have?” E3 unofficially begins before then, mind, with publishers and platform holders livestreaming presentations from Saturday. Most of the announcements come from these and, as Graham said, they are pretty Eurovision. What to watch and when? Here’s our roundup of E3 livestreams. Electronic Arts Saturday, June 10 12pm Pacific / 3pm Eastern / 8pm UK time / 9pm CEST Watch on Twitch Expect to see Battlefield 1’s In the Name of the Tsar DLC, Star Wars Battlefront II, Need for Speed: Payback, FIFA 18 (did you know Ronaldo’s in it?), and possibly the mysterious Star Wars game being made by Dead Space devs Visceral. Also Madden and all that and whatever. Microsoft Sunday, June 11 2pm Pacific / 5pm Eastern / 10pm UK time / 11pm CEST Watch on Twitch, YouTube, Facebook, and Microsoft’s own Mixer doodad (the rebranded Beam) Blah blah Xbox Project Scorpio blah blah console VR. All Microsoft’s Xbox One games these days seem to also be Windows 10 games so there should be plenty for us. I’d expect to hear about Forzas, Halos, and hopefully Crackdown. It’d seem a good time to announce a release date for pirate ’em up Sea of Thieves too. Bethesda Sunday, June 11 9pm Pacific / midnight Eastern / 5am Monday UK time / 6am Monday CEST Watch on Twitch and YouTube I’m hoping for an hour-long video of B.J. Blazkowicz’s sad eyes blinking and averting their gaze. Devolver Digital Sunday, June 11 10pm Pacific / 1 am Monday Eastern / 6am Monday UK time / 7am Monday CEST Watch on Twitch’s Twitch as part of their First Ever Second Pre Pre Show Devolver Digital swear blind they won’t reveal any new games but they will have Grasshopper Manufacture’s Suda51. That seems a fair trade. PC Gaming Show Monday, June 12 10am Pacific / 1pm Eastern / 6pm UK time / 6pm CEST Watch on Twitch, Mixer, and Facebook The folks at cheery RPS fanzine PC Gamer are hosting their PC Gaming Show this year. We already know something XCOM 2-y will be announced. Intel, Nexon, Bohemia Interactive, Xbox, Tripwire, and Cygames are official partners so I assume they’ll show stuff, but personally I’m hoping the rest of the 17 hours will be people showing off weird mods. Ubisoft Monday, June 12 1pm Pacific / 4pm Eastern / 9pm UK time / 10pm CEST Watch on Twitch and YouTube Ubi’s known games include Far Cry 5, The Crew 2, and South Park, and oh god will they please announce Assassin’s Creed: Origins already this is exhausting. Sony Monday, June 12 5pm Pacific / 8pm Eastern / 1am Tuesday UK time / 2am Tuesday CEST Watch on Twitch and Sony’s own doodad Given that most games are multiplatform these days, Sony will surely show off plenty of third-party games that are also coming to PC. Microsoft and Sony do scrap over publishers to drop hot scloosies in their shows. Nintendo Tuesday, June 13 9am Pacific / noon Eastern / 5pm UK time / 6pm CEST Watch on Twitch and YouTube No, none of Nintendo’s games will come to PC. So? Nintendo’s streams are always full of wonderful things that lift the spirits. I’m always exhausted by this point of E3 (when technically it hasn’t even started) and find this a delight. I haven’t even owned a Nintendo system since the DSi. That’s the bigguns! Obviously a million sites will have their own streaming odds and ends with developers all over. If you’re very lucky, you’ll be able to tune into a livestream of me barely awake at 5am watching streams and talking to the bottle I’ve sworn off. So, gang, what are your bets on this year’s overused buzzwords? ‘Visceral’ is always a safe bet and our Adam thinks ‘authentic’ will do well this year. Oh, and a hot tip: given how many people will be throwing around business terms next week as if they’re Gordon flipping Gekko, you might want to use this Chrome extension which replaces the term ‘IP’ with ‘immense penis’. I’ll settle for pelting pennies at the foreheads of anyone talking about ‘IPs’, ‘titles’, and ‘winning E3’. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 11 Comments 08/06/2017 at 20:39 DevolverDigital says: No new game reveals, just general jackassery. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 21:01 UncleLou says: Eitr and Ruiner release dates, pretty please. The latter is still coming in 2016 according to the website. I checked and all. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 20:51 Kingseeker Camargo says: It’s been a pretty good year so far game release-wise, and I’m pretty sure there’s still a few promising ones just about to drop; so why do all those lineups read so fucking dry? Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 21:20 Nokturnal says: Was just asking that myself. I suspect it’s because this is just the livestreams being listed and, let’s be honest, the big companies just spit out the same shit every year anyway so this lineup was bound to be dry as ever. I’ll just check up on it post-E3 to see the good stuff. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 21:40 KenTWOu says: I really hope this time Ubisoft will finally show us Clint Hocking’s next game as a surprise end of conference new IP announcement. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 21:53 Seyda Neen says: *crosses fingers for Starfield announcement from Bethesda* Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 22:47 kud13 says: As always, I’m hoping (most likely in vain) for the announcement of the next Legacy of Kain game. Beyond that, I’m pleased that about half the conferences are on the weekend, so I might be able to watch some stuff live, instead of having to re-watch them at home after work. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 04:47 Kaeoschassis says: Good lord man, don’t say that. As Kain himself once said “sometimes, you get what you wish for”. And look what happened last time. On the other hand, I ADORED the uncharted series, it’s very obvious Hennig hasn’t lost her touch, so if they ever COULD get her back to do another proper LoK game I would probably combust from excitement… Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 03:17 Ejia says: While I’d love the next Elder Scrolls game to be in fantasy catpeople Ancient Egypt, it will probably be set in Hammerfell, with pirates and such. Maybe Killer7 will pop up on PC – although since both the GameCube and PS2 are emulated technically you can play it on one. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 13:09 Turkey says: Looking forward to the Ubisoft presentation the most, but not because of the games. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 15:33 Drib says: I’m waiting to see which IP’s new title wins E3 this year. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags E3, E3 2017. Search for clues News and things Dauntless offers new footage, new monster deets! Monster Hunter-esque Play The Division, Steep and Trials Fusion for free this weekend Three for free Jalopy’s Turkey update adds backstory via licence plates! Gobble gobble! Dota 2’s first co-op campaign arrives in Siltbreaker Act 1 Breaking the law (well, the silt) And much more… The Top Best Bestest Games Of 2017 So Far 43 absolute gems Football Manager 2017 pass-and-save diary, part one: A game of four halves Four players, one manager Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber basilisk : “I wouldn't say that. It really is a replacement.” on Best PC gaming deals of the week elevown : “You are forgetting his initial criteria. 'We only have time to rescue one game from ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 robby5566 : “Oof I dunno about this one man. We're talking about the year of FFVII, Dungeon ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 Slazia : “Maybe get Assetto Corsa instead if you haven't already.” on Project Cars 2 racing out on September 22 elevown : “I really remember this game as being fantastic though It's been so long I forgot ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time On Prey's Ending Deceitful yet meaninful The Flare Path: Row Boats Meet Mare Nostrum Best PC Gaming Deals Of The Week Find yourself a bargain Intel’s 18-core CPU and, er, other exciting stuff Stop that, it’s silly Unknown Pleasures: 10 of the best new Steam games More diamonds in the rough Can Videogames Teach You Programming? And which games might do it... Have You Played... Middle-Earth: Shadow Of Mordor? Where's my nemesis?! My first (and only) kill in PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Beach house The Bestest Best Games Of 2016 So Far A bonus bestest best! E3 is as close as this industry gets to Eurovision I'm really looking forward to it Have You Played... Batman: Arkham Knight? Deploy BatFranchise The 15 Best Space Games Be pilots, pirates and space truckers. Premature Evaluation: Production Line You can have any genre as long as its Sim Police Stories has a free alpha and a lot of potential Questions later Pip And Alice's Sims 4 House (Alice Is A Jerk) Living next door to Alice Have You Played... Dead Space? Isaac Yankem The Pipwick Papers Politics, pop music and and paired fonts All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 6367 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 0.791% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC | Survey Monkey Small Business Survey Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide The iPhone 8 may be outdated before it even launches The iPhone 8 won't support faster Gigabit LTE networks, according to Bloomberg. New phones such as the Galaxy S8 already do. It boils down to Apple's decisions to buy modems from Intel and Qualcomm. Intel's modems don't yet support Gigabit LTE. Todd Haselton | @robotodd 16 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters The iPhone 8 may be outdated before it even launches    14 Hours Ago | 00:48 The Apple iPhone 8 may already lag behind Android rivals when it launches later this year. A new report from Bloomberg says Apple isn't currently planning to support next-generation Gigabit LTE networks. That's a big deal, since U.S. wireless carriers are beginning to roll out the much faster networks around the U.S. this year. Just how fast is Gigabit LTE? Today, you might find 4G LTE download speeds ranging from 5 Mbps to 100 Mbps, depending on the network, your phone and your location. With Gigabit LTE, users should expect theoretical speeds up to 1 Gbps (1000 Mbps), but more likely at least more than 500 Mbps. It's fast — imagine downloading entire movies in just seconds instead of minutes. Bloomberg echoed a report from CNET earlier this spring which explains that Apple typically sources its chips from Intel and Qualcomm. While Qualcomm already offers Gigabit LTE support in its newest modems, Intel won't roll out support until next year. Apple also may not give all of its business to Qualcomm, given the two are currently embroiled in a legal battle. This is a big deal for consumers who buy the new iPhone 8 and realize it's outdated and running on slower networks than other phones that support Gigabit LTE, like the Galaxy S8. It might not matter much in 2017 as carriers are still working to activate next-generation networks, but it'll matter over the lifetime of the phone for folks who keep their iPhone for two years or more. Apple did not immediately respond to request for comment. Qualcomm denied comment. Read the full report from Bloomberg. WATCH: Apple's Siri vs. Google Assistant: We picked a clear winner show chapters Apple's Siri vs. Google Assistant: We picked a clear winner    Friday, 19 May 2017 | 3:00 PM ET | 02:08 Todd HaseltonTechnology Product Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change INTC --- QCOM --- AAPL --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Saturday, June 10, 2017 15:05 (GMT+8) Taipei 34°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: Quanta Pegatron 2016 HP PC, CE Portable ICT manufacturing IT components, peripherals Server, IPC, cloud computing Software Article Comments (0) Related content Print Email ASMedia Technology expects 1H17 revenues to hike 80% on year Monica Chen, Taipei; Joseph Tsai, DIGITIMES [Friday 9 June 2017] IC design house ASMedia Technology, mainly because of shipments of Ryzen chipsets beginning in the first quarter of 2017, and booming shipments of USB 3.1 Gen2 hub controller ICs, expects consolidated revenues for the first half of 2017 to hike about 80% on year, according to the company. Shareholders have approved the proposed distribution of a dividend of NT$5.02 (US$0.17), NT$4.50 in cash and NT$0.52 in stock, for 2016. For the second half, ASMedia's revenues are expected to grow even higher thanks to new platforms released by AMD and Intel, according to company president Lin Che-wei, adding that the company will enjoy a second wave of growth in 2018, Since Intel's Z370 chipsets, which will be paired with the CPU giant's next-generation Coffee Lake processors, will not natively support USB 3.1, Lin expects demand for its USB 3.1 chips from motherboard players to rise. In addition to SATA-, PCIe- and USB 3.1-related product lines, ASMedia has also been promoting its RAID and PCIe bridge chip products in the industrial PC (IPC) and network storage markets. In anticipation of Intel's next-generation 300-series chipsets which are expected to natively support USB 3.1 and are scheduled to be released in 2018, ASMedia has already begun developing USB 3.2-related products to maintain its revenue growth, related solutions should be ready for launch in 2018. Tweet Categories: Bits + chips IC design, distribution IT + CE IT components, peripherals Tags: ASMedia revenues Related stories ASMedia expects sales to rally by 80% on year in 2H17 (Jun 5) ASMedia reports strong earnings for 1Q17 (May 4) Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business  • Markets •  Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Markets > Trump Slams "Liar, Leaker" Comey, Claims "Total And Complete Vindication" Trump Slams "Liar, Leaker" Comey, Claims "Total And Complete Vindication" Donald Trump Friday, 9 June 2017 (20 hours ago) After an uncharacteristic two-day social media silence, in which some wondered if White House lawyers had finally taken control of Trump's iPhone, President Trump broke a nearly two-day silence on Twitter Friday morning to slam James Comey as a "liar" and a “leaker” the day after the fired FBI director’s testimony before Congress. In the tweet, which may be the first of many, Trump claimed "total and complete vindication" from the Senate Intel Committee hearing, in which Comey likewise accused him of “lies” and requesting the FBI end a criminal investigation. Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 9, 2017 Despite a brief statement by his private lawyer following Comey's three hour testimony, Trump had remained silent on Twitter throughout Thursday surprising many, when much of the U.S. was glued to the TV screen, following every word in Comey's first public comments since the president fired him early last month. Comey said he believed Trump terminated him over the FBI's investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election, he also revealed that he had authorized a close friend to leak a memo to the NYT. "I didn't do it myself for a variety of reasons, but I asked him to because I thought that might prompt the appointment of a special counsel," Comey said. Comey also disclosed that Loretta Lynch had exerted pressure on him during the Hillary Clinton probe. During the highly charged hearing with the Senate Intelligence Committee, a blunt-talking Comey said that he was "confused" and "concerned" when Trump said in May that he was firing him for undermining the morale of the agency he had led since 2013. "The administration then chose to defame me, and more importantly, the FBI by saying the organization was in disarray, that it was poorly led, that the workforce had lost confidence in its leader," Comey said. We now look forward to Comey's response, as Trump appears unwilling to let it go. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Geo Beats - 19 hours ago< > Embed Trump Finally Tweets About Testimony: 'Lies, Total And Complete Vindication...And WOW, Comey Is A Leaker!' 01:19 Friday morning, President Trump finally tweeted about James Comey's testimony. To the surprise of many, President Trump didn't post a single tweet during former FBI Director James Comey's testimony on Thursday. However, Trump broke his Twitter silence on Friday, tweeting, "Despite so many false... Recent related news President Trump calls Comey a "leaker"President Trump broke his silence on Twitter regarding Comey's testimony, calling him a "leaker." Comey testified that after each one of his meeting with Mr.... CBS News 3 hours ago - PoliticsAlso reported by •MailOnline •Independent •TMZ.com •Seattle Times Total and complete vindication, Comey is a leaker: Trump celebrates on Twtiter after testimonyTrump on Friday fired off an early morning tweet in which he said he had been "vindicated" by the Comey hearing, adding that the former FBI director was a... DNA 20 hours ago - WorldAlso reported by •Wall Street Journal •CTV News Trump breaks his Twitter silence on Comey: ‘False statements and lies, total and complete vindication’President Donald Trump broke his silence on James Comey’s testimony by claiming “total and complete vindication.” The president had been expected to tweet... Raw Story 21 hours ago - US You Might Like Other recent news in Markets House Intel Committee Tells Trump To Hand Over COMEY TAPES "If They Exist" TILLERSON Tells Arab States To Lift Qatar Blockade: "It's Hindering The Campaing Against ISIS" Pelosi Has Some Advice For DONALD TRUMP DAILY BRIEFING: Dixons Carphone venture with SPRINT to end 'This is a serious moment for THE UK economy': Business reacts to shock general election result Trump Meets Romanian President KLAUS IOHANNIS: A Preview Saudi Soccer Team Refuse To Observe Minute's Silence For LONDON TERROR Attack Victims Why Apple, Rite Aid, and NVIDIA Slumped Today Stocks Remain Mostly Positive In Mid-Day TRADING - U.S. Commentary Here's Why Shares of DUPONT FABROS TECHNOLOGY Are Soaring Today Twitter Infinite Unknown #Trump Slams “Liar, Leaker” #Comey, Claims “Total And Complete Vindication”: https://t.co/ScOkuwi7LJ 2 hours ago James Connor Trump Slams "Liar, Leaker" Comey, Claims "Total And Complete Vindication" https://t.co/X7pfnlnO3r 3 hours ago John RT @Italians4Trump: Trump Slams "Liar, Leaker" Comey, Claims "Total And Complete Vindication" https://t.co/2yQlv3gtzb 5 hours ago Boosbazaar .Com Trump Slams "Liar, Leaker" Comey, Claims "Total And Complete Vindication" | Zero Hedge https://t.co/XRYriltUF5 6 hours ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump LeBron James Naomi Campbell Angela Merkel Cristiano Ronaldo Current Topics London Bridge NBA Finals Bill Maher Mariners Bill Cosby Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Can You Be Convicted For 'Liking' A Facebook Post? According To Swiss Law - Yes Uber Under Fire: Executive Sacked For Breaching Victim's Privacy? iOS 11 Is Coming - Will Your Device Become Obsolete? A Thought From One News Page On The UK Election London Mayor: CANCEL Trump's State Visit MOVIE REVIEW: Wonder Woman Could THIS Be The Animated Revival To End Them All? Huge 90s Show Reboot In The Works Trump Offers Condolences For London Attack - After Recommending A Travel Ban Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Resources Events Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Search Search Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Name Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest 6.9.17: Your morning briefing 6.8.17: Your morning briefing 6.7.17: Your morning briefing 6.6.17: Your morning briefing 6.5.17: Your morning briefing search goes here 6.9.17: Your morning briefing By Daniel Wolfe Published June 09 2017, 7:52am EDT More in Briefing Print Email Reprints Share Share on Welcome to the PaymentsSource Morning Briefing, delivered daily. The information you need to start your day, including top headlines from PaymentsSource and around the Web: Out-of-the box thinking: Packagd, a company operated by a team incubated with the venture firm Kleiner Perkins, has launched a mobile commerce app that builds on the unboxing trend. The app, called Unboxed, shows videos of product unboxings with links to buy the products, TechCrunch reports. The company works with Best Buy and takes payments through Apple Pay, the article states; the company's backers compare its appeal to QVC or the Home Shopping Network. Unboxing videos are already popular on YouTube, though video makers on YouTube typically get revenue from advertising and sponsorships rather than direct product sales. Timmy, a SoftBank Group Corp.'s Pepper humanoid robot, stands inside the arrival hall at Hong Kong International Airport in Hong Kong, China, on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017. Bloomberg News Rise of the machines: Perhaps we should all get used to seeing robot waiters taking payments, like SoftBank's Pepper does at Pizza Hut using Masterpass in Asia. SoftBank is buying the robotics company Boston Dynamics, a unit of Google/Alphabet, and Japanese bipedal robotics company Schaft, Bloomberg reports. The original Pepper robot stemmed from SoftBank's 2012 purchase of French robotics company Aldebaran Robotics SA, but adoption was limited, the article notes; the purchase of the widely revered Boston Dynamics could create a better robot for SoftBank and its clients. Bad Apple: Apple has had a spotty reputation with data security — its iCloud service was implicated in the 2014 release of personal photos by Jennifer Lawrence, Kate Upton and other celebrities — but this time Apple's problem comes from within its own operations. Chinese authorities have detained 22 people, of which 20 worked in direct marketing and outsourcing for Apple in China, accusing them of using Apple's internal database to access and sell customers' personal information, the AFP reports. The exposed information includes names, phone numbers and Apple IDs. The not-so-great firewall: Microsoft has discovered a group is able to compromise Windows machines by using an Intel management tool that bypasses the Windows firewall, Ars Technica reports. The tool, called Intel Active Management (AMT), is given deep access to machines to allow administrators to perform tasks such as installing operating systems remotely. The same deep, remote access can be exploited by hackers who want to take over a machine and update their malware without alerting the operating system. The article notes that this method does not exploit a flaw in AMT, but rather uses AMT's standard features for malicious purposes; the attack won't work if AMT is not activated. From the Web Ant Financial extends online credit service to retailers China Daily | Fri Jun 9, 2017 - Ant Financial Services Group, the online finance firm backed by billionaire Jack Ma, will extend its online consumer credit service to four million retail businesses across the country to boost sales and encourage spending－as China's consumers increasingly feel more comfortable shopping with borrowing money. U.S. business schools embrace 'fintech' as students clamor for courses Reuters | Thu Jun 8, 2017 - Leading U.S. business schools are trying to teach students how to become masters of financial technology, a subsector of Wall Street that has grown in size and prominence, but because the area is still ill-defined and relatively new it is hard to develop courses. Wells Fargo Employee Arrested On Charges Of Fraud, Identity Theft CBS | Thu Jun 8, 2017 - Police arrested a Wells Fargo employee accused of bank fraud and identity theft. Hassante Denise East, a customer representative for Wells Fargo located at 700 Adams Ave., allegedly engaged in a scheme with others depositing fraudulent checks and withdrawing money, according to Pennsylvania Attorney General’s Office. More from PaymentsSource Facebook's dynamic ads blend the social network with e-commerce sites Hoping to convince e-commerce merchants to let Facebook target offers to customers, the social media giant is placing a strong emphasis on “dynamic ads” that include payment buttons. Under the hood of ExxonMobil's Speedpass expansion ExxonMobil's contactless and mobile payment system, Speedpass, is well known as a way to help drivers accelerate the payment process after they fill up on gas. The system's latest updates focus less on the payment process and more on flexibility and rewards. Protecting the point of sale means improved third party vetting Given the breach epidemic, it's time for retailers to consider the security of the vendors that sell point of sale systems, according to RiskVision CEO Joe Fantuzzi. Mastercard's stake in AvidXchange gives it fresh ammo in the growing B-to-B war Many companies in the payments industry see B-to-B transactions as ripe for modernization, and Mastercard is no exception. Its recent participation in a $300 million funding round in AvidXchange enables a new approach to this market. Walmart adds immediate credit access to Walmart Pay Credit card usage began expanding with the economy, and Walmart wants to ride that wave with several enhancements to its own credit cards, including near-instant access to newly issued credit accounts within its mobile payments app. Daniel Wolfe Daniel Wolfe is editor in chief at PaymentsSource and a contributing editor at American Banker. More from this Author 6.8.17: Your morning briefing SinglePoint, First Bitcoin to support bitcoin cannabis payments 6.7.17: Your morning briefing Comments Login or Subscribe Get us in your inbox Sign up for Payments Update CardLine Compliance Investment Merchant Technology Wallet Morning Briefing PayThink ISO & Agent Weekly Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Subscribe PaymentsSource About Us Contact Us Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Subscription Agreement Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Trump hearings launch Kamala Harris Comey’s devastating indictment of President Donald Trump Five takeaways from Comey’s dramatic testimony U.K. election ends in hung parliament Comey handed Mueller a fat case file on Trump Chad Griffin to Ivanka: Tweets aren't enough Politico Huddle A play-by-play preview of the day's congressional news Get the Huddle Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print POST-COMEY, WHAT'S NEXT ON THE HILL – GOP’s Obamacare problems mount – HOUSE PASSES DODD-FRANK REPEAL – Ossoff’s money machine 06/09/2017 08:02 AM EDT By Heather Caygle (hcaygle@politico.com or @heatherscope) SO, WHAT’S NEXT? The Capitol Hill hive is taking a collective breather today after former FBI Director James Comey’s damning testimony against President Donald Trump Thursday. The former FBI chief accused the president of directing him to end the investigation into Michael Flynn, firing him to change the course of the Russia probe and then said the White House lied "plain and simple" about why he was dismissed. “I was honestly concerned that he might lie,” Comey said when asked why he carefully documented his interactions with Trump, a practice he didn’t do when working under Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush. Story Continued Below The reality is the dynamic of the Russia probe on Capitol Hill isn’t likely to change publicly, at least anytime soon. Senate Intel members on both sides of the aisle said Comey’s testimony is just one piece of a much larger puzzle they’re still working to put together. And there’s no telling when the investigation being led by special counsel Robert Mueller will wrap up or release its conclusions. Republicans are trying to publicly downplay the impact of Comey's testimony and keep the focus on the legislative agenda, even if many are privately alarmed by what he said during the hearing. Exhibit A: Republicans let out a collective yawn after the hearing, with GOP members saying the real focus should be on repealing Obamacare and tax reform. House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) defended Trump, saying his behavior is excusable because he’s “new” to politics. Other Republicans said there was no smoking gun during the Comey hearing, like some observers had hoped. “They were expecting a bombshell, what they got was a confirmation of what we knew already. There was very little new information,” said Sen. Thom Tillis (R-N.C.). Burgess and Seung Min with the details: http://politi.co/2rIbnSf Most Democrats, meanwhile, were still dodging any talk of impeachment after the hearing. But some lawmakers were clearly more comfortable talking up the possibility of an obstruction of justice case against the president down the road. “No one here is planning for impeachment,” said Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.). “But we theoretically don’t need to wait for a Mueller product in order to have that conversation — if more evidence like that which was presented today continues to mount.” Much more from Elana and your Huddle host: http://politi.co/2rIifPG President Trump chimed in this morning, after more than a 24-hour silence on Twitter: “Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker!” In case you haven’t gotten enough Comey news: Carla Marinucci reports on how this week’s Russia hearings could help bolster freshman Sen. Kamala Harris’ (D-Calif.) 2020 presidential prospects. Read more: http://politi.co/2rIcwtc; Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) apologizes for his bizarre line of questioning during the Comey hearing, blaming it on staying up too late watching baseball the night before: http://politi.co/2rI5KDy; And Josh Gerstein and Kyle Cheney bring you five key takeaways from Comey's testimony: http://politi.co/2rIt4kN. COMING NEXT WEEK — Attorney General Jeff Sessions is scheduled to testify before a Senate Appropriations panel Tuesday on DOJ’s fiscal 2018 budget. Sessions will no doubt face questions about Comey’s testimony and the Russia probe. In a closed-door session after the public hearing, Comey told senators it's possible Sessions could have had a third meeting with the Russian ambassador that he didn’t disclose, CNN reports. More: http://cnn.it/2rI9ftD ** A message from Wine & Spirits Wholesalers of America: Raise a glass to America’s family-owned wine and spirits wholesalers—the key link in the U.S. hospitality industry—delivering the largest variety and selection available anywhere in the world. Serving retailers, representing winemakers and distillers, wholesalers are brand builders and local marketing experts. ** Sometime in June: The Senate Intelligence Committee is expected to meet with Jared Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, on Russia later this month, according to NBC News. GUYS, WE SURVIVED THE WEEK. A round of high fives, y’all. Welcome to Friday, June 9, and thanks for reading POLITICO’s Huddle, the play-by-play guide to all things Capitol Hill. THURSDAY’S MOST READ: Comey’s written testimony, posted by the Senate Intelligence Committee, got the most clicks. WE GOT 99 PROBLEMS — That burst of optimism Senate Republicans had earlier this week about their Obamacare repeal plan is seemingly all but dashed as senators struggle to agree on big outstanding issues like Medicaid, restrictions on abortion-related language and how to pay for the overall bill. “We’ve all got a better idea. But pretty soon, we’re going to have to make a decision on a single bill,” said Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas). Reality check: “Majority Leader Mitch McConnell aimed to finalize a draft of the repeal plan within the next few days. But senators are only starting to grapple with potentially painful tradeoffs that could make or break the GOP’s seven-year promise to repeal Obamacare,” Adam Cancryn, Jen Haberkorn, Burgess and Rachana Pradhan report. More: http://politi.co/2rIijyZ HOUSE PASSES DODD-FRANK REPEAL — “House Republicans on Thursday united to pass a comprehensive bill that would dismantle the landmark banking regulations enacted after the 2008 financial crisis,” Zachary Warmbrodt reports. “The legislation, approved without a single Democratic vote, represents the GOP's opening salvo in the debate over easing the rules on the financial system, a move sparked by the election of President Donald Trump and Republican control of Congress.” More: http://politi.co/2rIqU4z DEM DEMANDS PROBE OVER GOP STOCK TRADING — New York Rep. Louise Slaughter, top Democrat on the House Rules Committee, is calling for a federal investigation into reports that Rep. Chris Collins (R-N.Y.) privately urged fellow Republicans to make a “big profit” by investing in an Australian biotech firm. Collins, already the subject of an Office of Congressional Ethics probe related to his investments in the biotech company, has denied any wrongdoing. The Hill’s Scott Wong with the scoop: http://bit.ly/2rI5Rz2 OSSOFF’S MONEY MACHINE — Jon Ossoff raised $15 million for his House campaign over the last two months, according to the latest report, a jaw-dropping amount that puts total spending in the Georgia race over $40 million, making it the most expensive House race in history. Ossoff has raised nearly $24 million for his campaign so far. The Atlanta Journal-Constitution’s Greg Bluestein with more on the latest numbers: http://bit.ly/2rIej1v New this morning: An AJC poll released today has Ossoff up seven points over Republican Karen Handel, 51-44. More: http://on-ajc.com/2sbaAuq GOWDY TAPPED FOR OVERSIGHT GAVEL — The House GOP Steering Committee picked Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.) to be the next Oversight Committee chairman on Thursday. Gowdy was seen as the clear front-runner for the prominent post and Rachael has been reporting for weeks he was likely the next chairman. Gowdy’s chairmanship won’t be official until ratified by the full Republican Conference but that step is more of a formality than anything else. Rachael with more: http://politi.co/2rI7X22 Bonus points: Fellow GOP Rep. Mark Meadows tweeted congratulations to Gowdy yesterday and even posted a photo calling out the new chairman’s “impeccable fashion sense.” Oh yeah, there’s a bucket hat involved. See it: http://bit.ly/2rI995n OFF MESSAGE PODCAST BONUS EPISODE: On the eve of LGBTQ Pride marches around the country, president of the Human Rights Campaign Chad Griffin and Indecent playwright Paula Vogel join Isaac Dovere for a special bonus episode of Off Message. The two activists share their anxieties about the future of the LGBTQ community under the Trump administration. “Do I feel right now that we’re at a volatile moment? Absolutely," Vogel tells Dovere. "Do I feel we’re going to lose these rights? I think it’s a real possibility." Listen and subscribe: iTunes | Panoply | Stitcher TODAY IN CONGRESS — The House and Senate are both out. But don’t worry guys, they’ll be back next week. AROUND THE HILL — House Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows (R-S.C.), and fellow HFC Reps. Dave Brat (R-Va.), Warren Davidson (R-Ohio), Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) and Mark Sanford (R-S.C.) participate in a conversation on tax reform at the Heritage Foundation starting at 9:30 a.m. THURSDAY’S TRIVIA WINNER — Nick Falvo correctly guessed that Kentucky’s Happy Chandler was the governor who appointed himself to fill a vacancy in the Senate and then went on to win re-election. But as Ziad Ojakli points out, technically Chandler stepped down as governor and the lieutenant governor appointed him to the Senate seat. TODAY’S TRIVIA — Constantino Brumidi’s beautiful Capitol frescoes don’t just feature the Founding Fathers and other people critical to the development of the U.S. Brumidi also often featured plant life and birds in his paintings. Who can tell me how many different avian species are depicted in Brumidi’s designs throughout the Capitol? Send answers my way: hcaygle@politico.com NERDCAST PODCAST: James Comey made his first public appearance as the former director of the FBI Thursday. POLITICO’s Scott Bland, Charlie Mahtesian, Ken Vogel and Eliana Johnson break down what he said and what it means for the Russia investigation. Plus, the latest on New Jersey and Virginia’s gubernatorial races and what they say about the future of the Democratic Party — and what’s new in Georgia’s intense special House election. Listen and subscribe: iTunes | Panoply | Stitcher GET HUDDLE emailed to your phone each morning. ** A message from Wine & Spirits Wholesalers of America: The Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB) is the alcohol industry’s primary regulator: licensing wineries, distilleries and wholesalers, issuing certificates of label approval prior to market entry, and protecting public safety through rigorous sampling. In 2016 TTB processed a historic high 161,000 label applications and more than 14,500 formula applications. TTB is handling hundreds of trade practices and product integrity field investigations, and last year alone the agency collected $457 in tax revenue for every dollar it spent on enforcement. TTB is a model agency and America’s family-owned wine and spirits wholesalers are proud of our decades-long record of successful partnership with our regulator, guaranteeing product integrity and public safety. WSWA encourages Congress to fully fund TTB including dedicated funds for Trade Practice Enforcement to ensure an effective and fully-functioning agency. Click here to watch how wholesalers help a bottle get to you. ** « View Archives This story tagged under: Congress Most Read The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics New poll shows Jon Ossoff with 7-point lead in Georgia race Trump breaks his silence: 'Total and complete vindication' Grassley rips Trump administration for blowing off certain oversight requests House Freedom Caucus ties food stamp, TANF changes to tax reform Boeing decision stokes U.S.-Canada trade tensions Pelosi's advice to Trump for fixing controversies: Get some sleep Comey associate has been in contact with Senate Judiciary about memos Feds fight suit over foreign payments to Trump Fox News to reorganize its website under new editor Huddle - POLITICO Archive Friday, 6/9/17 Thursday, 6/8/17 Wednesday, 6/7/17 Tuesday, 6/6/17 Monday, 6/5/17 View the Full Huddle Archives » Politico Magazine Who’s Afraid of Jeremy Corbyn? By James P. Rubin Will Comey’s Testimony Matter? By POLITICO MAGAZINE The Scandal Hiding In Plain Sight By Michael Grunwald Week 3: The President Raves About the ‘Nut Job’s’ Notes By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 June 2017 by Supriya Bhor Semiconductor and Other Electronic Component Manufacturing Market Size, Application Analysis, Regional Outlook, Competitive Strategies and Forecasts 2017 To 2021 The Semiconductor and Other Electronic Component Manufacturing Market report covers market characteristics, size and growth, segmentation, regional and country breakdowns, competitive landscape, market shares, trends and strategies for this market. It traces the market’s historic and forecast market growth by geography. It places the market within the context of the wider Semiconductor and Other Electronic Component Manufacturing market, and compares it with other sectors. Browse more detail information about Semiconductor and Other Electronic Component Manufacturing at: http://www.absolutereports.com/10796393 The top five competitors in the market made up 34% of the total market share in 2016. Samsung Electronics Co Ltd was the largest competitor, followed by Intel Corporation, Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd., QUALCOMM Incorporated, and Toshiba Corp. The Semiconductor and Other Electronic Component Manufacturing Market Report answers the following questions: Where is the largest and fastest growing market for Semiconductor and Other Electronic Component Manufacturing? How does the market relate to the overall economy, demography and other similar markets? What forces will shape the market going forward? Key Players in Semiconductor and Other Electronic Component Manufacturing Market Analytics Report Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, Intel Corporation, Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd., QUALCOMM Incorporated And more… Get a PDF Sample of Semiconductor and Other Electronic Component Manufacturing Market Research Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10796393 The Semiconductor and Other Electronic Component Manufacturing Market report competitive landscape gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and a description of the leading companies. And its key financial deals which have shaped the market in recent years are identified. Scope of Semiconductor and Other Electronic Component Manufacturing Market Report: Markets Covered: Semiconductor and Related Devices and General Electronic Components Geographic scope: Asia Pacific, North America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, South America, Middle East and Africa. Time series: Five years historic and forecast. Data: Market value in $ billions. Data segmentations: Regional breakdowns, market share of competitors, key sub segments. Sourcing and Referencing: Data and analysis throughout the report is sourced using end notes. Price of Report: $ 1000 (Single User Licence) Purchase a Copy of this Report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10796393 Reasons for Buying Semiconductor and Other Electronic Component Manufacturing Market Get up to date information available on the specialized design services market globally. Identify growth segments and opportunities. Facilitate decision making on the basis of historic and forecast data and understand the drivers and restraints on the market. Develop strategies based on likely future developments. Gain a global perspective on the development of the market. Contact: Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email: sales@absolutereports.com  CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Masterbatch Market Grow at a CAGR of 6.83% During the Forecast Period 2017-2021: Analysis of Key Players, Trends & Challenges Next PostNext Asia-Pacific Motor For Robots Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global SaaS Based HRM Market Trends, Challenges and Growth Drivers Analysis 2022 Universal Grease Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Alginic Acid (CAS 9005-38-3) Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Learn details of the Global PSD2 and Open Banking Market: growth with CAGR in forecast-2022 Global Metal Deactivator Market – Analysis and Trends RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Reviews Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Samsung’s new Notebook 9 Pro with S Pen pre-orders begin June 11, availability from June 26 0 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Jun 9, 2017 at 11:00 GMT20 hours ago Samsung today announced the details about availability and pricing of new Notebook 9 Pro. Samsung Notebook 9 Pro will be available for pre-order starting June 11 at BestBuy.com starting at $1,099 for the 13.3-inch, and $1,299 for the 15-inch. Both models come in Titan Silver and will be available for purchase in stores on June 26. Samsung Notebook 9 Pro is a laptop with a 360-degree hinge, built-in S Pen and fast charging support. Samsung Notebook 9 Pro comes in both 13.3-inch and 15-inch touchscreen display versions. Both the versions will be powered by Intel 7th Generation Core i7 processor, 8GB RAM on the 13-inch model, 16GB RAM on the 15-inch model comes and both featuring 256GB SSD. While the 13-inch model comes with Intel integrated graphics, the 15-inch model comes with AMD Radeon 540 Graphics with 2GB GDDR5 Graphic Memory. It comes with a USB Type-C port which can be used for charging the device and it also supports fast charging. It also comes with IR camera that supports Windows Hello for easy authentication. The main highlight of the device is its built-in S Pen that allows for a great inking experience. With a 0.7mm tip, it can detect more than 4,000 levels of pressure and the impressive tilt lets you write or draw in the most comfortable position. It also comes equipped with Air Command software that lets you take notes, edit documents, and draw. Unlike Surface Pen, the S Pen always stays on and never requires any charging. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related availability bestbuy Pre-order Pricing Samsung Notebook 9 Samsung Notebook 9 Pro touchscreen display Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Intel patent roadblock may cripple Windows on ARM by Pradeep 0 Trending Windows 10 Fall Creators Update’s latest Insider release packs a new Action Center, Emoji Picker, new ke... by Mehedi Hassan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 51: The Windows 10 Fall Creators Update Gets Its Biggest Build Yet by Andrew Bennett on June 9, 2017 The latest Windows 10 PC build for Windows Insiders is absolutely huge, and brings in just about everything but the kitchen sink – there’s a new emoji picker, Fluent Design has s... Subscribe Now Advertisement Windows 10 HTC considering bringing its Viveport VR Subscription Service to other VR platforms by Greg Jordan on June 10, 2017 Windows 10 Build 16215 brings significant accessibility improvements including c... by Surur Windows Phone’s Continuum will soon be able to replace your laptop by Mehedi Hassan Save money and time by using Cortana on Microsoft Edge browser by Pradeep Microsoft testing a new conversation-based UI for Cortana in Windows 10 by Mehedi Hassan Advertisement Deals Deal: Save up to $280 on select HP PCs from Microsoft You can now save up to $280 on select HP PCs from Microsoft Store US. HP’s thinnest convertible Spectre x360 13 with a 7th Gen Intel Core i7 processor and 256GB SSD is now available... Battlefield 1 Early Enlister Deluxe Edition available for only $39.95 Battlefield 1 Early Enlister Deluxe Edition is now available for 33% off over on online retailer Amazon’s website. Battlefield 1 brings the franchise back in time, taking it from the m... Deal: Save up to 25% on select SanDisk memory products You can save up to 25% on select SanDisk memory products from Amazon as part of their Deal of the Day promotion. For example, you can get SanDisk Ultra Flair USB 3.0 128GB Flash Drive High P... Amazon E3 Deal: 20% off select gaming accessories and more You can now get 20% off select gaming accessories from Amazon as part of their E3 sale. This sale includes accessories from Logitech, Razer, HyperX and more. Some of the products available o... Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5/128GB and Type Cover bundle for $660 You can now get a Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4GB RAM for $660. In addition, you can also get a Black Type Cover for free along with this purchase. You need to s... Deal: Save $400 on the entry-level Microsoft Surface Book You can now get the entry-level Surface Book device for just $1,100 from Amazon US. This Surface Book model comes with Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM and 128GB storage. Surface Book weighs... Deal: Save $328 on Microsoft Surface Pro 4 bundle in the US You can now save up to $328.95 on Surface Pro 4 bundle from Microsoft Store in the US. This bundle includes Surface Pen, Surface Pro 4 Type Cover (Black), Arc Touch Mouse Surface Edition, Mi... Acer announces curved 35-inch 21:9 UltraWide monitor targeting gamers Acer has now announced Acer Predator Z35P, a gaming monitor featuring a massive 35-inch 21:9 UltraWide WQHD (3440×1440) 1800r curved display. A 4ms response time, 2,500:1 native contr... Surface Pro 4 receives a price cut ahead of the launch of new Surface Pro device Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of up to $150 on select Surface Pro 4 devices in the United States. For example, you can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SS... Deal: Save up to £665 on Surface Book and get Bowers & Wilkins P3 Series 2... Microsoft Store is now offering a huge discount on select Surface Book devices in the UK. You can get £375 discount on the Surface Book Intel Core i7, 512GB SSD, 16GB RAM /dGPU model and a ... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Home Gaming News What to expect at E3 2017: Live streams, new games, and Xbox Scorpio's big reveal This is your guide to E3 2017. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Hayden Dingman Games Reporter, PCWorld | Jun 9, 2017 3:00 AM PT Gaming E3 2017 preview: Release dates, rumors, predictions and more More for you to like: Vanquish, a cult classic, now in 4k! | Let's Play Vanquish, a cult classic, now in... (14:19) Let's Play: Prey Let's Play: Prey (17:55) Let's play Outlast 2 Let's play Outlast 2 (15:43) Let's play Bulletstorm: Full Clip Edition Let's play Bulletstorm: Full Clip... (23:42) Steam Shovel: The best PC games you may have missed in March Steam Shovel: The best PC games... (19:19) Let's Play Thimbleweed Park Let's Play Thimbleweed Park (26:47) E3 2017's a-coming, and we're looking forward to Microsoft's Project Scorpio reveal as well as some key game releases. Hear all about our E3 hopes and dreams here. E3 2017 preview: Release dates, rumors, predictions and more More like this This week in games: Mass Effect's downfall, CD Projekt's extortion, E3 rumors... What to expect at E3 2016: Your guide to livestreams, new consoles, and games... This week in games: The Witcher heads to Netflix, Far Cry 5 confirmed Video E3 2017 preview: Release dates, rumors, predictions and more E3, the video game industry trade show, is dead. Long live E3 the consumer-facing show. Faced with an adapt-or-die situation the ESA’s chosen to adapt, inviting 15,000 members of the public to attend the 2017 Electronic Entertainment Expo in Los Angeles next week. Maybe you’re one of them. If so, congratulations! Maybe we’ll see you there. For the rest of you, the next week will pass as usual, in a flurry of game announcements, demos, and trailers—and Microsoft’s grand reveal of Xbox’s Project Scorpio console. Here’s what to expect, as we roll through three days of press conferences and then three more days of the show itself. [ Further reading: These 20 absorbing PC games will eat days of your life ] Shorter weekend Once upon a time, way back in ye olden days of 2014, E3 started on Monday morning. That all changed in 2015, when Bethesda decided to hold its first-ever E3 press conference on the preceding Sunday night—a move I would’ve attributed at the time to Monday being fully booked. But it was apparently the “Open the Floodgates” moment for publishers, with EA abandoning E3 entirely in 2016 and holding its inaugural EA Play press conference on Sunday afternoon. This year? Clear your whole weekend, because EA’s press conference is now on Saturday afternoon. Look for it Saturday, June 10, at 12 p.m. Pacific (3 p.m. Eastern), with streams probably easily accessible through the main EA Play website. Mentioned in this article Star Wars Battlefront II [Online Game Code] $59.99MSRP $59.99View on Amazon I don’t have to take many guesses on what’ll be featured—EA’s basically told us the whole lineup already. Star Wars Battlefront II is the main focus, though EA also announced a new Need for Speed game last week ahead of the show. Also on the schedule: The Sims 4, the usual Madden/FIFA/NBA Live block, and DLC for Titanfall 2 and Battlefield 1. Conspicuously absent: Any mention of Mass Effect Andromeda. It’s possible EA’s holding that back for a surprise announcement, but after underwhelming sales and middling reviews it’s also entirely possible that Andromeda won’t receive any DLC at all. Crazy. Sunday funday Microsoft The Xbox Project Scorpio processor. The great reshuffling continues as Microsoft abandons its usual 9 a.m. Monday event time for a much more reasonable 2 p.m. Sunday slot (Twitch / YouTube / Mixer). This one’s a pretty easy prediction too: Xbox Scorpio news, and lots of it. The 4K-ready Xbox One refresh was announced at last year’s E3, and the tech specs shown off by Digital Foundry earlier this year, but expect Microsoft to finish off the process at E3. That means price, release date, and (most likely) an official non-Scorpio name. Mentioned in this article Xbox One S 1TB Console - Halo Wars 2 Bundle $294.19MSRP $349.99View on Amazon And a whole raft of games to go along with it, and the Xbox One S. That’s obviously the most interesting part of the equation for us here at PCWorld, especially now that Microsoft’s Xbox Play Anywhere program means Xbox “exclusives” come to the PC as well. Expect cross-platform Windows 10 compatibility for every major first-party Xbox game in 2017. Bethesda Quake Champions Like the previous two years, Bethesda will close out Sunday with a late-night conference. Probably too late for some, as Bethesda won’t get started until 9 p.m. Pacific, or midnight on the East Coast. (Twitch) Of all the publishers, Bethesda’s kept the tightest lid on its lineup for E3. Quake Champions is a safe bet, but the rest? Pure speculation. If I had to guess though, I’d put my money on a new Wolfenstein game (one was teased during Bethesda’s 2016 press conference) as well as the oft-rumored Evil Within 2. Longest of long shots is a new Elder Scrolls, but I don’t see that happening for another year or so. Monday grind Okay, day three of E3 press conferences. This is the most crowded day, with the third annual PC Gaming Show at 10 a.m., Ubisoft at 1 p.m., and Sony at 6 p.m. Mentioned in this article Far Cry 5 [Online Game Code] $59.99MSRP $59.99View on Amazon Ubisoft (Twitch) is the easiest E3 publisher to predict because, well, it already gave away most of its lineup. South Park: The Fractured But Whole will no doubt return to the stage for yet another year now that it’s been delayed until October. We’ll also see more of Far Cry 5’s Montana—this time actual game footage to complement the live-action announcement trailer. The Crew 2 is also in the works. And then there’s Assassin’s Creed, which took a much-needed year off in 2016. Rumor has it that the new Assassin’s Creed is subtitled “Origins” and takes place in Egypt. I guess we’ll see. Sony (Twitch) is probably the biggest mystery out of all the press conferences (and the least significant to PC gamers). The big first-party games will be there, of course—namely, God of War, Uncharted: The Lost Legacy, and The Last of Us Part II. Oh, and that Insomniac Spider-Man game they teased last year. And more of Kojima’s naked Norman Reedus, probably.  But after dropping a ton of exclusive games in the first half of 2017, I don’t know how much Sony has left in the hopper. Mentioned in this article Sony PlayStation 4 Pro - 1TB MSRP $399.99View on Amazon Here’s hoping Sony talks up the advantages of the PS4 Pro a bit more. With Microsoft bringing Scorpio to E3, Sony really needs to change the conversation around the PlayStation 4 Pro—or start a conversation, honestly. Developers seem to be treating the increased power of the PS4 Pro as an afterthought, which can’t sit well with the people who bought one and doesn’t really give anyone a reason to upgrade. Triple threat I’ve left the PC Gaming Show for last because it’s our wheelhouse. Yes, the PC Gaming Show (Twitch) is back for its third year, which I guess makes it about as official an E3 staple as I can imagine. Gordon Mah Ung/Rob Schultz PC gaming FTW. There’s a new sponsor this year, though. Intel is the new corporate overlord for 2017, either outbidding AMD for the privilege or taking over where AMD left off—I’m not sure which. Hopefully Intel can rein in the show’s notorious length, though at least this year it’s not sandwiched between Microsoft and Ubisoft. As for what games will be there? No idea. The PC Gaming Show’s always pretty eclectic. Past years featured everything from Rising Storm 2 to American Truck Simulator and Deus Ex: Mankind Divided. Bohemia, Tripwire, Nexon, and Cygames are all listed on the invite, so I can take some guesses—Argo, for one. Lawbreakers, for another. Maybe even some new PC hardware with Intel inside. But it’s all a mystery. And with publishers giving away more and more of their secrets ahead of E3 itself, it’s kind of nice to have one show that holds its cards a little closer to the chest. Safe bets The hardest part nowadays is predicting what unannounced games we’ll see at E3, and that’s because...well, most of them are already announced in the month leading up to the show. Call of Duty: WWII, Far Cry 5, Need for Speed, the list goes on and on. Ubisoft Far Cry 5 is coming to America. As I said above though, Wolfenstein and The Evil Within 2 seem like reasonable guesses. Assassin’s Creed: Origins is basically a shoo-in, but technically not announced yet. A new Forza is all but inevitable. That standalone version of Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered seems obvious. A first glimpse at a new Dragon Age? Possibly. A new Arkham game, either developed by Rocksteady or someone else? Definitely possible. Other not-so-absurd guesses: Another Tomb Raider, a new Mad Max, another Dead Rising, a Gears of War spin-off, Life is Strange 2, Alien: Isolation 2, whatever Ken Levine’s been working on, a new Metro game, a historical Total War, a Civilization VI expansion, and fifteen new Telltale games. If we’re lucky we might get one or two non-sequels, too. That’d be great. Frozen over Here’s what I wrote last year about long-shot games at E3: “Our list of long-shot games is getting pretty slim at this point. Fallout 4 happened (and was mediocre). Tony Hawk happened (and was terrible). The Last Guardian...is still happening. Somewhere. Supposedly. That leaves just perennially absent Half-Life 3 and a Red Dead Redemption sequel on my list from last year. There’s also Prey 2 —though some rumors place that one at Bethesda’s conference this year. We’ll see.” Mentioned in this article Prey [Online Game Code] $59.99MSRP $59.99View on Amazon Well, Prey exists (and is great) and Red Dead Redemption 2 has also been announced. Expect to see more of the latter at this year’s E3, maybe at Sony’s conference. That leaves Half-Life 3 all on its lonesome, the last long-awaited sequel that we’re probably never, ever going to see. And we’re definitely not going to see it at E3, if I had to guess, so you might as well put down the crowbar. Publishers listened to all your hopes and desires, they made the games you wanted. We’re spoiled rotten. VR? Adam Patrick Murray The Oculus Rift (left) and HTC Vive (right). Last year I expected to see a lot of virtual reality at E3. This year, I’m less sure. On the PC front, the Oculus Rift is still making a play for the mainstream, but the HTC Vive seems content living in the niche early-adopter market for now. And to be honest, that’s probably how it should be. I don’t expect to see a huge presence from either Oculus or HTC at the show. Mentioned in this article PlayStation VR Launch Bundle $499.98MSRP $499.99View on Amazon That leaves console VR. Sony put out PlayStation VR last fall and it seemed to sell well, but I haven’t heard anything about it since then. Hopefully Sony rectifies that at E3 and doesn’t leave PlayStation VR to die in Vita-like fashion. Microsoft’s the big unknown. With Scorpio listed as 4K-ready, it’s still entirely possible Microsoft will make a play for VR this year or early next year, especially on the heels of its complicated “Mixed Reality” plans for Windows 10. Whether that play will be an Xbox-specific headset? No idea, and it'll apparently be a while before we find out—Polygon has Microsoft on record saying it won't be discussing VR at the show. See you here Anyway, we’ll be in Los Angeles, the same as every year. This time next week we’ll know exactly what games we’ll be playing for the rest of 2017, and we’ll be there to bring you our impressions. From Saturday, June 10, through the end of the show on Thursday, June 15, stay tuned for a ton of news—all the conference highlights, way too many game previews, videos, daily recaps, et cetera. If that’s too much structure, you’re also free to catch up-to-the-minute impressions through my Twitter account. As usual, I’ll be throwing unfiltered thoughts on there, covering all the biggest games of the show as well as Los Angeles’s best burritos and everything in between. No word yet on whether Doritos will be bringing its 60-foot tall arcade machine back to the show, but fingers crossed. And if you’re one of the aforementioned 15,000 members of the public with tickets to the show this year? Wear deodorant, and enjoy! To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Gaming E3 2017 Hayden writes about games for PCWorld and doubles as the resident Zork enthusiast. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search 2017 MacBook, MacBook Pro iFixit teardown: same old, same old JC Torres - Jun 9, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit After being pleasantly surprised by the discoveries in the 2017 4K iMac, the teardown experts at iFixit braced themselves for another adventure. Imagine their disappointment when, upon opening the 2017 Retina MacBook and 2017 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, they were, instead, hit hard with a major case of deja vu. If you were, like them, expecting at least some significant changes to these refreshed MacBooks, you would be, just like them, sorely disappointed. That’s not to say nothing has changed, of course. Depending on your intentions, the small changes might be the changes you were looking for. In particular, the CPU has been bumped up to the current 7th gen generation of Intel’s Core line. There are has also been some slight changes to the keyboard switches to address complaints about feel and durability. Other than that, however, much has remained the same, even some of the chips used are exactly the same. Here is the layout of the 2016 MacBook Pro Touch Bar: And here is the layout of the 2017 MacBook Pro Touch Bar: The same pattern is true for the 2016 Retina MacBook: And the 2017 Retina MacBook That’s not to say that it’s all bad, of course. Apple never promised an overhaul anyway. It also means that the parts and skills that were gained from the previous MacBooks transfer over to their 2017 counterparts. That said, it also meant that the 2017 Retina MacBook and 2017 MacBook Pro 13″ Touch Bar also inherited their predecessor’s dismally low repairability score of 1 out of 10. As before, everything is either soldered down or glued tight, making it difficult to remove and replace. The Touch Bar also remains an obstacle that has yet to be overcome, though iFixit promises to never give up until they’ve cracked that open. Figuratively, of course. SOURCE: iFixit (2017 Retina MacBook), (2017 MacBook Pro 13″ Touch Bar) Tags AppleComputingiFixitmacbookmacbook proTeardown Must Read Bits & Bytes The iPhone 8 could sacrifice gigabit LTE 2018 Volvo XC60 First Drive: The best Swedish all-rounder since ABBA Pokemon GO FEST event has Niantic’s biggest update ever Google Pixel 2 and the detail war with iPhone 8 E3 2017 Schedule: Press conferences for Nintendo, Microsoft, and more Latest Headlines Coolpad Defiant budget phone arrives at T-Mobile next week Jun 9, 2017 Leica M Monochrom ‘Jim Marshall Set’ is limited to 50 units Jun 9, 2017 Researchers develop fabric that can neutralize chemical weapons Jun 9, 2017 Stranger Things soundtrack will arrive soon…on cassette tape Jun 9, 2017 Honda is the new torch bearer for the mass-market stickshift Jun 9, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio Review: Nothing exceeds like excess Jun 6, 2017 Vizio SmartCast M65-D1 Review Jun 5, 2017 HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Site Information About / Advertise / Tip Us / Contact Policies Ethics Statement / Privacy Policy / Terms of Use © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 June 2017 by Sambit Kumar K-12 Educational Technology Market Forecasts to 2022 and Analysis  “K-12 Educational Technology Market”, Purchase This Report by calling ResearchnReports.com at +1-888-631-6977. About K-12 Education Technology The AEC was established with an aim to transform the ASEAN into a production base with a high competitive advantage and stability over the rest of the world. The community focuses on the economic, political, and socio-cultural development of its 10-member states. A major focus is on improving tertiary education and employability in the region. The conducive conditions for business will likely ensure foreign investment in all sectors, including the burgeoning education sector. The respective national policies in the ASEAN and the AEC are emphasizing greatly on revamping the K-12 education system in the region. This provides huge market potential for education technology vendors that are seeking to expand their presence in Southeast Asia. Researcher analysts forecast the K-12 education technology market in ASEAN to grow at a CAGR of 24.76% during the period 2017-2022. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the K-12 education technology market in ASEAN for 2017-2022. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated by the sales of educational hardware and software to kindergarten to grade 12 (K-12) schools in ASEAN. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Indonesia Singapore Other To Get Sample Copy of Report visit @: https://goo.gl/99WlD8 Researcher report, K-12 Education Technology Market in ASEAN 2017-2022, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   Key vendors Dell D2L Educomp Solutions Samsung Seiko Epson Other prominent vendors BenQ Eduspec Holdings Berhad Ellucian Hewlett-Packard (HP) Intel Macmillan Learning McGraw-Hill Education Microsoft Oracle Pearson Education Promethean Limited Saba Software Market driver Differentiated market penetration strategies. For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Threat from open source providers of software. For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Increased Internet penetration and use of education apps. For a full, detailed list, view our report   Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors?   Get more enquiry click here @: https://goo.gl/UFZFyG   Press Release Researcher Announces the Publication of its Research Report – K-12 Education Technology Market in ASEAN 2017-2022 Researcher recognizes the following companies as the key players in the K-12 education technology market in ASEAN: Dell, D2L, Educomp Solutions, Samsung, and Seiko Epson. Other prominent vendors in the market are: BenQ, Eduspec Holdings Berhad, Ellucian, HP, Intel, Macmillan Learning, McGraw-Hill Education, Microsoft, Oracle, Pearson Education, Promethean Limited, and Saba Software. Commenting on the report, an analyst from Researcher team said: “One of latest trends in the market is use of advanced technology in international schools. International schools are using various interactive and collaborative methods to teach students. For instance, at the Maker Space in NIST International School, Bangkok, children spend a portion of their lunch hours on robotics and programming projects. 3D printing, wearable technology, and drones are various educational technologies that hold tremendous growth potential during the forecast period. Drones will be primarily used in STEM learning through features such as digital storytelling and virtual tours. Educational technology is also expected to be incorporated in physical education classes. For instance, instructors are adopting GoPros and wristbands to monitor the activities and quantify the movement of students.” According to the report, one of the primary drivers in the market is adoption of new learning methods. Over the past decade, the adoption of innovative learning approaches has increased in the ASEAN. Some schools in Indonesia and the Philippines have adopted an e-learning platform known as Quipper School. The platform allows students to attend online classes, source study materials, and take online quizzes. This will influence the adoption of mobile-learning and education apps to a large extent. The K-12 schools in the ASEAN are emphasizing on delivering learning content with rich multimedia. A growing number of instructors are incorporating active learning methods that include project-based learning, inquiry-based learning, and experiential learning to improve the learning experience of students and enhance student performance assessments. Further, the report states that one major challenge in the market is inadequate ICT infrastructure. The budget allocations for improvement of IT infrastructure has not increased at the same rate as the changes in the role of technology in the education sector. Financial resources required to assist institutions in the transformational phase of adopting digital classrooms are a major constraint in the implementation of educational hardware and software. In case of K-12 institutions, availability of resources like servers, network infrastructure, backup storage, and power supply are constrained and restrict the implementation of advanced technological solutions. Also, to implement educational technology in schools, it is essential that the administrative staff has technical support specialists that provide essential support in troubleshooting problems related to software and solutions, installation, operation, maintenance, network administration, and security. The presence of technical support specialists can help in case of technical breakdowns. About Research n Reports: Research N Reports is a new age market research firm where we focus on providing information that can be effectively applied. Today being a consumer driven market, companies require information to deal with the complex and dynamic world of choices. Where relying on a sound board firm for your decisions becomes crucial. Research N Reports specializes in industry analysis, market forecasts and as a result getting quality reports covering all verticals, whether be it gaining perspective on current market conditions or being ahead in the cut throat Asia-Pacific  competition. Since we excel at business research to help businesses grow, we also offer consulting as an extended arm to our services which only helps us gain more insight into current trends and problems. Consequently we keep evolving as an all-rounder provider of viable information under one roof. Contact us: Mr. Sunny Denis Contact No. +1-888-631-6977 sales@researchnreports.com (ResearchnReports)       CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Asia-Pacific Environmental Management Systems (EMS) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Next PostNext Global High Performance Data Analytics Market Worth $99.6 billion by 2022 – Orbis Research Search Recent Posts 2,6-Xylidine Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 2,6-Xylidine Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Global Aircraft Vertical Stabilizers Market 2017-2022- Research Report Future Trend & Forecast Of Performance Appraisal Software Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 Future Trend & Forecast Of Performance Appraisal Software Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global High Performance Data Analytics Market Worth $99.6 billion by 2022 – Orbis Research According to Stratistics MRC, the Global High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Market is accounted for $17.8 billion in 2015 and expected to grow at a CAGR of 27.8% to reach $99.6 billion by 2022. Factors such as need for data analysis for efficient workloads, proliferation of Hadoop and transformation of certain disciplines into data driven sciences will boost the market growth. However, Government regulations and cyber security & threats are restraining the market growth. Integrating information and analysis across the enterprise and development of more open source projects will provide opportunities for the market. The market will face challenges like complex programming due to massive parallelization and huge investments for research and development. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/high-performance-data-analytics-hpda-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 On cloud deployment model segment is projecting the highest share. The software segment is gaining momentum. North America commanded the largest share of the market. Asia Pacific is the fastest growing market due to proliferation of supercomputers. Some of the key players in global High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) market are Cisco Systems, Cray Inc, Hewlett Packard Enterprises (HPE), IBM Corporation, Intel Corporation, Juniper Networks, Microsoft Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Red Hat Inc, Dell Inc, Teradata Corporation, SAS Institute, SAP SE, Juniper Networks, ATOS SE, Microsoft Corporation and Intel Corporation. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184129 Data Types Covered: Semi-Structured Structured Unstructured Deployment Models Covered: On-Cloud On-Premises Components Covered: Software Services Managed Services Professional Services Hardware Storage Server End Users Covered: Academia and Research Energy and Utility Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance Manufacturing Government and Defense Media and Entertainment IT and Telecommunication Retail and Consumer Goods Transportation and Logistics Healthcare and Life Sciences Other End Users Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments Market share analysis of the top industry players Strategic recommendations for the new entrants Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious K-12 Educational Technology Market Forecasts to 2022 and Analysis Next PostNext Global Digital Gaming Market Growth at a CAGR of 17.2%-Gaming Platform, Gaming Subscription Model, Devices, Regions – Trends & Forecast 2020 Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global High Performance Data Analytics Market Worth $99.6 billion by 2022 – Orbis Research According to Stratistics MRC, the Global High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Market is accounted for $17.8 billion in 2015 and expected to grow at a CAGR of 27.8% to reach $99.6 billion by 2022. Factors such as need for data analysis for efficient workloads, proliferation of Hadoop and transformation of certain disciplines into data driven sciences will boost the market growth. However, Government regulations and cyber security & threats are restraining the market growth. Integrating information and analysis across the enterprise and development of more open source projects will provide opportunities for the market. The market will face challenges like complex programming due to massive parallelization and huge investments for research and development. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/high-performance-data-analytics-hpda-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 On cloud deployment model segment is projecting the highest share. The software segment is gaining momentum. North America commanded the largest share of the market. Asia Pacific is the fastest growing market due to proliferation of supercomputers. Some of the key players in global High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) market are Cisco Systems, Cray Inc, Hewlett Packard Enterprises (HPE), IBM Corporation, Intel Corporation, Juniper Networks, Microsoft Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Red Hat Inc, Dell Inc, Teradata Corporation, SAS Institute, SAP SE, Juniper Networks, ATOS SE, Microsoft Corporation and Intel Corporation. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184129 Data Types Covered: Semi-Structured Structured Unstructured Deployment Models Covered: On-Cloud On-Premises Components Covered: Software Services Managed Services Professional Services Hardware Storage Server End Users Covered: Academia and Research Energy and Utility Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance Manufacturing Government and Defense Media and Entertainment IT and Telecommunication Retail and Consumer Goods Transportation and Logistics Healthcare and Life Sciences Other End Users Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments Market share analysis of the top industry players Strategic recommendations for the new entrants Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious K-12 Educational Technology Market Forecasts to 2022 and Analysis Next PostNext Global Digital Gaming Market Growth at a CAGR of 17.2%-Gaming Platform, Gaming Subscription Model, Devices, Regions – Trends & Forecast 2020 Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global High Performance Data Analytics Market Worth $99.6 billion by 2022 – Orbis Research According to Stratistics MRC, the Global High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Market is accounted for $17.8 billion in 2015 and expected to grow at a CAGR of 27.8% to reach $99.6 billion by 2022. Factors such as need for data analysis for efficient workloads, proliferation of Hadoop and transformation of certain disciplines into data driven sciences will boost the market growth. However, Government regulations and cyber security & threats are restraining the market growth. Integrating information and analysis across the enterprise and development of more open source projects will provide opportunities for the market. The market will face challenges like complex programming due to massive parallelization and huge investments for research and development. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/high-performance-data-analytics-hpda-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 On cloud deployment model segment is projecting the highest share. The software segment is gaining momentum. North America commanded the largest share of the market. Asia Pacific is the fastest growing market due to proliferation of supercomputers. Some of the key players in global High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) market are Cisco Systems, Cray Inc, Hewlett Packard Enterprises (HPE), IBM Corporation, Intel Corporation, Juniper Networks, Microsoft Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Red Hat Inc, Dell Inc, Teradata Corporation, SAS Institute, SAP SE, Juniper Networks, ATOS SE, Microsoft Corporation and Intel Corporation. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184129 Data Types Covered: Semi-Structured Structured Unstructured Deployment Models Covered: On-Cloud On-Premises Components Covered: Software Services Managed Services Professional Services Hardware Storage Server End Users Covered: Academia and Research Energy and Utility Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance Manufacturing Government and Defense Media and Entertainment IT and Telecommunication Retail and Consumer Goods Transportation and Logistics Healthcare and Life Sciences Other End Users Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments Market share analysis of the top industry players Strategic recommendations for the new entrants Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious K-12 Educational Technology Market Forecasts to 2022 and Analysis Next PostNext Global Digital Gaming Market Growth at a CAGR of 17.2%-Gaming Platform, Gaming Subscription Model, Devices, Regions – Trends & Forecast 2020 Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global High Performance Data Analytics Market Worth $99.6 billion by 2022 – Orbis Research According to Stratistics MRC, the Global High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Market is accounted for $17.8 billion in 2015 and expected to grow at a CAGR of 27.8% to reach $99.6 billion by 2022. Factors such as need for data analysis for efficient workloads, proliferation of Hadoop and transformation of certain disciplines into data driven sciences will boost the market growth. However, Government regulations and cyber security & threats are restraining the market growth. Integrating information and analysis across the enterprise and development of more open source projects will provide opportunities for the market. The market will face challenges like complex programming due to massive parallelization and huge investments for research and development. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/high-performance-data-analytics-hpda-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 On cloud deployment model segment is projecting the highest share. The software segment is gaining momentum. North America commanded the largest share of the market. Asia Pacific is the fastest growing market due to proliferation of supercomputers. Some of the key players in global High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) market are Cisco Systems, Cray Inc, Hewlett Packard Enterprises (HPE), IBM Corporation, Intel Corporation, Juniper Networks, Microsoft Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Red Hat Inc, Dell Inc, Teradata Corporation, SAS Institute, SAP SE, Juniper Networks, ATOS SE, Microsoft Corporation and Intel Corporation. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184129 Data Types Covered: Semi-Structured Structured Unstructured Deployment Models Covered: On-Cloud On-Premises Components Covered: Software Services Managed Services Professional Services Hardware Storage Server End Users Covered: Academia and Research Energy and Utility Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance Manufacturing Government and Defense Media and Entertainment IT and Telecommunication Retail and Consumer Goods Transportation and Logistics Healthcare and Life Sciences Other End Users Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments Market share analysis of the top industry players Strategic recommendations for the new entrants Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious K-12 Educational Technology Market Forecasts to 2022 and Analysis Next PostNext Global Digital Gaming Market Growth at a CAGR of 17.2%-Gaming Platform, Gaming Subscription Model, Devices, Regions – Trends & Forecast 2020 Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global High Performance Data Analytics Market Worth $99.6 billion by 2022 – Orbis Research According to Stratistics MRC, the Global High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Market is accounted for $17.8 billion in 2015 and expected to grow at a CAGR of 27.8% to reach $99.6 billion by 2022. Factors such as need for data analysis for efficient workloads, proliferation of Hadoop and transformation of certain disciplines into data driven sciences will boost the market growth. However, Government regulations and cyber security & threats are restraining the market growth. Integrating information and analysis across the enterprise and development of more open source projects will provide opportunities for the market. The market will face challenges like complex programming due to massive parallelization and huge investments for research and development. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/high-performance-data-analytics-hpda-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 On cloud deployment model segment is projecting the highest share. The software segment is gaining momentum. North America commanded the largest share of the market. Asia Pacific is the fastest growing market due to proliferation of supercomputers. Some of the key players in global High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) market are Cisco Systems, Cray Inc, Hewlett Packard Enterprises (HPE), IBM Corporation, Intel Corporation, Juniper Networks, Microsoft Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Red Hat Inc, Dell Inc, Teradata Corporation, SAS Institute, SAP SE, Juniper Networks, ATOS SE, Microsoft Corporation and Intel Corporation. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184129 Data Types Covered: Semi-Structured Structured Unstructured Deployment Models Covered: On-Cloud On-Premises Components Covered: Software Services Managed Services Professional Services Hardware Storage Server End Users Covered: Academia and Research Energy and Utility Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance Manufacturing Government and Defense Media and Entertainment IT and Telecommunication Retail and Consumer Goods Transportation and Logistics Healthcare and Life Sciences Other End Users Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments Market share analysis of the top industry players Strategic recommendations for the new entrants Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious K-12 Educational Technology Market Forecasts to 2022 and Analysis Next PostNext Global Digital Gaming Market Growth at a CAGR of 17.2%-Gaming Platform, Gaming Subscription Model, Devices, Regions – Trends & Forecast 2020 Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global High Performance Data Analytics Market Worth $99.6 billion by 2022 – Orbis Research According to Stratistics MRC, the Global High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Market is accounted for $17.8 billion in 2015 and expected to grow at a CAGR of 27.8% to reach $99.6 billion by 2022. Factors such as need for data analysis for efficient workloads, proliferation of Hadoop and transformation of certain disciplines into data driven sciences will boost the market growth. However, Government regulations and cyber security & threats are restraining the market growth. Integrating information and analysis across the enterprise and development of more open source projects will provide opportunities for the market. The market will face challenges like complex programming due to massive parallelization and huge investments for research and development. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/high-performance-data-analytics-hpda-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 On cloud deployment model segment is projecting the highest share. The software segment is gaining momentum. North America commanded the largest share of the market. Asia Pacific is the fastest growing market due to proliferation of supercomputers. Some of the key players in global High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) market are Cisco Systems, Cray Inc, Hewlett Packard Enterprises (HPE), IBM Corporation, Intel Corporation, Juniper Networks, Microsoft Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Red Hat Inc, Dell Inc, Teradata Corporation, SAS Institute, SAP SE, Juniper Networks, ATOS SE, Microsoft Corporation and Intel Corporation. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184129 Data Types Covered: Semi-Structured Structured Unstructured Deployment Models Covered: On-Cloud On-Premises Components Covered: Software Services Managed Services Professional Services Hardware Storage Server End Users Covered: Academia and Research Energy and Utility Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance Manufacturing Government and Defense Media and Entertainment IT and Telecommunication Retail and Consumer Goods Transportation and Logistics Healthcare and Life Sciences Other End Users Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments Market share analysis of the top industry players Strategic recommendations for the new entrants Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious K-12 Educational Technology Market Forecasts to 2022 and Analysis Next PostNext Global Digital Gaming Market Growth at a CAGR of 17.2%-Gaming Platform, Gaming Subscription Model, Devices, Regions – Trends & Forecast 2020 Search Recent Posts Global SaaS Based HRM Market Trends, Challenges and Growth Drivers Analysis 2022 Universal Grease Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Alginic Acid (CAS 9005-38-3) Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Learn details of the Global PSD2 and Open Banking Market: growth with CAGR in forecast-2022 Global Metal Deactivator Market – Analysis and Trends RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:02 GMT +310 June 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search UKIP Leader Steps Down Effective Immediately After Gaining No Parliament Seats © REUTERS/ Toby Melville Politics 12:58 09.06.2017Get short URL Topic: UK General Election 2017 (103) 0 8911 The UKIP leader announced his plan to resign after the party got no seats in the general election. © REUTERS/ Vincent Kessler, Mike Segar Ex-UKIP Leader Person of Interest in US Intel Probe Into Trump-Russia TiesMOSCOW (Sputnik) — The United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) leader Paul Nuttall announced on Friday his plan to resign after his Euroskeptic party failed to gain any seats in the general election. "I am standing down today as the leader of UKIP with immediate effect. This will allow the party to have a new leader in place by the conference in September," Nuttall said at a press conference. He touted his ability to lay the "foundations" of the party's future campaigns, "but it will be for someone else to build on those." ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 11 Topic: UK General Election 2017 (103) Related: Shady: UKIP Wants to Ban Burqas Because They Cause Vitamin D Deficiency UKIP to Resume Election Campaign Halted After Manchester Attack on Thursday UKIP Member Favors Anti-Terror Cooperation With Russia After Manchester Attack Tags: UK Independence Party (UKIP), Paul Nuttall, United Kingdom TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:54How Russia Could Mediate Settlement of Saudi-Qatar Diplomatic Crisis 09:11Kiev Forces Accuse Donbass Militia of Violating Ceasefire 71 Times 08:01Bulgaria’s Radev to Invite Russian President to 2018 Liberation Day Celebrations 07:50Bulgarian Leader Backs Lifting Sanctions on Russia Despite Having Hands Tied 07:40Olympics 2020: IOC Cuts Number of Weightlifting Athletes Amid Doping ScandalsAll news Iran, Turkey, Qatar Seem to Have Just Received a Warning From Washington 10754 Syrian Army's Allies Threaten US With Retaliatory Strike After Tuesday Attack 9015 New Corruption Probe: Will Hillary Clinton Find Herself Behind Bars? 7016 Too Close for Comfort: Russia's Zircon Surges Ahead in Hypersonic Missile Race 6065 Saudi Arabia Behind Deadly Attacks in Tehran - Iran's Revolutionary Guards 5976All news US-led Coalition Says it Doesn't Aim to Fight Against Syrian Army, Russia 60 US-led Coalition Bombs Pro-Syrian Gov't Forces Near al-Tanf for 3rd Time 33 Syrian Army's Allies Threaten US With Retaliatory Strike After Tuesday Attack 30 Serbia to Sue NATO Over Damage Caused by 1999 Bombing of Yugoslavia 29 New Corruption Probe: Will Hillary Clinton Find Herself Behind Bars? 29All news Recommended News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures Deep Waters 2017 UK General Election: Final Results Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Subscribe  User Log in Need help? FAQ Contact us Today's paper Notices Place a notice Shop Directory  Share on facebook  Share on twitter  Share via email News Sport Business Life Magazine Arts Notices Opinion Puzzles Photos Videos SHOP Search General Election Brexit Northern Ireland UK News Republic of Ireland World news Political news Education news Healthcare news Nama Assembly Election The Championship Rio Olympics GAA Football GAA Fixtures Club Call Hurling and camogie Soccer Boxing Rugby Golf Athletics Off The Fence Racing Opinion Other Sports Euro 2016 Business news Economics Personal finance Business columnists Business Insight Profit Margin Workplace & Employment Awards Family and Parenting Property Holidays & Travel Fashion & Beauty Motors/drive Food & drink Celebrity Gardening Environment Health Faith Matters TV and Radio Science Technology All Entertainment Movies Music TV Soaps Film Music Books Pipe Band Digest Stage Irish language Family Notices Lives Remembered Letters to the Editor Leading article Cartoons Columnists Photo of the Day Graduation pictures Picture galleries Video Login User   /  Logout Subscriptions Home Today's paper News Sections Back General Election Brexit Northern Ireland UK News Republic of Ireland World news Political news Education news Healthcare news Nama Assembly Election Sport Sections Back The Championship Rio Olympics GAA Football GAA Fixtures Club Call Hurling and camogie Soccer Boxing Rugby Golf Athletics Off The Fence Racing Opinion Other Sports Euro 2016 Business Sections Back Business news Economics Personal finance Business columnists Business Insight Profit Margin Workplace & Employment Awards Life Sections Back Family and Parenting Property Holidays & Travel Fashion & Beauty Motors/drive Food & drink Celebrity Gardening Environment Health Faith Matters TV and Radio Magazine Sections Back Science Technology All Entertainment Movies Music TV Soaps Arts Sections Back Film Music Books Pipe Band Digest Stage Irish language Notices Sections Back Family Notices Lives Remembered Opinion Sections Back Letters to the Editor Leading article Cartoons Columnists Puzzles Photos Sections Back Photo of the Day Graduation pictures Picture galleries Video Videos SHOP Our journalists Horoscopes Place a notice Directory Search Business Fit-out firm Mac and screening giant CDE make elite 'fast growth' listing CDE in Cookstown is featured on the Sunday Times list at number 171 09 June, 2017 01:00 Topics cde HSBC MAC Sunday Times Sunday Times HSBC International Track 200 This example of Mac fit-out work is at the new Davy private clients’ office in Belfast NORTHERN Ireland's representation has halved from four to two on the annual Sunday Times HSBC International Track 200 league table, which ranks the UK's mid-market private companies with the fastest-growing international sales. But the two firms featured on the list - Mac-Interiors in Newry and Cookstown-based CDE Global - have grown their international sales by an average of 42 per cent a year over the last two years to a total of £88 million, and employ a combined 240 people. Contractor Mac, a new entrant at number 64, has benefited from the influx of major US firms seeking a presence in Ireland, and its clients include Oracle, Intel and IBM. Working mainly in Dublin, its international sales rose to £56.6m in 2016. Also featuring for the first time is CDE Global (number 171), which sells its waste and materials processing equipment to more than 70 countries. Demand for its bespoke machinery from customers such as Mexican building materials supplier Cemex helped exports hit £31m in 2016. The Northern Ireland duo appear with businesses from around the UK, including jewellery designer Monica Vinader, premium cycling brand Rapha, appliance manufacturer Gtech, and sandwich shop chain Pret. Past stars range from drinks maker Fever-Tree to travel search engine Skyscanner. The league table reflects the importance of Europe to the UK's mid-market exporters ahead of the Brexit negotiations. Almost 85 per cent of the companies (167) sell to the continent, the most popular market, followed by North America (112) and Asia (75). Amanda Murphy, UK head of commercial banking at HSBC, said: “This year's Sunday Times HSBC International Track 200 is testament to the exciting opportunities available to ambitious Northern Irish businesses with appetite to grow their goods and services abroad.” This year's International Track 200 companies achieved, on average, overseas sales growth of 47 per cent a year over two years to a total of £7.6 billion. They employ 97,000 staff, having added 26,000 employees to their combined workforce over the period. Topics cde HSBC MAC Sunday Times Sunday Times HSBC International Track 200 09 June, 2017 01:00 Business More in Business Inflation rate predicted to remain above wage growth following General Election Politicians urged to 'act responsibly for business' L'Oreal enters 'exclusive' talks to sell The Body Shop Irishnews.com Jobs All Locations In All Categories Markets ISEQ London Europe U.S. Asia Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Today's horoscope See a different horoscope:  Select sign Stay connected Get the day's headlines delivered directly to your inbox Sign Up Sections News Westminster brings high and lows for north's five main parties Family speak of `utter disbelief' following sudden death of father on holiday Life Gorta-Self Help Africa chief on why we must give Africa a helping hand – and not a handout Duende in Alicante – food, wine, culture and history in Spanish coastal city Business Politicians urged to 'act responsibly for business' Inflation rate predicted to remain above wage growth following General Election Arts Cult Movie: Corruption a murky masterpiece of 60s exploitation Take That play Northern Ireland cinemas live from the O2 Arena Columnists Newton Emerson: All bets are off on a Stormont deal while DUP has a hold over Tory government Patrick Murphy: Gerry Adams is the most successful party leader in this election Sport In The Irish News on June 10 1997: Crossmaglen's John McEntee main injury doubt for Armagh for Tyrone clash On This Day - June 10 2016: The Greatest, former world heavyweight boxing champion Muhammad Ali, is laid to rest in Louisville, Kentucky Tackle today's puzzles From gentle to deadly - Crosswords, Suduko, Codewords, Wordwheels and quizzes Supplements Send us your story Contact us FAQ About us Our Journalists Photo Sales Careers WEA Coaching Days Advertise with the Irish News (pdf) Place a family notice
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Apple, other big tech stocks collapse into Friday's close >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Trading > Trading Advice > 4 Rules That Every Smart Investor Should Follow These rules are simple, yet critical to investment success Jun 8, 2017, 11:34 am EDT  |  By , Street Authority     View All   Investing is tough. It’s an emotional roller coaster that can bring fear, anxiety, frustration and a slew of other feelings. Then it’s only compounded by the fallacies espoused by the mainstream media, such as “buy and hold,” “dollar cost averaging” and “compounding.” Sure these are all great in theory, but the problem is that for most investors it turns into “buy and fold,” “buying more of a losing position” and surprise “compounding losses.” Just ask anyone who invested in the “safe” solid blue-chip Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) back in 1999 and was told to simply buy and hold and they would be rewarded… Yet, after more than a decade check out how that “buy and hold” strategy performed: But what’s perhaps worse than the frustration those investors went through or the fact that their “safe” blue-chip stock lost them money is the fact that they just lost those 10-plus years. The time aspect is the real kicker. You can eventually recover from a loss, but you can never make up for the lost time. And it is time that is crucial to reaching your investment or retirement goals. 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy Of course, the time and risk aversion components of investing are rarely talked about in the mainstream media. Instead, they insist that if you sell, you’re going to “miss out” on some level of the bull market. But the problem is that they never tell you the devastating effects that large losses can have on your portfolio. Remember, we can’t use arithmetic averages when it comes to investing. Using arithmetic average would suggest that a 100% gain and a 50% loss averages out to an annual return of 25%. (100-50=50/2=25). Making one think that if you invested $100 in that scenario you would have $125. Unfortunately, the real world of investing doesn’t work like that. If you invested $100 and made a 100% gain in year one, that would put you at $200. But a 50% loss in year two brings you back to $100. So, in the end, you haven’t made a dime… but you did lose two years. Understanding how to manage the inherent risks associated with investing can be the difference between making money in the market and hitting your investment goals, or losing a fortune. This is why every great investor in history is defined by the methods by which they manage their investments. Not only when they buy, but more important, when they sell. The difference between a successful long-term investor and an unsuccessful one comes down to following some simple rules. Longtime readers of my premium newsletter, Maximum Profit, should recognize these rules. I talk about them regularly in the pages of my newsletter. That’s because while we use a proven  system to identify solid companies with sustained price momentum to give clear “buy” and “sell” signals, it still comes down to the individual following those rules to achieve success. But despite their simplicity, they seem to be some of the most difficult rules for individuals to follow. But they’re so important. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/4-rules-that-every-smart-investor-should-follow/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 5 Techs That Just Got Shredded 7 Stocks to Buy in the Hottest Industry 7 Best Buffett Dividend Stocks for Retirement 7 Energy Stocks to Survive an Oil Beating 3 Chinese Solar Stocks With Stellar Long-Term Potential Tech Bubble? What About the China Bubble? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 5 Tech Stocks That Just Got Shredded by Goldman’s Bubble Call 7 Stocks to Buy in Wall Street’s Hottest Industry 7 Energy Stocks to Buy to Survive an Oil Beating Warren Buffett’s 7 Best Dividend Stocks for Retirement Tech Bubble? What About the China Bubble? Most Popular 7 Stocks With More Upside Than Alphabet 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 7 Vanguard Funds to Build an All-Weather Portfolio 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy Test Drive Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock for the Long-Term! Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Will Reward Your Patience Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Latest News Dow 21,272 +89.44 +0.42% Nasdaq 6,208 -113.84 -1.80% S&P 500 2,432 -2.02 -0.08% 6/09 Updated Sex in an airplane seat? Making staff cry? Why airline passengers have lost the plot 6/09 Updated These women born before suffrage share their thoughts on the Trump era 6/09 Updated Soon you’ll be able to check into flights with a fingerprint — but should you? 6/09 Updated Is social media the new court of law for fashion copycats? 6/09 Updated Mortgages are unaffordable in half of America’s largest housing markets 6/09 Updated Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree all entrepreneurs need this quality 6/09 Updated Jerry Seinfeld reveals why he declined (three times) to hug Kesha 6/09 Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 6/09 Updated The Nasdaq just blew its biggest lead in more than a year as tech stocks unravel 6/09 BREAKING: James Comey’s congressional testimony drew 19.5 million viewers 6/09 Updated Nasdaq tumbles on tech selloff while Dow climbs to record close 6/09 Opinion Pay attention to the ominous pattern in big technology stocks 6/09 Is the largest inflow into bonds in over 2 years an ominous sign for bears or bulls? 6/09 Updated 2-year Treasury yield notches largest weekly gain since April 6/09 Airline passengers reach a new low and Jerry Seinfeld explains why he declined a hug 6/09 This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 6/09 Trump: Qatar Funds Terrorism at 'Very High Level' 6/09 Updated Wall Street’s fear index bounces off 23-year low as tech stocks sink 6/09 Updated Trump Today: President says he didn’t ask Comey to ‘pledge allegiance’ to him 6/09 Exxon says it didn’t mislead investors on climate, calls claims ‘reckless’ Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release iQIYI Enhances Video Experience with AI Technology By Published: June 9, 2017 3:20 a.m. ET Share BEIJING, June 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- China's leading online video service provider iQIYI announces its plan to set up an innovation lab to develop AI benchmarks with global partners while unveiling the strategy to build the company into a "world-class AI-driven entertainment company".  iQIYI told the plan at the AI Video Summit during the iQIYI Technology & Entertainment World Conference in Beijing on June 9 [th] . The event comprises keynotes and panels led by a distinguished array of industry leaders including Dr. Tang Xing, chief technology officer of iQIYI, John Couling, global senior vice-president of Dolby Labs, Dr. Chen Baoquan, chief scientist of The Advanced Innovation Center for Future Visual Entertainment of Beijing Film Academy, Song Jiqiang, head of Intel Labs China and Tang Jili, president and CEO of China Film International. In a keynote speech, Dr. Tang elaborated the value of AI in the online video area by taking iQIYI's innovative practice as an example. "A massive amount of content, large user base and strong cloud computing power have made the online video industry enter the AI entertainment era at a faster pace," said Dr. Tang. iQIYI, A top player in China's mobile entertainment market, has developed multiple AI-driven applications based on natural language processing (NLP) and pattern & image recognition technologies, which help the company expand space for commercialization as well as improve user experience to a new level, he said. A function he highlighted at the summit is that of "search by image", which enables users to search for their target movies or dramas simply with posters, screenshots and pictures. The video streaming platform has also developed numerous functions such as "smart tag", "video on demand", "smart clip" and "3D face swap " by analyzing user behavior data. For example, with "3D face swap", users can swap faces with actors or actresses and see their own "performance" in the show thanks to iQIYI's AI technologies. What's more, iQIYI has drawn on deep learning to develop a set of business intelligent system capable of predicting box office, online traffic and revenue, which has become an important tool in the company's decision-making process for content purchasing and investment. The further exploration of AI technologies facilitates iQIYI to improve content production and operation efficiency and provide more personalized services for users. At the summit, Dr. Tang also announced that iQIYI would establish an innovation lab dedicated to the research on AI technologies to be applied in video industry and the development of AI benchmarks along with top partners worldwide. The lab will serve as the company's technology research and development center, with a goal to build the largest video streaming platform in China into a major AI player in global online entertainment world. In addition to AI sector, iQIYI has already partnered with many of the top tech companies in the world like Dolby Labs, Intel and NVIDIA, taking lead in technology innovations in different areas in online entertainment industry and working together to bring better online visual and audio experience to China's viewers. Mr. John Couling of Dolby Labs said in a keynote that the long-lasting cooperation between Dolby and iQIYI had achieved great success and allowed hundreds of millions of Chinese online viewers to enjoy shows with their mobile devices as if they were sitting in a movie theater. In the future, iQIYI aims to create a sophisticated AI-driven entertainment ecosystem by applying this cutting-edge technology in every major category of its businesses from online literature, dramas, films, games to animation and e-commerce. Through top-down integration of resources across the industry chain, iQIYI can technologically drive businesses in IP discovery, content creation, precision marketing and other dimensions, in an effort to achieve a win-win result with all of its partners. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/iqiyi-enhances-video-experience-with-ai-technology-300471565.html SOURCE iQIYI Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage Citigroup shares jump to 2009 levels as fading Trump-policy hopes prompts upgrade Sex in an airplane seat? Making staff cry? Why airline passengers have lost the plot Pay attention to the ominous pattern in big technology stocks Most Popular Sex in an airplane seat? Making staff cry? Why airline passengers have lost the plot Pay attention to the ominous pattern in big technology stocks The Nasdaq just blew its biggest lead in more than a year as tech stocks unravel Nasdaq tumbles on tech selloff while Dow climbs to record close Film Clip: 'The Mummy' MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
REGISTER | LOGIN PROFILE | LOGOUT Sign Up / Sign In {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome Back {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Registration Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* displayName *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* addressCountry *} {* companyName *} {* eetimesJobfunction *} {* jobFunctionOther *} {* eetimesIndustry *} {* industryOther *} {* optInRegistration *} {* optAgree *} {* optShare *} {* siteName *} {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank You for Registering Please wait you will be redirected shortly. Create New Password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close About Us Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Big Data Breaking News BLOG: Intel to Strike Thunderbolt in CPUs BLOG: SCOTUS Ends Texas Patent Craze NEWS & ANALYSIS: 3DXP's Memory Role Unclear NEWS & ANALYSIS: Big Data Reshapes Silicon NEWS & ANALYSIS: Apple, Intel Attack Rivals SPONSORED: Wideband I/Q Demodulation for Zero-IF High Dynamic ... News & Analysis DARPA Funds Development of New Type of Processor Worlds 1st Non-Von-Neumann R. Colin Johnson 6/9/2017 01:01 AM EDT 11 comments NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet LAKE WALES, Fla. — A completely new kind of non-von-Neumann processor called a HIVE — Hierarchical Identify Verify Exploit — is being funded by the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (DARPA) to the tune of $80 million over four-and-a-half years. Chipmakers Intel and Qualcomm are participating in the project, along with a national laboratory, a university and a defense contractor North Grumman.  Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (Richland, Washington) and Georgia Tech are involved in creating software tools for the processor while Northrup Grumman will build a Baltimore center that uncovers and transfers the Defense Departments graph analytic needs for the what is being called the world's first graph analytic processor (GAP). Hierarchical Identify Verify Exploit (HIVE) uses a sequence that begins with the multi-layer graphical representations of data (see figure) that open the way for graph analytic processing to identify relationships between data within and perhaps between the layers. (Source: DARPA) "When we look at computer architectures today, they use the same [John] von Neumann architecture invented in the 1940s. CPUs and GPUs have gone parallel, but each core is still a von Neumann processor," Trung Tran, a program manager in DARPA’s Microsystems Technology Office (MTO), told EE Times in an exclusive interview. "HIVE is not von Neumann because of the sparseness of its data and its ability to simultaneously perform different processes on different areas of memory simultaneously," Trung said. "This non-von-Neumann approach allows one big map that can be accessed by many processors at the same time, each using its own local scratch-pad memory while simultaneously performing scatter-and-gather operations across global memory." The patchwork of dies represents work funded by DARPA. "Beyond Scaling: An Electronics Resurgence Initiative" is pushing for a new era of microsystem structures and capabilities. (Source: DARPA) Graph analytic processors do not exist today, but they theoretically differ from CPUs and GPUs in key ways. First of all, they are optimized for processing sparse graph primitives. Because the items they process are sparsely located in global memory, they also involve a new memory architecture that can access randomly placed memory locations at ultra-high speeds (up to terabytes per second). Today's memory chips are optimized to access long sequential locations (to fill their caches) at their highest speeds, which are in the much slower gigabytes per second range. HIVEs, on the other hand, will access random eight-byte data points from global memory at its highest speed, then process them independently using their private scratch-pad memory. The architecture is also specified to be scalable to up to however many HIVE processors are needed to perform a specific graph algorithm. "Of all the data collected today, only about 20 percent is useful — that's why its sparse —making our eight-byte granularity much more efficient for Big Data problems," said Tran. The Giga Traversed Edges Per Second Per Watt needed for realtime graphic analysis that identify relationships as they unfold in the field is 1000-times faster (green) than the fastest GPU (blue) or CPU (red) today. (Source: DARPA) Together, the new arithmetic-processing-unit (APU) optimized for graph analytics plus the new memory architecture chips are specified by DARPA to use 1,000-times less power than using today's supercomputers. The participants, especially Intel and Qualcomm, will also have the rights to commercialize the processor and memory architectures they invent to create a HIVE. The graph analytics processor is needed, according to DARPA, for Big Data problems, which typically involve many-to-many rather than many-to-one or one-to-one relationships for which today's processors are optimized. A military example, according to DARPA, might be the the first digital missives of a cyberattack. A civilian example, according to Intel, might be all the people buying from Amazon mapped to all the items each of them bought (clearly delineating the many-to-many relationships as people-to-products). "From my standpoint, the next big problem to solve is Big Data, that today is analyzed by regression which is inefficient for relations between data points that are very sparse," said Tran. "We found that the CPU and GPU leave a big gap between the size of problems and the richness of results, whereas graph theory is a perfect fit for which we see an emerging commercial market too." Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 2 Next > More Related Links IBM Claims 5nm Nanosheet Breakthrough 'Supercomputer-as-a-Service' Model is Born Cray Rolls Clustered Supercomputers for AI Qualcomm Poised to Become MCU Sales Leader? Intel Re-defines Xeons Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] Page 1 / 2   >   >> User Rank Author Re: Can anyone give me a hint why this is a CPU issue rather than a memory access time issue? KarlS01   6/9/2017 3:29:02 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate @Colin:  Pre System/360 high end IBM CPUs had data buffers to try to speed up matrix inversion. Model 85 introduced cache as an improvement.  Meanwhile Models 350 65 and 75 had 4 way interleaved memories which gave the ability to have multiple(up to 4) 8 byte accesses depending on the low order 2 bits of the address. The address decoding steered the request to individual memory arrays and then delivered the returned 8 bytes to each requester. Your reply makes me think that there will be many memories multiplexed in some fashion over an ultra high speed link/bus.  That seems fair.  Thanks, that brought back memories about memories. P.S. Cache was for calculation intensive apps, not random accesses. Also earlier CPUs had 2 way interleave so there could be an instruction fetch and a data access to allow instruction decode to be overlapped with execution of the previous instruction. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: Can anyone give me a hint why this is a CPU issue rather than a memory access time issue? alex_m1   6/9/2017 3:21:31 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Those kinds of memory access speeds/patterns seem extremely high. Any idea how they will get there ? Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: not first non-von machine KarlS01   6/9/2017 3:10:19 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate @Elizabeth:  Thanks.  The memory map explains it well.  Harvard was used a lot because the program was in ROM, therefore could not store variable data.   Even the x86 had some kind of control bit that separated data from instruction.  That is until JIT compiled into data cache then triggered an instruction cache update. Are we sure that DARPA knows what they are doing? Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Freelancer Not the first Steven_Casselman   6/9/2017 2:29:08 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate DRC computer show a fpga based graph processor at SC 20115.   https://youtu.be/DZZuur8LXOY   Darpa can just go out buy stuff instead of paying big bucks to have someone reinvent the wheel. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: Can anyone give me a hint why this is a CPU issue rather than a memory access time issue? R_Colin_Johnson   6/9/2017 2:27:49 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate You are right. DARPA agrees that it is a memory access time problem--in particular random access time of 8-byte data points. DARPA claims that today's processors fill large caches quickly, but the sparse packing of relevant Big Data is in the 8-byte range making the moving of large blocks a waste of energy. Beside parallel access to global memory, it has added independent scratch pad memories to all cores so they can simultaneously grab 8-byte data points from global memory, process them in local memory, return their results and repeat. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: not first non-von machine elizabethsimon   6/9/2017 2:08:54 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate @Karl ...It sure looks like both data and instructions are in the same memory. The AVR is Harvard architecture. See the following web site... http://www.avr-tutorials.com/general/avr-memory-map The 8051 is also Harvard architecture. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: not first non-von machine KarlS01   6/9/2017 12:46:20 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate @dvhw:  Could you please explain why the AVR is non von?  It looks like just another RISC because only loads and stores access memory for data, and of course I fetches are from memory.  It sure looks like both data and instructions are in the same memory. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Can anyone give me a hint why this is a CPU issue rather than a memory access time issue? KarlS01   6/9/2017 11:49:57 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Memory access time has been key ever since computers were invented.  It looks like they think that access time is inversely proportional to data width.  It is the time to access the first byte that is the killer -- the streaming time for the remaining data is overlapped with the access time for the next access, therefore hidden. Too bad the focus is not on the real problem based on distance and speed of light. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: not first non-von machine dvhw@abscott.com   6/9/2017 10:43:07 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate The Atmel AVR is a failure?  That's news to me! Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: not first non-von machine R_Colin_Johnson   6/9/2017 10:23:43 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Yes there have been many other attempts to buid non von Neumann computers, but DARPA claims they have all failed. They also claim they will keep working on it until they succeed because it is a "Hard-to-Do: Must Do" to solve Big Data. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Page 1 / 2   >   >> Most Recent Comments                 6/9/2017 11:52:37 PM resistion The price of a 3D XPoint chip is not easy to pin down, since it is not sold standalone (yet). But 20 nm DRAM does not have as many SADP layers and the materials are less exotic,... 6/9/2017 11:52:37 PM resistion The price of a 3D XPoint chip is not easy to pin down, since it is not sold standalone (yet). But 20 nm DRAM does not have as many SADP layers and the materials are less exotic,... 6/9/2017 10:43:05 PM double-o-nothing 3D XPoint expected cheaper than DRAM: http://www.computerworld.com/article/3194147/data-storage/faq-3d-xpoint-memory-nand-flash-killer-or-dram-replacement.html 6/9/2017 10:28:34 PM double-o-nothing The introduction of 8LPP, 10LPU and 10LPP in same year or within a year of one another is very confusing. The 10LPU and 8LPP look particularly to be contradictions. Also, it appears... 6/9/2017 5:55:33 PM jamestate The Windows ARM x86 emulation solution is hardly new. Windows NT on Alpha had Digital's FX!32 32-bit x86 emulator. Despite Alpha having, at the time, a considerable performance... 6/9/2017 4:51:56 PM RyanShrout Your point about AMD is well founded - I forgot to bring that up in the story. AMD owns the x64 portion, which is cross-licenses with Intel.  Suing Transmeta in the day... 6/9/2017 4:08:59 PM Doug_S If they sue they'll sow fear and uncertainty in the market for ARM-based Windows for several years, guaranteeing it goes nowhere. Their patents on basic x86 functionality have... 6/9/2017 3:29:02 PM KarlS01 @Colin:  Pre System/360 high end IBM CPUs had data buffers to try to speed up matrix inversion. Model 85 introduced cache as an improvement.  Meanwhile Models 350 65... 6/9/2017 3:21:31 PM alex_m1 Those kinds of memory access speeds/patterns seem extremely high. Any idea how they will get there ? 6/9/2017 3:10:19 PM KarlS01 @Elizabeth:  Thanks.  The memory map explains it well.  Harvard was used a lot because the program was in ROM, therefore could not store variable data.   Even... Navigate to Related Links IBM Claims 5nm Nanosheet Breakthrough 'Supercomputer-as-a-Service' Model is Born Cray Rolls Clustered Supercomputers for AI Qualcomm Poised to Become MCU Sales Leader? Intel Re-defines Xeons Cartoon Contest June 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: Can You Hear Me Now? "Your caption here!" 59 comments All Cartoons May 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Fun house" After he carelessly pressed the wrong button one time too many, the engineers devised a safe space from which their manager could 'manage'. 77 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  24   IBM Claims 5nm Nanosheet Breakthrough  23   Solid State Batteries Aim to Top Li-ion  22   Where Do You Stand on Science March?  22   Engineering Ed Stuck in the Past  16   DSL Pioneer Describes Terabit Future  15   AMD Goes Epyc for Data Centers  14   NI's New CEO: Automotive To Be Key Opportunity  14   Macron, Innovator Beyond Politics  14   Tablet Shipments Decline for 10th Straight ...  14   Qualcomm: Apple's Real iPhone Competitor  24   IBM Claims 5nm Nanosheet Breakthrough  11   DARPA Funds Development of New Type of ...  7   Intel 3D XPoint Found in Optane Module  7   Apple, Amazon to Join Foxconn's Toshiba Bid  4   Intels Passenger Economy: Whats the Point?  4   Apple Turns Up Speakers, AR  4   A Big Howdy Doody from EEWeb  3   IBM Optics Go CMOS  3   Intel May Sue Msoft over Emulation  2   PCI Express Preps Shift to 32G Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" ASPENCORE NETWORK EBN | EDN | EE Times | EEWeb | Electronic Products | Electronics-Tutorials | Embedded | Planet Analog | ElectroSchematics | Power Electronics News | TechOnline | Datasheets.com | Embedded Control Europe | Embedded Know How | Embedded News | IOT Design Zone | Motor Control Design | Electronics Know How | GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia | EE Times China | EE Times India | EE Times Japan | EE Times Taiwan | EDN Asia | EDN China | EDN Taiwan | EDN Japan | ESM China | Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   DeviceGuru Blog Network Press Release Receive press releases from DeviceGuru Blog Network: By Email RSS Feeds: Annual Survey of Hacker-Friendly Single Board Computers Launches Palo Alto, CA, June 09, 2017 --(PR.com)-- LinuxGizmos.com and Linux.com have launched their third annual survey of sub-$200, hacker-friendly single board computers (SBCs) that run Linux or Android, supported by a comprehensive catalog of 98 SBCs, along with a google docs spreadsheet comparing all the boards. Participants in the survey can win one of 27 prizes from a random drawing. "Pick your favorites from our catalog of 98, sub-$200, hacker-friendly single board computers that run Linux or Android, and you could win one of 27 prizes," stated Rick Lehrbaum, LinuxGizmos.com Founder and Editor in Chief. A collaboration between LinuxGizmos.com, a website of the DeviceGuru Blog Network, and Linux.com, the community site of the Linux Foundation, this third annual reader survey of open-source, Linux- or Android-ready single board computers priced under $200, invites makers, hackers, and professional developers to rate 98 single board computers in a brief, 3-minute survey hosted at SurveyMonkey.com. The survey involves choosing three favorites from a list of 98 SBCs, and answering several questions on key buying criteria and intended applications. "By completing the survey, particiants will earn a chance to be among 27 randomly selected winners who will receive free SBCs generously donated to the survey by Aaeon, Arduino, BeagleBoard.org, Gumstix, Intel, and Qualcomm," said Lehrbaum. To aid in rating the SBCs, LinuxGizmos.com has published a catalog with summary features and specifications of the survey's 98 SBCs, along with a detailed quick-reference spreadsheet that compares key features of all the boards. "This year's survey's prizes include the Arduino Uno WiFi, several BeagleBoard.org BeagleBone’s including the new BeagleBone Blue, Arrow’s Qualcomm-backed DragonBoard 410c, the Gumstix Pepper DVI-D, ADI’s Intel-backed MinnowBoard Turbot Quad-core, and several Aaeon UP board models including the new UP Squared, as well as one of the first UP Core boards, which has just launched on Kickstarter," said Lehrbaum. For further details visit http://linuxgizmos.com/2017-survey-of-98-hacker-friendly-sbcs/ or contact the DeviceGuru Blog Network (deviceguru.com). About the DeviceGuru Blog Network The DeviceGuru Blog Network publishes LinuxGizmos.com, a popular website that features timely news and analysis regarding the latest embedded hardware, software, protocols, and standards that are being incorporated into embedded, mobile, and Internet of Things, applications, and the LinuxDevices.com Archive, which contains more than 15,000 news items and articles previously published by LinuxDevices.com and documenting a dozen years of early embedded Linux history. All company and product names mentioned herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. Contact Information DeviceGuru.com Rick Lehrbaum 1-650-681-9432 Contact DeviceGuru.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from DeviceGuru Blog Network Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Skip to content Home Subscribe Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires Breitbart London Breitbart Jerusalem Breitbart Texas Breitbart California STORE Facebook Twitter RSS McCain Lights Up Social Media with Comey Questioning: ‘Shouldn’t Stay Up Late Watching the Diamondbacks’ by Penny Starr8 Jun 20170 8 Jun, 2017 8 Jun, 2017 SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Social Media and news outlets had a field day with Sen. John McCain’s (R-AZ) questions to fired FBI Director James Comey during his appearance before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday, leading to the senator blaming his late night viewing of the Arizona Diamondbacks for his confusing inquiry. We should be concerned for John McCain, not make jokes about his age or health. #ComeyDay — Eugene Gu, MD (@eugenegu) June 8, 2017 Replay of John McCain questioning Comey:#ComeyDay pic.twitter.com/YaqZKoT5Ci — Nick Jack Pappas (@Pappiness) June 8, 2017 John McCain reminded me of very senior faculty who seem barely present at seminars. Except he's a senator at a key Intel Committee hearing. — Lego Grad Student (@legogradstudent) June 8, 2017 “During a hard-to-follow line of questioning, McCain pressed Comey about his investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s email use,” the L.A. Times reported. “She was clearly involved in this whole situation where fake news, as you just described it, ‘big deal,’ took place,” McCain said. “You’re going to have to help me out here.” “In other words, we’re complete — the investigation of anything that former Secretary Clinton had to do with a campaign is over, and we don’t have to worry about it anymore?” McCain said. Comey seemed confused at the line of questioning, and not long after the hearing ended McCain issued a statement: I get the sense from Twitter that my line of questioning today went over people’s heads. Maybe going forward I shouldn’t stay up late watching the Diamondbacks night games. What I was trying to get at was whether Mr. Comey believes that any of his interactions with the President rise to the level of obstruction of justice. In the case of Secretary Clinton’s emails, Mr. Comey was willing to step beyond his role as an investigator and state his belief about what ‘no reasonable prosecutor’ would conclude about the evidence. I wanted Mr. Comey to apply the same approach to the key question surrounding his interactions with President Trump—whether or not the President’s conduct constitutes obstruction of justice. While I missed an opportunity in today’s hearing, I still believe this question is important, and I intend to submit it in writing to Mr. Comey for the record. Meanwhile, the Diamondbacks tweeted a gif about one of their biggest fans. #DbacksWin! pic.twitter.com/pM5BGp8ja5 — Arizona Diamondbacks (@Dbacks) June 8, 2017 Read More Stories About: Big Government, Arizona Diamondbacks, FBI, James Comey, Sen. John McCain (R.-Ariz.) Comment count on this article reflects comments made on Breitbart.com and Facebook. Visit Breitbart's Facebook Page. BREITBART CONNECT Sign Up For Our Newsletter MOST POPULAR Congressional Investigators Probe James Comey Leak Network0 comments - 2 hours ago Livewire: UK Snap Election Results0 comments - 1 day ago 125,000 ‘DACA’ Illegals Got Work Permits Since January0 comments - 10 hours ago Chelsea Manning Thanks Obama in First Post-Release Interview: ‘I’ve Been Given a Chance’0 comments - 5 hours ago CNN Drops Reza Aslan Series After Vulgar Anti-Trump Tweets0 comments - 11 hours ago Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand: “If We Are Not Helping People, We Should Go the F*ck Home”0 comments - 14 hours ago COVFEFE LIVEWIRE: Comey Crazy Sweeps Washington… Breitbart Live From Union Pub0 comments - 2 days ago CNN, NYT Reporters Whine After Trump WH Relegates Them to ‘Siberia’ Section0 comments - 4 hours ago President Trump’s Lawyer: ‘Leaker’ Comey ‘Retaliatory’ in ‘Unauthorized Disclosures’ to Press of ‘Privileged Communications with the President’0 comments - 1 day ago Trump Empowers States with Massive Permitting Reform in ‘First Step’ to ‘Renewing America’s Roads, Rails, Runways and Rivers’0 comments - 14 hours ago No Outrage In Me... Henry Jeffreys Universal Background Checks, Gun Registries FROM THE HOMEPAGE Congressional Investigators Probe James Comey Leak Network0 Comments Pelosi: When Republicans Voted For Trump, It Was Like ‘Any Mammal Will Do’0 Comments CNN, NYT Reporters Whine After Trump WH Relegates Them to ‘Siberia’ Section0 Comments Chelsea Manning Thanks Obama in First Post-Release Interview: ‘I’ve Been Given a Chance’0 Comments 125,000 ‘DACA’ Illegals Got Work Permits Since January0 Comments Ms. Magazine: When Will Wonder Woman Be a ‘Fat Femme Woman of Color’?0 Comments Sheriff: Be Armed, Be Mentally Prepared, Make Terrorists Defend Their Lives for a Change0 Comments Ramadan Rage 2017 Hits Grim Milestone: 1,003 Dead, 1,036 Wounded0 Comments House Committee to James Comey: Hand Over the Memos0 Comments New York, Michigan Men Charged with Supporting Hezbollah Terrorists0 Comments Money Pours into Georgia’s 6th Congressional District Special Election as Former ‘Bellwether’ Turns Budget Buster Toss-Up0 Comments VIDEO: Suspect Draws Gun, Gets Shot Multiple Times in Store Where Everyone Was Armed0 Comments Send A Tip Send A Tip advertisement Copyright © 2017 Breitbart Advertise With Us EXPLORE BREITBART Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires London Jerusalem Texas California The Conversation Privacy Policy Terms of Use Breitbart Jobs Connect Facebook Twitter RSS Send us a tip SUBSCRIBE TO THE BREITBART NEWSLETTERSwitch to Full Site Copyright © 2017 Breitbart
Digital Trends Home > Computing > Pre-order Samsung’s slim Notebook 9 Pro… Pre-order Samsung’s slim Notebook 9 Pro 2-in-1 at Best Buy on June 11 By Kevin Parrish — Updated June 8, 2017 1:26 pm Subscribe Share These are the 10 greatest Porsches ever made The 50 best NES games of all time Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you Customers looking for a thin and light 2-in-1 device will have two options starting June 11, with Samsung's Notebook 9 Pro in 13.3- and 15-inch models. Samsung said on Thursday that customers can pre-purchase the upcoming Notebook 9 Pro 2-in-1 device on Best Buy’s website starting Sunday, June 11. Hitting retail shelves on June 26, it will be sold in two sizes and pack a seventh-generation Intel Core i7-7500U processor into a Titan Silver-themed form factor measuring as thin as 0.63 inches thick. Both will ship with Samsung’s battery-free S Pen peripheral. Here are the set specifications for both models: Notebook 9 Pro 13 Notebook 9 Pro 15 Screen size: 13.3 inches 15 inches Screen resolution: 1920 x 1080 1920 x 1080 Touch support: Yes Yes Processor: Intel Core i7-7500U Graphics: Intel HD Graphics 620 AMD Radeon RX 540 (2GB) System memory: 8GB DDR4 16GB DDR4 Storage: 256GB SSD Connectivity: Wireless AC (2×2) (up to 867Gbps) Bluetooth 4.1 Camera: 720p HD Camera Infrared camera Audio: 2x 1.5-watt SoundAlive speakers Internal dual array microphone Keyboard: Island-type Backlit 1.5mm travel distance Ports: 2x USB 3.1 Gen1 Type-A 1x USB 3.1 Gen1 Type-C 1x HDMI 1x Microphone/headphone jack 1x MicroSD card reader Battery: 54 watt-hour Dimensions (inches): 12.21 x 8.54 x 0.63 13.67 x 9.41 x 0.67 AC Adapter: 40-watt 60-watt Weight: 2.91 pounds 3.79 pounds Operating system: Windows 10 Home Color: Titan Silver Included input: S Pen Availability: June 26 Price: $1,100 $1,300 Samsung’s Notebook 9 Pro 2-in-1 includes a 360-degree hinge enabling four modes: Notebook, tablet, stand, and tent. It complements the company’s RealView Display sporting wide viewing angles and two specific brightness levels: a bright 350 nits in Normal Mode, and an even brighter 450 nits in Outdoor Mode. The specifications also list a 720p HD webcam and an IR camera, the latter of which presumably supports Windows Hello’s facial recognition feature. Note that the 13.3-inch model relies on the integrated graphics component in Intel’s Core i7 processor while the 15-inch model has a discrete Radeon RX 540 graphics chip from AMD. For PC gamers, the Radeon chip is the better option, as it has a speed of up to 1,219MHz compared to Intel’s integrated component with a maximum speed of 1,050MHz. The discrete AMD graphics chip also has 2GB of dedicated video memory. Samsung’s S Pen is parked in a special slot at the front of the 2-in-1 device. It measures 4.5 inches long and includes a 0.7mm tip that supports more than 4,000 levels of pressure. Once users remove this pen from its designated slot, Samsung’s Air Command interface automatically launches, providing tools for taking on-screen handwritten notes, edit documents, select items on-screen, and more. “The Notebook 9 Pro is a revolutionary extension of Samsung’s notebook line, designed for today’s multitasking professional,” said Alanna Cotton, vice president and general manager of product marketing at Samsung Electronics America. “With the Notebook 9 Pro, we’ve delivered our most versatile PC yet — a powerful laptop with an embedded S Pen that delivers function, performance, and design in one device.” As previously stated, Best Buy customers can prepurchase either Notebook 9 Pro 2-in-1 device online starting June 11, with the 13.3-inch model costing $1,100 and the 15-inch model costing $1,300. Both 2-in-1 devices will officially hit retail shelves on June 26.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav IoT Platforms Market 2017: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segmentation, Key Players Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Summary: Orbis Research delivers key insights on the United States IoT Platforms Market in a new report titled “United States IoT Platforms Market by Manufacturers, States, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022” In this report, Orbis Research sheds light on the various factors and trends impacting market growth over the forecast period (2017 – 2022). Scope of the United States IoT Platforms Market Report This report focuses on the IoT Platforms in United States market, to split the market based on manufacturers, states, type and application. Request a Sample of this Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/317502     This report covers Analysis of United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by Manufacturers PTC (ThingWorx) Cisco (Jasper) Microsoft Google IBM Intel SAP Oracle Amazon Telit General Electric Gemalto Zebra Technologies AT&T Xively (LogMeIn) Aeris Exosite Particle Ayla Networks relayr Bosch Software Innovations Teezle Browse the full Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/united-states-iot-platforms-market-by-manufacturers-states-type-and-application-forecast-to-2022     United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by regional analysis covers  California Texas New York Florida Illinois United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by Types Type 1 Type 2 United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into  Home Automation Wearable Technology Smart City Industrial Automation Connected Transportation Healthcare Others Market an enquirer before buying this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/317502         Some of the Points cover in United States IoT Platforms Market Research Report is: Chapter 1: Describe IoT Platforms Industry Introduction, Product Scope, Market Overview, Market Opportunities, Market Risk, Market Driving Force Chapter 2: To analyze the top manufacturers of IoT Platforms Industry in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and price Chapter 3: Competitive analysis among the top manufacturers in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 4: United States IoT Platforms Market by regions from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 5, 6, 7 and 8: United States IoT Platforms Market by key countries in these regions Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 9 and 10: United States IoT Platforms Market by type and application from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Growth rate Chapter 11: IoT Platforms Industry Market forecast from 2017 to 2022 Regions Type and application with sales and revenue Chapter 12 and 13: IoT Platforms Industry Sales channel Distributors Traders and dealers Appendix Data source About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas -75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Unmanned Surface Vehicle Market Growth Opportunities, Analysis and Forecasts Report 2017-2021 Next PostNext Mobile Map Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2021 Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav IoT Platforms Market 2017: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segmentation, Key Players Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Summary: Orbis Research delivers key insights on the United States IoT Platforms Market in a new report titled “United States IoT Platforms Market by Manufacturers, States, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022” In this report, Orbis Research sheds light on the various factors and trends impacting market growth over the forecast period (2017 – 2022). Scope of the United States IoT Platforms Market Report This report focuses on the IoT Platforms in United States market, to split the market based on manufacturers, states, type and application. Request a Sample of this Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/317502     This report covers Analysis of United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by Manufacturers PTC (ThingWorx) Cisco (Jasper) Microsoft Google IBM Intel SAP Oracle Amazon Telit General Electric Gemalto Zebra Technologies AT&T Xively (LogMeIn) Aeris Exosite Particle Ayla Networks relayr Bosch Software Innovations Teezle Browse the full Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/united-states-iot-platforms-market-by-manufacturers-states-type-and-application-forecast-to-2022     United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by regional analysis covers  California Texas New York Florida Illinois United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by Types Type 1 Type 2 United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into  Home Automation Wearable Technology Smart City Industrial Automation Connected Transportation Healthcare Others Market an enquirer before buying this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/317502         Some of the Points cover in United States IoT Platforms Market Research Report is: Chapter 1: Describe IoT Platforms Industry Introduction, Product Scope, Market Overview, Market Opportunities, Market Risk, Market Driving Force Chapter 2: To analyze the top manufacturers of IoT Platforms Industry in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and price Chapter 3: Competitive analysis among the top manufacturers in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 4: United States IoT Platforms Market by regions from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 5, 6, 7 and 8: United States IoT Platforms Market by key countries in these regions Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 9 and 10: United States IoT Platforms Market by type and application from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Growth rate Chapter 11: IoT Platforms Industry Market forecast from 2017 to 2022 Regions Type and application with sales and revenue Chapter 12 and 13: IoT Platforms Industry Sales channel Distributors Traders and dealers Appendix Data source About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas -75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Unmanned Surface Vehicle Market Growth Opportunities, Analysis and Forecasts Report 2017-2021 Next PostNext Mobile Map Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2021 Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav IoT Platforms Market 2017: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segmentation, Key Players Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Summary: Orbis Research delivers key insights on the United States IoT Platforms Market in a new report titled “United States IoT Platforms Market by Manufacturers, States, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022” In this report, Orbis Research sheds light on the various factors and trends impacting market growth over the forecast period (2017 – 2022). Scope of the United States IoT Platforms Market Report This report focuses on the IoT Platforms in United States market, to split the market based on manufacturers, states, type and application. Request a Sample of this Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/317502     This report covers Analysis of United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by Manufacturers PTC (ThingWorx) Cisco (Jasper) Microsoft Google IBM Intel SAP Oracle Amazon Telit General Electric Gemalto Zebra Technologies AT&T Xively (LogMeIn) Aeris Exosite Particle Ayla Networks relayr Bosch Software Innovations Teezle Browse the full Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/united-states-iot-platforms-market-by-manufacturers-states-type-and-application-forecast-to-2022     United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by regional analysis covers  California Texas New York Florida Illinois United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by Types Type 1 Type 2 United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into  Home Automation Wearable Technology Smart City Industrial Automation Connected Transportation Healthcare Others Market an enquirer before buying this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/317502         Some of the Points cover in United States IoT Platforms Market Research Report is: Chapter 1: Describe IoT Platforms Industry Introduction, Product Scope, Market Overview, Market Opportunities, Market Risk, Market Driving Force Chapter 2: To analyze the top manufacturers of IoT Platforms Industry in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and price Chapter 3: Competitive analysis among the top manufacturers in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 4: United States IoT Platforms Market by regions from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 5, 6, 7 and 8: United States IoT Platforms Market by key countries in these regions Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 9 and 10: United States IoT Platforms Market by type and application from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Growth rate Chapter 11: IoT Platforms Industry Market forecast from 2017 to 2022 Regions Type and application with sales and revenue Chapter 12 and 13: IoT Platforms Industry Sales channel Distributors Traders and dealers Appendix Data source About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas -75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Unmanned Surface Vehicle Market Growth Opportunities, Analysis and Forecasts Report 2017-2021 Next PostNext Mobile Map Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2021 Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav IoT Platforms Market 2017: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segmentation, Key Players Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Summary: Orbis Research delivers key insights on the United States IoT Platforms Market in a new report titled “United States IoT Platforms Market by Manufacturers, States, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022” In this report, Orbis Research sheds light on the various factors and trends impacting market growth over the forecast period (2017 – 2022). Scope of the United States IoT Platforms Market Report This report focuses on the IoT Platforms in United States market, to split the market based on manufacturers, states, type and application. Request a Sample of this Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/317502     This report covers Analysis of United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by Manufacturers PTC (ThingWorx) Cisco (Jasper) Microsoft Google IBM Intel SAP Oracle Amazon Telit General Electric Gemalto Zebra Technologies AT&T Xively (LogMeIn) Aeris Exosite Particle Ayla Networks relayr Bosch Software Innovations Teezle Browse the full Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/united-states-iot-platforms-market-by-manufacturers-states-type-and-application-forecast-to-2022     United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by regional analysis covers  California Texas New York Florida Illinois United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by Types Type 1 Type 2 United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into  Home Automation Wearable Technology Smart City Industrial Automation Connected Transportation Healthcare Others Market an enquirer before buying this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/317502         Some of the Points cover in United States IoT Platforms Market Research Report is: Chapter 1: Describe IoT Platforms Industry Introduction, Product Scope, Market Overview, Market Opportunities, Market Risk, Market Driving Force Chapter 2: To analyze the top manufacturers of IoT Platforms Industry in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and price Chapter 3: Competitive analysis among the top manufacturers in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 4: United States IoT Platforms Market by regions from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 5, 6, 7 and 8: United States IoT Platforms Market by key countries in these regions Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 9 and 10: United States IoT Platforms Market by type and application from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Growth rate Chapter 11: IoT Platforms Industry Market forecast from 2017 to 2022 Regions Type and application with sales and revenue Chapter 12 and 13: IoT Platforms Industry Sales channel Distributors Traders and dealers Appendix Data source About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas -75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Unmanned Surface Vehicle Market Growth Opportunities, Analysis and Forecasts Report 2017-2021 Next PostNext Mobile Map Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2021 Posted on 9 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav IoT Platforms Market 2017: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segmentation, Key Players Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Summary: Orbis Research delivers key insights on the United States IoT Platforms Market in a new report titled “United States IoT Platforms Market by Manufacturers, States, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022” In this report, Orbis Research sheds light on the various factors and trends impacting market growth over the forecast period (2017 – 2022). Scope of the United States IoT Platforms Market Report This report focuses on the IoT Platforms in United States market, to split the market based on manufacturers, states, type and application. Request a Sample of this Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/317502     This report covers Analysis of United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by Manufacturers PTC (ThingWorx) Cisco (Jasper) Microsoft Google IBM Intel SAP Oracle Amazon Telit General Electric Gemalto Zebra Technologies AT&T Xively (LogMeIn) Aeris Exosite Particle Ayla Networks relayr Bosch Software Innovations Teezle Browse the full Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/united-states-iot-platforms-market-by-manufacturers-states-type-and-application-forecast-to-2022     United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by regional analysis covers  California Texas New York Florida Illinois United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by Types Type 1 Type 2 United States IoT Platforms Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into  Home Automation Wearable Technology Smart City Industrial Automation Connected Transportation Healthcare Others Market an enquirer before buying this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/317502         Some of the Points cover in United States IoT Platforms Market Research Report is: Chapter 1: Describe IoT Platforms Industry Introduction, Product Scope, Market Overview, Market Opportunities, Market Risk, Market Driving Force Chapter 2: To analyze the top manufacturers of IoT Platforms Industry in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and price Chapter 3: Competitive analysis among the top manufacturers in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 4: United States IoT Platforms Market by regions from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 5, 6, 7 and 8: United States IoT Platforms Market by key countries in these regions Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 9 and 10: United States IoT Platforms Market by type and application from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Growth rate Chapter 11: IoT Platforms Industry Market forecast from 2017 to 2022 Regions Type and application with sales and revenue Chapter 12 and 13: IoT Platforms Industry Sales channel Distributors Traders and dealers Appendix Data source About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas -75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Unmanned Surface Vehicle Market Growth Opportunities, Analysis and Forecasts Report 2017-2021 Next PostNext Mobile Map Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2021 Search Recent Posts Benzyl Bromide Market Research 2017; Region Wise Analysis of Top Players in Market by its Types and Application Common Grade Medical Protective Masks Market : Trend Expected to Guide from 2017-2022: Growth Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application Water-based Pressure-sensitive Adhesives Market Research 2017; Region Wise Analysis of Top Players in Market by its Types and Application Titanium Spongees Market : Trend Expected to Guide from 2017-2022: Growth Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application Titanium Spongees Market : Trend Expected to Guide from 2017-2022: Growth Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Authors News Products Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Internet Industrial Networking M2M Sensors Human Interface Embedded TechCon More… Test and Measurement Smart Energy Webcasts E-Letter ARBOR Releases New Industrial Panel PCs with Intel(r) 6th Gen Skylake Platform ARBOR - Leave a Comment The fanless and cableless ASLAN-W9xxC series offers a variety of models differentiated in terms of their display size, I/O interface and mechanical chassis. May 23, 2017 – Taipei –ARBOR Technology, a leading provider of embedded computing solutions, is pleased to announce the newly launched ARBOR ASLAN-W9xxC Series, an expansion to its acclaimed ASLAN series industrial Panel PC. The ASLAN-W9xxC Series is powered by a 2.4GHz Intel® Core i5-6300U™ processor, and supports 4GB DDR4 SO-DIMM system memory. Based on Intel’s 6th Gen Skylake Core processor platform, the series provides low power consumption and plenty of performance for demanding applications and multitasking. The standard ASLAN-W9xxC models come with 16:9 aspect ratio widescreen displays ranging in size from 10.1 inch to 21.5 inch. In addition, a 17” 4:3 aspect ratio model (ASLAN-917R) and a 21.5-inch full IP65 stainless model (ASLAN-W922C-IP) are also available, extending the series’ range of industrial applications. Differentiated in terms of display size, I/O interface and mechanical chassis, all ASLAN units have USB, RJ-45 and COM ports, and provide mini PCIe expansion slots and SMA antenna holes for optional wireless connectivity. The ASLAN series is well-suited for industrial automation, building automation, process control and custom HMI applications. Thanks to its stainless steel chassis and waterproof connectors, the ASLAN-W922C-IP model is ideal for deployments in chemical and food industries where ease of cleaning and disinfection as well as toughness and durability are major prerequisites. The new ASLAN series Panel PCs support panel mounting and/or VESA-100 mounting installation. All carry CE and FCC Class A declarations of conformity, certifying compliance with the highest standards in safety, protection and security. For more information about ASLAN-W9xxC models, and to view and/or download product specifications, visit here. Please contact your local sales representative for more information, or email ARBOR at sales@arbor-technology.com ### About ARBOR ARBOR Technology Corp., founded in 1993, is a leading provider of Smart City and IoT solutions. With more than 20 years of experience in providing customer-driven, high performance, and industrial strength computing solutions in various industries, ARBOR provides complete solutions from board to system, computing to communication, in healthcare, transportation, industrial automation, mobile computing, digital signage, retail, intelligent building, and home. ARBOR is ISO-9001, ISO-13485 and ISO-14001-certified and is committed to well-defined production processes and delivering the highest quality products compliant with all pertaining international standards. More information about ARBOR is available at www.arbor-technology.com/ Topics covered in this article industrial automation multitasking Industrial panel pc wireless Advertisement Industrial Embedded Systems Articles White Papers Authors News Products © MMXVII Industrial Embedded Systems An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit News and Products Contact Last updated: Wed, 31 May 2017 16:17:43 +0000
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Google Electronics drones Google tests air traffic control system for drones It can automatically manage the flight path of multiple different drones and plan new routes as needed By Jose Vilches on Jun 8, 2017, 6:30 PM TechSpot Google parent company Alphabet just shared a key update in its efforts to make drone delivery a reality. Project Wing, its experimental drone delivery project operating under the company’s secretive ‘moonshot factory’ simply dubbed X, has successfully deployed a prototype drone control system capable of managing flight paths for multiple drones from different providers at the same time. The tests were organized by NASA and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and included three of Wing's delivery drones, flown by one person; two Intel Aero Ready to Fly drones flown by another person and an automated DJI Inspire drone doing a search and rescue mission. Wing's co-leader James Ryan Burgess explains, "Operators have historically had to steer their aircraft away from obstacles manually; instead, we demonstrated yesterday that our UTM (UAS Air Traffic Management) platform can automatically manage the flight paths of all these different types of UAS, planning new, clear routes for each aircraft if and when conflicts arise." The system leans heavily on other Google products like Maps, Earth and Street View to navigate drones around obstacles and plan routes. There’s a lot of work to be done before authorities clear commercial use for widespread drone deliveries, but this is a big step in the right direction. Going forward Wing will be looking to add support for more simultaneous flights and testing traffic in more complex environments — though not likely in urban areas just yet. Google is not alone in testing a traffic control system from drones. NASA showed off its own drone navigation system in 2015, while Amazon, Uber, GoPro and Airmap are all working on their own solutions. Related Reads Google readies its own health and fitness tracking platform, dubbed Google Fit Google removes Google+ integration from the Play Store, tests new features Google finally reveals how much it paid the student who briefly owned Google.com Post a comment 53 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Optoma announces sub-$2,000 projector with 4K resolution Australia's sting operation caught Apple technicians lying red-handed Asus 35" ROG Swift PG35VQ: quantum dots and 200Hz refresh rate Popular Corsair Glaive RGB Gaming Mouse Review Tips for Playing PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Security Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Networking Cloud Storage DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Events Calendar Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter Wind River Teaming with Nation's Largest Transportation Proving Grounds, Ohio State University, and Central Ohio Region to Develop, Test Smart Connected and Autonomous Technologies Wind River - Leave a Comment • Intel(r) subsidiary Wind River(r); Transportation Research Center (TRC); Ohio State University; and Dublin, Ohio are looking to advance safe and secure technologies for self-driving and connected vehicle technologies. • The first phase of the Wind River-led program envisions the creation of "rolling lab" test vehicles developed with Ohio State engineering students and faculty. • TRC, the nation's largest independent vehicle test facility, is set to be the proving ground, providing strategies for testing and validating connected and autonomous vehicle technologies. Wind River®, a subsidiary of Intel® Corporation and a leader in delivering software for the Internet of Things (IoT), has engaged with the Transportation Research Center (TRC), The Ohio State University (OSU), and the City of Dublin to advance smart, connected, and autonomous technologies. The planned collaboration—focused around the Columbus region in central Ohio—aims to accelerate learning in the automotive community. The group looks to develop strategies and technologies that safely and securely increase the pace, quality, development, testing, and deployment of self-driving and other connected vehicle technologies. “The Central Ohio region is an emerging hub for smart city and smart vehicle technologies, and our unique ensemble approach—uniting minds from academia, the public sector, and the tech industry—can set a standard for how communities can innovate mobility and use the learnings to impact vehicle development and deployment best practices,” said Marques McCammon, general manager of Connected Vehicle Solutions at Wind River. “To realize autonomous driving for the masses, a variety of players must come together with an aligned understanding.” “Software is core to today’s automobile, and the automobile is a central part of our communities, so it is essential to be highly inclusive and collaborative when undertaking autonomous research. This makes a city like Dublin—which embraces technology and is already one of the most connected smart cities in the U.S.—such a natural partner,” adds McCammon. The group is planning to test emerging technologies to discover how a symbiotic relationship between vehicles and infrastructure can improve the lives of community residents. In addition to the self-driving cars themselves, the group plans to test technologies such as vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure communication, connected vehicle cockpit software, smart sensing and mapping, and the associated data collection. With Ohio State students, researchers, and faculty to play a key role, the collaboration is also intended to further develop the next generation of expert automotive minds. The key objective for the project’s initial phase includes joint development and testing of autonomous vehicles or “rolling laboratories.” Applying its expertise from the aerospace and defense, industrial, and automotive industries, Wind River plans to spearhead the project development and contribute its proven software for safety-critical systems. TRC is the largest independent proving ground and vehicle testing organization in the Americas. It is home to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) Vehicle Research and Test Center and acts as a one-stop research and development source for the entire auto industry. With expertise in areas such as crash, emissions, and durability testing, TRC can lead the validation process for the collaboration’s vehicles and be the hub for build and rigorous testing on its 4,500 acres of road courses and 7.5-mile high-speed oval. Dublin, which has created high-speed connectivity for its businesses through more than 125 miles of underground fiber optics, is one of the end points for the 33 Smart Corridor —35 miles of highway between Dublin and East Liberty (northwest of Columbus), where the Ohio Department of Transportation is equipping high-capacity fiber-optic cable to link researchers with data from sensors along the road. The 33 Smart Corridor is primed to safely test technologies that can transform the way people and products are transported in Ohio and around the globe. The OSU Center for Automotive Research (CAR) team can provide hands-on support, leveraging its experience in autonomous vehicle research. OSU CAR focuses on energy, safety, and the environment, with an aim to improve sustainable mobility. With a concentration on preparing the next generation of automotive leaders, CAR emphasizes systems engineering, advanced and unique experimental facilities, collaboration on advanced product development projects with industry, and a balance of government and privately sponsored research. In the planned collaboration, CAR faculty and students would be instrumental in the algorithm development and integration of the collaboration’s test vehicles. In addition to supplying leadership for the overall program, Wind River can provide its expertise which has served the aerospace, industrial and defense applications for more than three decades. The Wind River portfolio of automotive products, Wind River Helix™ Chassis, includes technologies addressing infotainment, telematics, and digital cluster systems; safety-oriented systems such as advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) and autonomous driving systems; and cloud-based development tools and enhancements for the applications. “From Mars rovers to trains, cars, and commercial and military aircraft, Wind River’s core business is developing and delivering mission-critical software. In exposing Ohio State and its students to this type of software and the processes that support the development of mission-critical applications, we hope their innovations can find a faster path to production,” said McCammon. Additional Quotes: Transportation Research Center “The first autonomous vehicle will be on the highway before the last driver vehicle comes off. So, really, part of the challenge is how do you mix the two. We can mix the two, on purpose in a safe and controlled environment here,” said Mark-Tami Hotta, TRC CEO and president. "Smart mobility, with connected vehicles and enhanced infrastructures, offers greater accessibility and mobility options, reduced road congestion, and more efficient use of natural resources.” The Ohio State University “The Ohio State University has a long history of automotive research, and we welcome the chance to contribute to a project that could affect real change in the way the auto industry and governments address autonomous driving,” said Giorgio Rizzoni, director of the Center for Automotive Research, Ohio State University. “By having our students get mentored by industry experts using state-of-the-art technologies in real-life scenarios, they are gaining priceless experience that can propel them forward on their future path.” The City of Dublin “The City of Dublin embraces innovation for the welfare of our residents. We consider ourselves a start-up, and our product is city. Our work can be a benchmark for the nation in the area of intelligent research to improve safety and increase mobility, as well as address environmental challenges via more efficient transportation,” said Doug McCollough, chief information officer, City of Dublin. “By collaborating with some of the sharpest minds in their respective areas, we can help forge a safe and smart path to grow autonomous driving and, ultimately, a better connected city that enriches the lives of our people.” About Wind River Wind River, an Intel company (NASDAQ: INTC), is a world leader in delivering software for the Internet of Things. The company has been pioneering computing inside embedded devices since 1981, and its technology is found in more than 2 billion products. Wind River offers the industry's most comprehensive embedded software portfolio, supported by world-class global professional services, support, and a broad partner ecosystem. Wind River delivers the technology and expertise that enables the innovation and deployment of safe, secure, and reliable intelligent systems. To learn more, visit Wind River at www.windriver.com. Topics covered in this article vehicle-to-infrastructure vehicle-to-vehicle autonomous driving safety-critical transportation infotainment automobile automotive Telematics Wind River emissions vehicle cluster nhtsa Cloud test ADAS most cars Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVII Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit an Article Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Thu, 08 Jun 2017 04:14:07 +0000
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop iPhone A10X Fusion Benchmark Scores Show Promising iPhone 8 A11 Chip By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on June 9, 2017 01:17 PM With all the new devices released in the market on a regular basis, at least one of them will end up in a benchmark test. Of course, as everyone is familiar with most of Apple’s products, consumers would also want to know how well they perform. And right now, the iPad Pro is getting all the attention as it was just released a few days ago. One crucial thing to note about the new iPad Pro’s A10X Fusion chip is the fact that it shows promising performance for the iPhone 8’s A11 chip. So far, the chip has shown that it can go head to head with Intel’s line of mobile processors; which are installed on the updated MacBooks. The first evidence that shows the raw power one might have on the iPhone 8 is the GeekBench score for the A10X Fusion. Yesterday, there were numerous reports showing the impressive score of the new Apple ARM SoC. The chip on the new iPad Pro managed to grab scores of 3832 and 9091 for single and multicore, respectively. At the moment, the A10X Fusion chip sports a total of six cores per die. Taking this into consideration, if Apple chooses to add two more cores to the A11 chip, consumers could be looking at more than 10000 score on the multicore processing. The 9091 score is impressive enough, but when a multicore score reaches 10000, it is a whole new thing altogether. Apple A10X Fusion chip on the new iPad Pro (via apple.com) Another popular benchmarking tool used by many enthusiasts today is Antutu. This tool is used on almost all mobile devices like a smartphone or a tablet. It can test various features of a device which includes processor and graphics performance. On the said benchmarking tool, the A10X Fusion scored a total of 234082 points. This is a massive improvement in comparison to the iPhone 7’s A10 Fusion chip which managed a meagre 185494 points. To put this into context, that is a 26-percent increase in performance. Furthermore, when compared to the Samsung Galaxy S8, the A10X Fusion is still better by 14 percent. On the subject of the iPhone 8’s A11 SoC, if Apple decides to keep the 26 percent performance boost, consumers could be looking at an Antutu score close to 300000 points. For more updates on the iPhone 8, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also read: iPad Pro 2017: New iPad Pro Shows Impressive Multicore Score on GeekBench A10X Fusion Benchmark Scores Show Promising iPhone 8 A11 Chip June 9th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:A10X Fusion Antuntu scores, A10X Fusion Geekbench scores, featured, iPhone 8 A11 chip Share Tweet Share Share Email Product Super Rude Bear Resurrection VicTsing MM057 2.4G Wireless Portable Mobile Mouse Optical Mice with USB Receiver, 5 Adjustable DPI Levels, 6 Buttons for Notebook, PC, Laptop, Computer, Macbook – Black TOMOKO 87 Key Mechanical Keyboard, Water-Resistant Gaming Keyboard Vtin Over-The-Head Bluetooth Wireless Headset For Drivers SteelSeries QcK Gaming Mouse Pad ASTRO A50 Wireless Headset + Base Station About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured God Of War PS4 Release Date In November Image Is Fake Overwatch Summer Games 2017 Confirmed In Datamine, Lucio Ball Return Still Uncertain Skate 4 Could Be EA’s Unannounced Game For EA Play 2017 God Of War PS4 Release Date In November Image Is Fake Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Overwatch Summer Games 2017 Confirmed In Datamine, Lucio Ball Return Still Uncertain Dataminers have found Overwatch Summer Games 2017 icons in the latest test server update.... Dissidia Final Fantasy NT Story Mode Lacks RPG Elements Square Enix took Final Fantasy fans by surprise recently by revealing that the arcade... Tekken 7 Handles Loot Better Than Injustice 2, But Reveals Its Lack Of Content Unlike Injustice 2, Tekken 7 has a wealth of cosmetic items that can be... Analyst Claims Borderlands 3 Release In Summer 2018, No Red Dead Redemption 2 At E3 2017 Known industry analyst Michael Pachter has made some interesting predictions for E3 2017. Based... Bully 2: Kevin’s Back Jack PS4 Listing Surfaces Online, Release Date In Fall In a surprising bit of news that no one expected, a listing for Bully... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One mobile gaming Sony Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon Ubisoft ps4 Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Overwatch Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 Blizzard iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 9 June 2017 | MYT 11:49 AM Companies which will gain the most from cryptocurrency rush Cryptocurrencies rally spreads - Bloomberg MINING references generally evoke images of picks and shovels. For advocates of bitcoin and the other cryptocurrencies surging in value, the gold may be in the shares of the companies that produce the computer processors and chips used to create the digital currencies in the process that’s become known as mining. Digital coins can only be created by using computers to solve complex mathematical problems. The difficulty increases as more of the problems get solved, prompting the miners to require even more powerful hardware. With digital coin prices soaring, demand for the components is surging as miners are able to recoup their initial investment quicker. A complete mining rig, which is made up of graphics cards, a processor, power supply, memory, cabling and a fan, costs between $2,400 to $3,800 on Amazon.com. The Antminer S9, which is estimated to mine 0.29 bitcoin per month, and retails for $2,795, which means you can break even in about four months with bitcoin at $2,700, without taking into account electricity costs. Miners typically buy complete rigs or build them themselves. The following are some of the companies that make the parts: Nvidia Corp The Santa Clara, California-based company manufactures graphic processing units used by gamers and increasingly, by digital-currency miners. GPUs listed in Nvidia’s website can cost as much as $1,200. The rig-mining market can grow to about $1.3 billion, and with GPUs making up approximately 2/3 of coin mining costs, the demand for GPUs can increase to $875 million, according to a RBC Capital Markets report on June 6. If Nvidia gets half of that, it represents a 10 percent increase on its GPU sales, RBC analyst Mitch Steves said in an interview. The company currently has about 75 percent of the GPU market, according to a Jon Peddie Research report. The complexity of mining bitcoin has increased to the point that GPUs aren’t powerful enough, and miners are mostly using application-specific integrated circuits, or ASICs, which Nvidia and competitor Advanced Micro Devices don’t make. Tech news website Digitimes reported Nvidia and AMD are planning to release GPUs specifically designed to mine bitcoin. Shares of Nvidia have climbed 45 percent this year, and have more then tripled in the past year. Advanced Micro Devices Inc. AMD, as the company is known, also makes graphics cards used for mining ethereum and other coins. The Sunyvale, California-based company’s shares have rallied the most in the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index in the past week, in part thanks to a PCWorld article that said it’s almost “impossible” to get AMD’s Radeon graphics cards after a surge in demand from ethereum miners.  The company also builds the processors typically used to build mining rigs, and its Chief Technology Officer Mark Papermaster said at a Bank of America Merrill Lynch conference its product compete with bigger rival Intel Corp. The shares are up 27 percent in the past month, and have almost tripled over 12 months. Intel Corp. Digital currency mining has the potential to boost demand for Intel’s processors, said Kevin Cassidy, an analyst at Stifel Nicolaus. While AMD CPUs are popular among miners, Intel is the traditional leader in the sector and is taking steps to counter its fledgling rival. The company’s shares have lagged rivals, with a gain of 17 percent in the past year. Micron Technology Inc. Boise, Idaho-based Micron is the largest U.S. maker of memory chips, one of the components of a mining rig, so it also stands to benefit, Cassidy said. Micron shares have surged almost 50 percent this year, and have more then doubled in the past 12 months. - Bloomberg Tags / Keywords: Economy , Forex Related Stories You May Be Interested Astro and Karangkraf set up JV Man vs machine Breath of fresh air: 4 ways to improve air quality at home 10 last-minute IKEA styling tips for Raya Reasons why mums are our heroes 6 places you must visit in your lifetime Others Also Read Exclusive: U.S. special forces helping Philippines troops to end city siege Brand launches campaign to promote hygiene Most sticking with London travel plans Property Related advertisement Latest News Should you date based on credit score? Yes. Palm sees strongest daily gains in a week on stronger soyoil Apple dips after report that future iPhone modems could lag rivals British pound falls after UK election shock, US$ gains US tech stock selloff leaves investors eyeing end of rally, US$68bil wiped off Most Viewed in Business Which banks are next? Some M’sian companies to take a hit from currency drop On Mcoin, Bitcoin and points of investment Apple dips after report that future iPhone modems could lag rivals British pound falls after UK election shock, US$ gains MRCB seeks more strategic tie-ups Chemical companies riding high Ringgit hitting 4.1 to US dollar in second half not unrealistic, says Yeah British pound pounded post-election US tech stock selloff leaves investors eyeing end of rally, US$68bil wiped off advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Sign in | Register | Logout   Virtualization Server Hardware Server Software Open Source Data Center Management Server Operating Systems About Us Server News Tutorials Server Trends Reviews Server Topics Slideshows Newsletter Sign-Up Virtualization Server Hardware Server Software Open Source Data Center Management Server Operating Systems Power and Cooling More Serverwatch.com Server Trends Read more on "Data Center Management Spotlight" » RECOMMENDED MOST POPULAR 1 VMware's Pulse Perfectly Timed for an Increasingly Internet of Things World 2 Security Shortcomings Remain Strong in the World of Virtualization 3 Microsoft and VMware Taking the Threat of 'Containerization Contamination' Seriously 4 Docker Enterprise Edition Arrives to Help Monetize Open-Source Docker 5 Container Self-Driving Technology Gets Turbo-Charged in Tectonic 1 OpenStack Cloud Evolves Beyond Its Python 2.6 Roots 2 VMware's Pulse Perfectly Timed for an Increasingly Internet of Things World 3 Worldwide Server Shipments and Revenue Continue Decline in 1Q17 as Cloud Impact Grows 4 HPE Secures Industry Standard Servers 5 VMware Grows as AWS Service Set to Ramp Up VMware Surges Ahead in the Virtual SAN Sector with vSAN 6.6 By Paul Rubens (Send Email) Posted May 30, 2017 Digg DZone Reddit Slashdot StumbleUpon del.icio.us Facebook FriendFeed Furl Twitter Google VMware's vSAN is growing up. When the company launched the virtual SAN software some three years ago it was a comparatively barebones product developed to provide virtual SAN storage by aggregating the physical directly-attached storage on a cluster of VMWare host nodes and then present it as a shared block-access resource pool. Fast forward to today and VMware vSAN now a much more sophisticated product, having been regularly updated by VMware with new versions offering enhanced features and capabilities. The sixth and most recent version, VMware vSAN 6.6, was announced in mid-April. So what does vSAN 6.6 have to offer? Many things. One of the key changes is increased performance: vSAN 6.6 offers up to 50% better all-flash IOPS performance compared to the previous version, according to the server virtualization technology company. That means performance on the order of 150,000 IOPS per host, which translated means it is certainly no slouch. It will come in handy for mission-critical workloads, and newly validated architectures now provide support for Hadoop, Citrix XenApp, InterSystems Cache, and Splunk. That performance boost is due to the use of "optimized data service algorithms," according to VMware. What exactly does that mean? Specifically, some of these performance enhancements include: Reduced overhead of checksum Improved deduplication and compression De-staging optimizations Object Management improvements iSCSI for vSAN performance improvements vSAN 6.6 also now supports Intel's high speed 3D XPoint-based Optane SSDs, which can help boost the performance of write-intensive applications like big data and streaming analytics. What Else Is New in VMware vSAN 6.6 What else is new? Well, VMware has also beefed up the security of vSAN with some new encryption capabilities. "In order to deploy vSAN and accommodate compliance requirements, some companies require data encryption at rest," Michael Haag, a VMware manager, told Virtually Speaking. As a result, vSAN 6.6 now includes data-at-rest encryption, which is hardware agnostic, so it can be deployed on existing storage hardware (including Optane drives). Things can be kept (relatively) simple using a single key per cluster, which can be managed by standard key management systems. The encryption is dedupe- and compression-aware — basically that means that all three features work together. Which is nice. The latest version of vSAN has also been designed to be far more resilient in the face of hardware failures, according to Haag. For example, it offers enhanced Stretched Clusters with local protection to provide resiliency against both site and local component failures. That means if you lose one site, you are still OK, and you are still good even if one or two nodes then fail at the second site. All this can be yours, VMWare promises rather fuzzily, "for up to 50% less than leading traditional storage solutions." Make of that what you will, and take it with a pinch of salt. And take note that Enhanced Stretched clusters, as well as the new encryption capabilities, are only available in the vSAN Enterprise Edition. There is also a new redundant management plane, meaning it is still possible to manage vSAN storage even if vCenter goes down. That's because each node now has a GUI that is independent of vCenter and enables users to manage storage in the event of a vCenter meltdown. No discussion of anything to do with virtualization is complete these days without a nod to containerization as well, so here goes: there's now a vSphere Docker Volume Driver, so vSAN 6.6 provides snapshotting and cloning capabilities and multi-tenancy for Docker users deploying their Docker containers on vSAN through the Docker API. All in all, it's a big update to vSAN, and it should be available from May 5. Pricing is from $2495 per CPU, with vSAN for Desktop pricing starting at $50 per user. Paul Rubens is a technology journalist and contributor to ServerWatch, EnterpriseNetworkingPlanet and EnterpriseMobileToday. He has also covered technology for international newspapers and magazines including The Economist and The Financial Times since 1991. Follow ServerWatch on Twitter and on Facebook Page 1 of 1 Read more on "Data Center Management Spotlight" » Tags: VMware, VSAN, VMware virtualized systems, vSAN virtual storage area network, VMware vSAN 6.6 0 Comments (click to add your comment) Comment and Contribute Your name/nickname Your email (Maximum characters: 1200). You have characters left.     Thanks for your registration, follow us on our social networks to keep up-to-date
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login Home News E3 2017 E3 press conferences: who what where when why whom By Alice O'Connor on June 8th, 2017 at 8:30 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit E3, the event “as close as this industry gets to Eurovision“, officially begins on Tuesday. Thousands of developers, members of the press, and gawkers will descend upon Los Angeles for the four-day trade show, full of demos, presentations, and questions like “How many guns does this have?” E3 unofficially begins before then, mind, with publishers and platform holders livestreaming presentations from Saturday. Most of the announcements come from these and, as Graham said, they are pretty Eurovision. What to watch and when? Here’s our roundup of E3 livestreams. Electronic Arts Saturday, June 10 12pm Pacific / 3pm Eastern / 8pm UK time / 9pm CEST Watch on Twitch Expect to see Battlefield 1’s In the Name of the Tsar DLC, Star Wars Battlefront II, Need for Speed: Payback, FIFA 18 (did you know Ronaldo’s in it?), and possibly the mysterious Star Wars game being made by Dead Space devs Visceral. Also Madden and all that and whatever. Microsoft Sunday, June 11 2pm Pacific / 5pm Eastern / 10pm UK time / 11pm CEST Watch on Twitch, YouTube, Facebook, and Microsoft’s own Mixer doodad (the rebranded Beam) Blah blah Xbox Project Scorpio blah blah console VR. All Microsoft’s Xbox One games these days seem to also be Windows 10 games so there should be plenty for us. I’d expect to hear about Forzas, Halos, and hopefully Crackdown. It’d seem a good time to announce a release date for pirate ’em up Sea of Thieves too. Bethesda Sunday, June 11 9pm Pacific / midnight Eastern / 5am Monday UK time / 6am Monday CEST Watch on Twitch and YouTube I’m hoping for an hour-long video of B.J. Blazkowicz’s sad eyes blinking and averting their gaze. Devolver Digital Sunday, June 11 10pm Pacific / 1 am Monday Eastern / 6am Monday UK time / 7am Monday CEST Watch on Twitch’s Twitch as part of their First Ever Second Pre Pre Show Devolver Digital swear blind they won’t reveal any new games but they will have Grasshopper Manufacture’s Suda51. That seems a fair trade. PC Gaming Show Monday, June 12 10am Pacific / 1pm Eastern / 6pm UK time / 6pm CEST Watch on Twitch, Mixer, and Facebook The folks at cheery RPS fanzine PC Gamer are hosting their PC Gaming Show this year. We already know something XCOM 2-y will be announced. Intel, Nexon, Bohemia Interactive, Xbox, Tripwire, and Cygames are official partners so I assume they’ll show stuff, but personally I’m hoping the rest of the 17 hours will be people showing off weird mods. Ubisoft Monday, June 12 1pm Pacific / 4pm Eastern / 9pm UK time / 10pm CEST Watch on Twitch and YouTube Ubi’s known games include Far Cry 5, The Crew 2, and South Park, and oh god will they please announce Assassin’s Creed: Origins already this is exhausting. Sony Monday, June 12 5pm Pacific / 8pm Eastern / 1am Tuesday UK time / 2am Tuesday CEST Watch on Twitch and Sony’s own doodad Given that most games are multiplatform these days, Sony will surely show off plenty of third-party games that are also coming to PC. Microsoft and Sony do scrap over publishers to drop hot scloosies in their shows. Nintendo Tuesday, June 13 9am Pacific / noon Eastern / 5pm UK time / 6pm CEST Watch on Twitch and YouTube No, none of Nintendo’s games will come to PC. So? Nintendo’s streams are always full of wonderful things that lift the spirits. I’m always exhausted by this point of E3 (when technically it hasn’t even started) and find this a delight. I haven’t even owned a Nintendo system since the DSi. That’s the bigguns! Obviously a million sites will have their own streaming odds and ends with developers all over. If you’re very lucky, you’ll be able to tune into a livestream of me barely awake at 5am watching streams and talking to the bottle I’ve sworn off. So, gang, what are your bets on this year’s overused buzzwords? ‘Visceral’ is always a safe bet and our Adam thinks ‘authentic’ will do well this year. Oh, and a hot tip: given how many people will be throwing around business terms next week as if they’re Gordon flipping Gekko, you might want to use this Chrome extension which replaces the term ‘IP’ with ‘immense penis’. I’ll settle for pelting pennies at the foreheads of anyone talking about ‘IPs’, ‘titles’, and ‘winning E3’. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 11 Comments 08/06/2017 at 20:39 DevolverDigital says: No new game reveals, just general jackassery. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 21:01 UncleLou says: Eitr and Ruiner release dates, pretty please. The latter is still coming in 2016 according to the website. I checked and all. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 20:51 Kingseeker Camargo says: It’s been a pretty good year so far game release-wise, and I’m pretty sure there’s still a few promising ones just about to drop; so why do all those lineups read so fucking dry? Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 21:20 Nokturnal says: Was just asking that myself. I suspect it’s because this is just the livestreams being listed and, let’s be honest, the big companies just spit out the same shit every year anyway so this lineup was bound to be dry as ever. I’ll just check up on it post-E3 to see the good stuff. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 21:40 KenTWOu says: I really hope this time Ubisoft will finally show us Clint Hocking’s next game as a surprise end of conference new IP announcement. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 21:53 Seyda Neen says: *crosses fingers for Starfield announcement from Bethesda* Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 22:47 kud13 says: As always, I’m hoping (most likely in vain) for the announcement of the next Legacy of Kain game. Beyond that, I’m pleased that about half the conferences are on the weekend, so I might be able to watch some stuff live, instead of having to re-watch them at home after work. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 04:47 Kaeoschassis says: Good lord man, don’t say that. As Kain himself once said “sometimes, you get what you wish for”. And look what happened last time. On the other hand, I ADORED the uncharted series, it’s very obvious Hennig hasn’t lost her touch, so if they ever COULD get her back to do another proper LoK game I would probably combust from excitement… Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 03:17 Ejia says: While I’d love the next Elder Scrolls game to be in fantasy catpeople Ancient Egypt, it will probably be set in Hammerfell, with pirates and such. Maybe Killer7 will pop up on PC – although since both the GameCube and PS2 are emulated technically you can play it on one. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 13:09 Turkey says: Looking forward to the Ubisoft presentation the most, but not because of the games. Log in to Reply 09/06/2017 at 15:33 Drib says: I’m waiting to see which IP’s new title wins E3 this year. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags E3, E3 2017. Search for clues News and things Dauntless offers new footage, new monster deets! Monster Hunter-esque Play The Division, Steep and Trials Fusion for free this weekend Three for free Jalopy’s Turkey update adds backstory via licence plates! Gobble gobble! Dota 2’s first co-op campaign arrives in Siltbreaker Act 1 Breaking the law (well, the silt) And much more… The Top Best Bestest Games Of 2017 So Far 43 absolute gems Football Manager 2017 pass-and-save diary, part one: A game of four halves Four players, one manager Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber basilisk : “I wouldn't say that. It really is a replacement.” on Best PC gaming deals of the week elevown : “You are forgetting his initial criteria. 'We only have time to rescue one game from ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 robby5566 : “Oof I dunno about this one man. We're talking about the year of FFVII, Dungeon ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 Slazia : “Maybe get Assetto Corsa instead if you haven't already.” on Project Cars 2 racing out on September 22 elevown : “I really remember this game as being fantastic though It's been so long I forgot ...” on Saved Games: Interstate ‘76 is the game worth saving from 1997 The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time On Prey's Ending Deceitful yet meaninful The Flare Path: Row Boats Meet Mare Nostrum Best PC Gaming Deals Of The Week Find yourself a bargain Intel’s 18-core CPU and, er, other exciting stuff Stop that, it’s silly Unknown Pleasures: 10 of the best new Steam games More diamonds in the rough Can Videogames Teach You Programming? And which games might do it... Have You Played... Middle-Earth: Shadow Of Mordor? Where's my nemesis?! My first (and only) kill in PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Beach house The Bestest Best Games Of 2016 So Far A bonus bestest best! E3 is as close as this industry gets to Eurovision I'm really looking forward to it Have You Played... Batman: Arkham Knight? Deploy BatFranchise The 15 Best Space Games Be pilots, pirates and space truckers. Premature Evaluation: Production Line You can have any genre as long as its Sim Police Stories has a free alpha and a lot of potential Questions later Pip And Alice's Sims 4 House (Alice Is A Jerk) Living next door to Alice Have You Played... Dead Space? Isaac Yankem The Pipwick Papers Politics, pop music and and paired fonts All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 6367 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 0.791% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Risk Assessment — Sneaky hackers use Intel management tools to bypass Windows firewall Serial ports don’t have firewalls. Peter Bright - Jun 9, 2017 12:11 am UTC Enlarge / Physical serial ports (the blue ones) are fortunately a relic of a lost era and are nowadays quite rare to find on PCs. But their virtual counterparts are alive and well, and they can be used for some exciting things. Ericf reader comments 72 Share this story When you're a bad guy breaking into a network, the first problem you need to solve is, of course, getting into the remote system and running your malware on it. But once you're there, the next challenge is usually to make sure that your activity is as hard to detect as possible. Microsoft has detailed a neat technique used by a group in Southeast Asia that abuses legitimate management tools to evade firewalls and other endpoint-based network monitoring. The group, which Microsoft has named PLATINUM, has developed a system for sending files—such as new payloads to run and new versions of their malware—to compromised machines. PLATINUM's technique leverages Intel's Active Management Technology (AMT) to do an end-run around the built-in Windows firewall. The AMT firmware runs at a low level, below the operating system, and it has access to not just the processor, but also the network interface. The AMT needs this low-level access for some of the legitimate things it's used for. It can, for example, power cycle systems, and it can serve as an IP-based KVM (keyboard/video/mouse) solution, enabling a remote user to send mouse and keyboard input to a machine and see what's on its display. This, in turn, can be used for tasks such as remotely installing operating systems on bare machines. To do this, AMT not only needs to access the network interface, it also needs to simulate hardware, such as the mouse and keyboard, to provide input to the operating system. But this low-level operation is what makes AMT attractive for hackers: the network traffic that AMT uses is handled entirely within AMT itself. That traffic never gets passed up to the operating system's own IP stack and, as such, is invisible to the operating system's own firewall or other network monitoring software. The PLATINUM software uses another piece of virtual hardware—an AMT-provided virtual serial port—to provide a link between the network itself and the malware application running on the infected PC. Communication between machines uses serial-over-LAN traffic, which is handled by AMT in firmware. The malware connects to the virtual AMT serial port to send and receive data. Meanwhile, the operating system and its firewall are none the wiser. In this way, PLATINUM's malware can move files between machines on the network while being largely undetectable to those machines. Enlarge / PLATINUM uses AMT's serial-over-LAN (SOL) to bypass the operating system's network stack and firewall. Microsoft AMT has been under scrutiny recently after the discovery of a long-standing remote authentication flaw that enabled attackers to use AMT features without needing to know the AMT password. This in turn could be used to enable features such as the remote KVM to control systems and run code on them. However, that's not what PLATINUM is doing: the group's malware requires AMT to be enabled and serial-over-LAN turned on before it can work. This isn't exploiting any flaw in AMT; the malware just uses the AMT as it's designed in order to do something undesirable. Both the PLATINUM malware and the AMT security flaw require AMT to be enabled in the first place; if it's not turned on at all, there's no remote access. Microsoft's write-up of the malware expressed uncertainty about this part; it's possible that the PLATINUM malware itself enabled AMT—if the malware has Administrator privileges, it can enable many AMT features from within Windows—or that AMT was already enabled and the malware managed to steal the credentials. While this novel use of AMT is useful for transferring files while evading firewalls, it's not undetectable. Using the AMT serial port, for example, is detectable. Microsoft says that its own Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection can even distinguish between legitimate uses of serial-over-LAN and illegitimate ones. But it's nonetheless a neat way of bypassing one of the more common protective measures that we depend on to detect and prevent unwanted network activity. Peter Bright Peter is Technology Editor at Ars. He covers Microsoft, programming and software development, Web technology and browsers, and security. He is based in Brooklyn, NY. Email peter.bright@arstechnica.com // Twitter @drpizza reader comments 72 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
10/06/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Newsletter Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Video Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Programmes Europe State of the union World World news Insiders Focus Insight The global conversation Cop22 View Aid zone Business Markets Business line Miptv – mipcom Business planet Real economy Target Sport The corner Speed Gravity Culture Cinema Postcards Cult Metropolitans Musica Life Adventures Sci-tech Futuris Smart care Sci-tech Boarding pass Paris air show Space All Programmes Channels Living It Savoir-faire Savoir-vivre Style & trends Cuisine & wellness Travel & design Rides & experiences News World Business Sport Quotes Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech Video No Comment Bulletin Live European affairs Europe All views World 08/06/2017 “I fight for my son”: A 360 degree portrait of a Romanian street worker allviews Created with Sketch. Point of view "I come from everywhere, I don't have a country" Florian-Petrus Cretu Romanian living in Norway Europe 07/06/2017 EU reveals plans for unified military and defence strategy allviews Created with Sketch. Point of view "It's a mater of maximizing the added value that the EU can bring to the EU member states work on security and defence." Sport 04/06/2017 France win Moscow Grand Prix Sabre allviews Created with Sketch. Tweet Europe 01/06/2017 EU and China join forces to tackle Trump over climate change allviews Created with Sketch. Point of view "We are both ready to contribute to stability in the world." Europe 01/06/2017 Soros urges EU to keep Poland and Hungary in democratic check allviews Created with Sketch. Point of view "I am full of admiration for the courageous way the Hungarian people have resisted the deception and corruption of the mafia state the Orban regime has established" World 30/05/2017 Fabiola Gianotti, CERN: "95% of the universe is unknown to us." allviews Created with Sketch. Point of view "What is visible when we look at stars, planets and galaxies only represents 5% of the universe. The other 95% is made up of (dark) matter and energy that we do not know." Fabiola Gianotti Director-General, CERN World 29/05/2017 Cecilia Schelin Seidegard: "Gotland is strategic since the vikings" allviews Created with Sketch. Point of view "You can control the Baltic sea if you have Gotland" Cecilia Schelin Seidegard Governor of Gotland World 29/05/2017 Does Poland need weekend soldiers? allviews Created with Sketch. Point of view "It means 50 000 voters plus families..." Slawomir Sierakowski Political analyst more quotes Weather Bulletin Live Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Apple dips after report that future iPhone modems could lag rivals Aa Aa Now Reading: Apple dips after report that future iPhone modems could lag rivals 09/06/2017 Apple dips after report that future iPhone modems could lag rivals REUTERS 09/06/2017 (Reuters) – Shares of Apple Inc were down almost 3 percent on Friday after Bloomberg News reported that iPhones launched later this year will use modem chips with slower download speeds than some rival smartphones. Qualcomm Inc and Intel Corp will supply modem chips for the upcoming devices, Bloomberg reported. (Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by Bill Rigby) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories United Kingdom 09/06/2017 May: "We will provide certainty and lead the Brexit talks" state of the union 09/06/2017 Theresa May's election defeat sparks fresh wave of uncertainty over Brexit... United Kingdom 09/06/2017 Youth inflicts revenge on Theresa May for pursuit of 'hard' Brexit Most viewed USA 09/06/2017 Donald Trump says it is time to call on Qatar to end its funding of terrorism United Kingdom 09/06/2017 Youth inflicts revenge on Theresa May for pursuit of 'hard' Brexit world news 09/06/2017 Jubilant Jeremy’s big boob as high-five goes embarrassingly wrong Insight 09/06/2017 Reform or face isolation, UAE minister tells Qatar Italy 09/06/2017 Mafia boss: Berlusconi a 'traitor' Editor's choice world news 08/06/2017 James Comey, Trump and Russia: what you need to know world news 08/06/2017 “I fight for my son”: A 360 degree portrait of a Romanian street worker Sci-tech 07/06/2017 UN Summit on AI: 'The most significant technology we will ever create' Flashback: one year ago world news 10/06/2016 The UK and the EU part 3: Should I stay or should I go? the corner 10/06/2016 Euro 2016: France begin home Euros with hard-fought victory over Romania economy 10/06/2016 Brexit - good or bad for British tourism? France 10/06/2016 Syria: Damascus suburb Daraya bombed after aid delivery interview 10/06/2016 The transition from a linear to a circular economy Editor's choice world news 08/06/2017 James Comey, Trump and Russia: what you need to know world news 08/06/2017 “I fight for my son”: A 360 degree portrait of a Romanian street worker Sci-tech 07/06/2017 UN Summit on AI: 'The most significant technology we will ever create' Czech Republic 07/06/2017 How sexual assistants are helping disabled Czechs fulfil their ‘right to... insiders 05/06/2017 Insiders: Living with the threat of terror Cuisine & Wellness 08/06/2017 Spanish delicacies by Nuria world news 09/06/2017 UK election: what you need to know no comment 09/06/2017 Australia: rescue efforts underway for 12-metre-long beached whale world news 07/06/2017 Human species 'older than previously thought' Channels Weather Bulletin Live Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Browse today's tags United Kingdom UK snap general election 2017 British politics Theresa May Jeremy Corbyn Brexit Britain USA Channels Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Quotes Topics Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video Programmes Services Live Bulletin Weather Just In Widgets & Services Euronews radio Africanews Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video All Programmes 10/06/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Newsletter euronews improves its TV broadcast and changes some satellite frequencies, learn more > More information By using this website, you agree with our use of cookies to improve its performance and enhance your user experience. More info in our Cookies policy page.ok
Home China World Business Culture Sports Sci & Tech Photos Video New China More∨ In-depth Entertainment Special Reports Forum B&R Initiative Bilingual Zone Home Latest News China World Business Photos Video Culture & Edu Sports Sci & Tech Health Special Reports Entertainment New China Editions Asia & Pacific Europe Africa North America 中文 Français Русский Deutsch Español عربي 한국어 日本語 Português Editions Global Edition China Edition Africa Edition Europe Edition Asia & Pacific عربي Chinese(GB) Chinese(Big5) Français 日本語 русский Español 한국어 Deutsch Português North America Innovations become increasingly massive, costly endeavors: Stanford research Source: Xinhua| 2017-06-10 07:58:55|Editor: ying Video PlayerClose SAN FRANCISCO, June 9 (Xinhua) -- New research at Stanford University indicates that big ideas are getting harder and harder to find, and innovations have become increasingly massive and costly endeavors. According to Nicholas Bloom, a senior fellow at the Stanford Institute for Economic Policy Research (SIEPR) and co-author of a paper, so many game-changing inventions have appeared since World War II that it's become increasingly difficult to come up with the next big idea. And as a result, tremendous continual increases in research and development (R&D) will be needed to sustain even today's low rate of economic growth. "The thought now of somebody inventing something as revolutionary as the locomotive on their own is inconceivable," Bloom was quoted as saying in a recent news release from SIEPR. "It's certainly true if you go back one- or two hundred years, like when Edison invented the light bulb. It's a massive piece of technology and one guy basically invented it. But while we think of Steve Jobs and the iPhone, it was a team of dozens of people who created the iPhone." Bloom worked with SIEPR senior fellow Chad Jones, Stanford doctoral candidate Michael Webb, and Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) professor John Van Reenen as co-authors to examine research productivity at an aggregate national level as well as within three swaths of industry: technology, medical research and agriculture. They analyzed research efforts at publicly traded firms. Their paper followed a common concept that economic growth comes from people creating ideas. In other words, when there are more researchers producing more ideas, there is more economic growth. However, the team found a not-so-rosy imbalance. While research efforts are rising substantially, research productivity, or the ideas being produced per researcher, is declining sharply. Specifically, the number of Americans engaged in R&D has jumped by more than twentyfold since 1930 while their collective productivity has dropped by a factor of 41. The researchers found clear evidence of how exponential investments in R&D have masked the decline in productivity. The U.S. information technology (IT) industry's signature guidepost, Moore's Law, which marked its 52nd year in April, is a prime example. Introduced in 1965 by Gordon Moore, the co-founder of computer chip giant Intel, the theorem postulates that the density of transistors on an integrated circuit would double roughly every two years, doubling computing power. Moore's Law has played out, that the computing power on a chip today is remarkable compared to even a decade ago, but the study found that the research effort behind the chip innovations rose by a factor of 78 since 1971. Put another way, the number of researchers required today to maintain the innovative pace is more than 75 times larger than the number that was required in the early 1970s. "The constant exponential growth implied by Moore's Law has been achieved only by a staggering increase in the amount of resources devoted to pushing the frontier forward," the paper stated. Other industries also exhibited falloffs in idea productivity. For instance, the study's co-authors used crop yields of corn, soybeans, wheat and cotton and compared them against research expenditures directed at improving yields, including cross-breeding, bioengineering, crop protection and maintenance. The average yields across all four crops roughly doubled between 1960 and 2015. But to achieve those gains, the amount of research expended during that period rose "tremendously," anywhere from a threefold to a more-than-25-fold increase, depending on the crop and specific research measure. On average, research productivity in agriculture fell by about 4 to 6 percent per year, the study found. A similar pattern of greater-input-but-less-output followed in medical research. The authors analyzed R&D spending on new, federally approved U.S. drugs against life expectancy rates as a gauge of productivity, and examined decreases in mortality rates of cancer patients against medical research publications and clinical trials. The empirical findings on breast and heart cancer suggest that at least in some areas, stated the paper, "it may get easier to find new ideas at first before getting harder." About publicly traded companies, the study found a fraction of firms where research productivity, as measured by growth in sales, market capitalization, employment and revenue-per-worker productivity, grew decade-over-decade since 1980. But overall, more than 85 percent of the firms showed steady, rapid declines in productivity while their spending in R&D rose. The analysis indicated that research productivity for firms fell, on average, about 10 percent per year, and it would take 15 times more researchers today than it did 30 years ago to produce the same rate of economic growth. "It's getting harder and harder to make new ideas, and the economy is more or less compensating for that," Bloom said. "The only way we've been able to roughly maintain growth is to throw more and more scientists at it." KEY WORDS: innovations YOU MAY LIKE Innovations Highlighted at China Poverty Reduction Int’l Forum Pentagon showcases "game changing" military innovations Int'l technics fair promotes innovations in Serbian market MORE PHOTOS Wheat harvested in E China's Jiangsu Household handicraft promoted in N China's Hebei for poverty alleviation Aerial view of Liutang Village of Anji City, E China's Zhejiang Doctors volunteer to provide medical care in China's Tibet Traditional crafts presented during intangible cultural heritage show in Guangxi National college entrance exam ends in some parts of China TOP STORIES China calls for solidarity, cooperation as SCO admits new members Xi urges more pragmatic cooperation with Turkmenistan under Belt and Road Initiative Trump affirms commitment to NATO's mutual defence clause Fireworks display at opening ceremony of 2017 Astana EXPO EDITOR’S CHOICE / 01. U.S. withdrawal from Paris accord not to change anything: environmental activist / 02. 12 Chinese institutions in QS world university rankings' Top 100 / 03. Spotlight: Experts urge U.S. to open door wider to Chinese investment / 04. Study: marine reserves can help mitigate effects of climate change / 05. U.S., China, India to be top prospective destinations for FDI: UNCTAD report MOST VIEWED Farmers collect crayfish, rice seedlings in China In pics: 3D paddy fields in Shenyang, NE China's Liaoning Highlights of traditional skills competition in C China's Zhengzhou Scientists identify most complete hatchling preserved in Burmese amber EXPLORE XINHUANET News China World Business Culture Edu Sports Sci Tech Health Entertainment Regions Asia & Pacific Americas Europe Africa Organizations North America Services Investment Doing Business Work in China Study in China Visit in China Live in China Emergency Weather More Photos Video In-depth Special Reports Corrections 010020070750000000000000011100001363545251
Home Contact Advertise About RSS @PowerPage @JasonOGrady iFixit posts teardown of 2017 21.5-inch iMac, finds user-upgradable RAM, modular CPU Posted by: Chris Barylick Date: Friday, June 9th, 2017, 05:33 Category: Hardware, iMac, News, Processors The pork has soared and it looks like Apple has finally released an iMac with a user-upgradable CPU as well as RAM. The cool cats at iFixit have just completed a full teardown of Apple’s new 21.5-inch iMac with 4K display. The unit features both removable RAM and a modular CPU, although Apple has yet to say if these components are user-replaceable. Accessing and replacing these components isn’t exactly easy, but it’s still possible. This is the first time Apple has had a 21.5-inch iMac with expandable RAM since 2013, and the first modular CPU since 2012. No one seems to know exactly why Apple has reverted to a socketed CPU, and perhaps there were lengthy discussions with Intel regarding it. iFixit offered the following comments regarding the teardown: Despite the upgradable RAM and CPU, we’re still giving this iMac a 3/10 for repairability. Here’s why: the iMac remains distinctly un-fun to open. Everything is buried under a finicky glass panel. It requires a speciality pizza-cutter-like tool to breach the adhesive before any repair. Plus the glass and Retina Display are fused together, fabulously increasing the cost of replacement. But hey, a 3/10 is triple the score of the iMac’s 2015 predecessor. Stay tuned for additional details as they become available. Via 9to5Mac and iFixit Tweet Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related Recent Posts Apple's newest MacBook, MacBook Pro and iMacs now in stock at most U.S. Apple Store retail locations Apple unleashes the funny to open WWDC with "Apocalypse" ad Rumor: Apple could incorporate microLED displays in devices as soon as 2018 Older iPhones, iPads equipped with A6 processor will be unable to run iOS 11 this fall Amazon executive extends invitation for Siri on Echo speakers Leave a Reply Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Search Recent Posts Apple’s newest MacBook, MacBook Pro and iMacs now in stock at most U.S. Apple Store retail locations iFixit posts teardown of 2017 21.5-inch iMac, finds user-upgradable RAM, modular CPU Amazon executive extends invitation for Siri on Echo speakers Rumor: Apple could incorporate microLED displays in devices as soon as 2018 Older iPhones, iPads equipped with A6 processor will be unable to run iOS 11 this fall June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   « Previous Post Next Post » Copyright © 1995- Jason D. O'Grady. All rights reserved. O'Grady's PowerPage is a No Beige Production. PowerPage.org | OGrady.com | Action Landscaping Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC | Survey Monkey Small Business Survey Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer shares the best time to buy stock in Wall Street favorite Nvidia Elizabeth Gurdus | @elizabethgurdus 7 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters The best time to buy stock in Nvidia    7 Hours Ago | 01:54 With Wall Street analysts in a frenzy over the stock of market favorite Nvidia, Jim Cramer finds the buzz around the chipmaker's stock to be almost cartoonish. "You see, even after today's hideous 6.5 percent pullback, I think the stock of Nvidia, by its sheer upward momentum, has become a self-fulfilling prophecy," the "Mad Money" host said. "Analysts have price targets for stocks, and with each giant step forward, this stock overruns those levels that analysts were expecting, so then they have to get on the horn — meaning speak to the sales force — and raise their price targets again, usually giving a whole new set of reasons for their comments so as not to be seen as merely playing the momentum game, which, after all, is exactly what they're playing." However, Cramer certainly sees weight to their arguments. It goes without saying that he likes the company, whose stock has been the top performer in the market over the past year. For one, Nvidia's semiconductor chips are top-tier for artificial intelligence, used in everything from self-driving vehicle projects to interactive devices like Amazon's Echo speaker. Watch the full segment here: show chapters Cramer shares the best time to buy stock in Wall Street favorite Nvidia    7 Hours Ago | 04:43 "They're being tried throughout the cloud, and when you hear about machine learning, you are almost certainly hearing about the harnessing of Nvidia semiconductors," Cramer said. Nvidia is also a leader in data. In a May 10 keynote speech, CEO Jensen Huang announced a new product coming this fall that harnesses the power of 400 servers, a landmark development that could drastically reduce the number of burning-hot servers in data centers. Finally, Nvidia's chips are central to the gaming industry, used by hundreds of millions of gamers involved in eSports. The fastest chips available, Nvidia semiconductors help companies like Take Two Interactive make their games more lifelike, platforms like Amazon's Twitch.tv stream game-play live, and devices like the best-selling Nintendo Switch seamlessly run games. In other words, Cramer sees the possibility for the stock to soar higher still in the future, despite Friday's somewhat drastic pullback. "Some are comparing it to what happened to Intel where the stock went from $1 in 1987 to $66 at the top in March of 2000. That's a 6,500 percent return. If Nvidia were to emulate that course, it could go to almost $10,000," he said. "Now, I know that seems a bit preposterous, but it's what the bulls are secretly dreaming about." The issue with Nvidia is its stock's relentless tear higher, which has been worrying some on Street who warn that the stock is arbitrarily rising every day on the same story. Cramer, for one, advises buying stocks like Nvidia's when the market sees a pullback brought about by outside circumstances that give investors better prices, not simply buying a high-flying name because the Street's bulls have started to charge. "Be prudent," the "Mad Money" host said. "It's not prudent to charge in every day and chase. Chasers get hurt and that's exactly what happened today. No need to chase. These names will come to you. That's when you make your move. The hottest stocks do cool down. They shake out the weak holders. And then they start all over again, and that's precisely what I expect the stock of Nvidia to do, maybe as early as next week." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Elizabeth GurdusDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change 7974.T --- TTWO --- AMZN --- NVDA --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Business Home LBoard VIDEO INSIDE 80 lodge report against gold investment scheme Nora Jaswa Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Apple dips after report that future iPhone modems could lag rivals Reuters | June 10, 2017 Apple is widely expected to upgrade its iPhone this year, which marks the device's 10th anniversary, and suggestions that its technology will lag the performance of high-end smartphones running Alphabet Inc's Android system could hurt its sales. NEW YORK: Shares of Apple Inc  fell more than 3 percent on Friday after Bloomberg News reported that iPhones launched later this year will use modem chips with slower download speeds than some rival smartphones. Apple is widely expected to upgrade its iPhone this year, which marks the device’s 10th anniversary, and suggestions that its technology will lag the performance of high-end smartphones running Alphabet Inc’s Android system could hurt its sales. An Apple spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Apple supplier Qualcomm Inc sells modems capable of downloading data at cutting-edge 1 gigabit speeds, but rival chipmaker Intel Corp’s modem technology does not yet have that capability, according to the Bloomberg report. Since Apple is traditionally reluctant to rely on just one supplier, it is using modems from both companies, but capping download speeds of the quicker Qualcomm modems so that all of the new iPhones perform the same, Bloomberg reported, citing unnamed sources. Shares of the Cupertino, California company have surged 29 percent so far in 2017, largely in anticipation of the iPhone upgrade. The stock on Friday declined 3.5 percent to $149.60. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Sirius to invest $480 million in Pandora, may be path to music streaming Tourism tax: How do BN MPs sleep at night, asks Warisan ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Angry crowd gathers at Malaysian consulate in Chennai Luxury homes glut can wreck the economy Why ban Indian politician, but allow Zakir Naik, asks… Why suspend Zakaria but not Isa ‘Warisan is hottest new party in Sabah’ Jack Ma sees net worth soar RM11.9b in just one day Mahfuz questions PAS’ reliance on fear factor Tourism tax: How do BN MPs sleep at night, asks Warisan Seeing red over blackface Penang shows Najib’s letter on China loan plan ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Jiran, kuasa besar cemburu Qatar? No piecemeal policies for housing, please 4 soalan buat PM sempena lawatan ke Felda Sg Sayong Why suspend Zakaria but not Isa Too many have died in police custody Why the indifference towards our Rukun Negara? More... FMT Bahasa Mahfuz persoal PAS harap bukan Islam akan undi kerana takut Risiko ancaman siber, pengguna Bitcoin digesa waspada Pegawai SPRM peras ugut polis, minta rasuah direman 3 hari PAS mahu bawa RUU persendirian dana politik SPRM tidak kompromi pegawainya minta rasuah Raja Muda Perlis: Ramadan masa sesuai berhenti merokok More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
UPROXX News Sections Main The Power Of Activism How We Bring About Change The Intercept Fearless, Adversarial Journalism Featured News James Comey, A Washington Operator, Knows How To Play The Game News Even Elizabeth Warren Gets Harassed By Debt Collectors — And It’s About To Get Worse For Everyone Entertainment Sections TV Movies Hitfix Where Entertainment Fandom Lives What's Alan Watching Inside Television with Alan Sepinwall Gaming Web Culture Featured Sepinwall The ‘Better Call Saul’ Braintrust Knows Why You Hate Chuck TV Jordan Klepper Is Here To Solve America’s Gun Problem Music Sections Main RealTalk Hip-Hop and Rap on UPROXX Uncharted Discovering New Artists Before They Chart Featured Music Phoenix’s Sun-Kissed ‘Ti Amo’ Is Necessary Pop Escapism For Summer 2017 Music Here Are The Unmissable Country Albums From 2017 So Far Sports Sections Main Dime NBA on UPROXX With Spandex Pro Wrestling on UPROXX Brawler MMA on UPROXX -- coming soon Featured ProWrestling The Best And Worst Of WCW Tuesday Nitro 7/22/97: Tuesday’s Gone DimeMag Ranking All 30 Teams On The Likelihood They Sign LeBron James In 2018 Life & Discovery Sections Main Style Remixing The Classics With The Now Food & Drink Smart and fresh, never basic Travel & Adventure Explore The World You Are Inheriting Health Lifehack Your Body and Soul Featured Life If You Only Explore One City Center This Summer, Make It Downtown LA Life Fast Food Chicken Nuggets, Power Ranked Video Featured What Does It Take To Be A Sneaker Craftsman? Meet South Africa’s First All-Black, Black Metal Band Will Climate Change Spell Doom For The Island Nation Of Palau? See More... Search for: About About Corporate Privacy Terms Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Get UPROXX Everywhere. Follow @UPROXX Follow UPROXX Member Sign Up Sign In The House Intel Committee Requests All Comey Tapes, Despite Trump Saying We’ll Be ‘Disappointed’ By Them Andrew Husband News & Entertainment Writer 06.09.17 12 Comments Facebook Twitter EMAIL Do tapes exist of Trump’s meetings with Comey? Trump: I’ll tell you about that “sometime in the very near future” https://t.co/LrkUk6LyTv — CNN (@CNN) June 9, 2017 During a joint press conference from the White House Rose Garden with Romanian President Klaus Iohannis, Donald Trump mostly ignored American reporters’ questions about James Comey’s testimony. While the president and his allies have latched onto the former FBI director’s admitted leaking, Trump hadn’t said much about the existence of “tapes” he threatened Comey with previously on Twitter. However, he did offer a few comments on Comey, the supposed tapes, and whether or not he would testify under oath for special counsel Robert Mueller’s expanding Russia probe. “Yeah, well I’ll tell you about that maybe sometime in the very near future,” the president told a reporter who asked him whether tapes of his conversations with Comey actually existed. “In the meantime, no collusion, no obstruction [and] he’s a leaker. We want to get back to running our great country.” When pressed again by another reporter, Trump insisted he wasn’t “hinting” about anything, saying, “I’ll tell you about it over a very short period of time.” He also stressed everyone interested in the tapes would be “very disappointed when [they] hear the answer.” Though Trump did admit he was “one hundred percent” willing to testify under oath, however, that didn’t stop the Devin Nunes-less House Intelligence Committee from requesting any and all tapes of the president’s conversations with Comey for their own Russia investigation. According to Politico, ranking members Rep. Mike Conaway (R-Texas) and Rep. Adam Schiff (D-California) formally asked White House counsel Don McGahn to confirm whether or not such tapes existed on Friday. And if Trump’s tweeted threat doesn’t turn out to be complete bullsh*t, the House Intel Committee wants the tapes by Friday, June 23rd. Including the House Oversight Committee, the Senate Intelligence Committee and the Senate Judiciary Committee, Conway and Schiff’s request is the fourth such governmental investigative body to request copies of Comey’s notes and memos as well. Trump’s personal lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, has meanwhile announced his intention to file an official complaint with the Justice Department regarding Comey’s admitted leaking. (Via CNN and Politico) Share This Facebook Twitter EMAIL Around The Web TAGSCONGRESSdonald trumpFBIjames comeyRUSSIA Join The Discussion: Log In With Sign In With Facebook Sign In With Twitter Sign In With Email Profile By: Andrew Husband 06.09.2017 @ 5:25 PM "The House Intel Committee Requests All Comey Tapes, Despite Trump Saying We’ll Be ‘Disappointed’ By Them" Profile By: Squat Cobbler (no cry) 06.09.2017 @ 6:05 PM So I wonder if when Comey’s testimony shows that his notes were 100% accurate in describing the conversations Trump will still maintain that he’s lying. Profile By: poonTASTIC 06.09.2017 @ 6:08 PM If there were tapes do you really think if any damning evidence is on there the WH would ever actually release them (undoctored)? No. They wouldn’t and won’t. And they probably don’t exist. Profile By: MrScarface 06.09.2017 @ 6:15 PM Well technically they have to release them as all forms of communication from the President are a matter of public record. They could be edited for the purposes of national security, but that would already cast an even larger cloud upon him. Nixon found that one out the hard way. Profile By: frambley1 06.09.2017 @ 8:14 PM @MrScarface AHahahahaha!!! Profile By: c dub 06.09.2017 @ 6:16 PM There would be no reason to take notes and make memos if tapes existed. Comey said Trump himself wasnt under investigation at the time, so the would be no reason to tape the conversation. Profile By: Buckaroo B 06.09.2017 @ 9:22 PM So Trump is full of shit, is what you’re saying. Profile By: c dub 06.09.2017 @ 11:47 PM yup, In order to tape his conversation, he would have had been named in one of the 6 FISA warrants. If a recording was taped it would’ve had to been on the white houses end, via phone conversation. Highly doubt Comey had a reason to wear a wire to dinner. Profile By: terminaltrip421 06.10.2017 @ 12:31 AM I believe the implication was that Trump had done the recording, hence the perceived threat being from his end. Profile By: Bitterpeace 06.09.2017 @ 7:02 PM Drumpf said he would testify under oath. There are no tapes. Profile By: Supafly 06.09.2017 @ 8:06 PM Probably aren’t any tapes. Trump will happily lie under oath knowing full well there is no way to prove him wrong. Profile By: Supafly 06.09.2017 @ 8:17 PM Though it would be some real gangster shit if Comey waited for Trump to testify under oath and then revealed he had worn a wire and had tapes of the conversations. Profile By: Delica 06.09.2017 @ 9:37 PM Yeah, just like he said he’d release tax returns. Why bother reporting anything he says? Cancel reply View all comments Soundtrack Of Summer 2017 Here Are The Unmissable Country Albums From 2017 So Far Caitlin White 06.09.17 15 hours ago 6 Comments Katy Perry Officially Makes Her Return With The Release Of ‘Witness’ Bansky Gonzalez 06.09.17 1 day ago Steven Hyden’s Favorite Albums Of 2017 So Far, Plus His Top Five Sleeper Records Steven Hyden 06.08.17 2 days ago 4 Comments Arcade Fire Debuts The Funky, Sprawling New Song ‘No Signs Of Life’ In England Jason Nawara 06.07.17 2 days ago M.I.A. Calls Back To Depeche Mode On Her Simmering New Single ‘Goals’ Corbin Reiff 06.07.17 3 days ago TLC’s Slow-Burning Return To Form ‘Way Back’ Video Features A Curious Snoop Dogg Cameo Corbin Reiff 06.06.17 4 days ago 2 Comments UPROXX Job at Uproxx Contact Advertising About UPROXX Privacy Policy Staff Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Login | Register Username: * Password: * Forgot password? Remember my login on this computer    Crooks and Liars Home CLTV Politics Media Bites Entertainment Activism Sports Tech Green Business Yesteryear Misc Search this site: Search Chuck Todd Scolds Marsha Blackburn Over Russia: 'Where Is The Urgency?' By Karoli Kuns Share Share on facebook Share Share on twitter Share Share on reddit Share Share on sharethis 6/09/17 3:01pm 9 hours ago by Karoli Kuns up Click here for reuse options! Chuck Todd's interview with Rep. Marsha Blackburn started with a bang right out of the gate when he began with a question to her about James Comey's testimony yesterday and Russia. Chuck Todd was trying to get some idea of how Blackburn (and Congressional Republicans) feel about Russian interference in our election by mentioning Comey's emotional remarks about it during his testimony Thursday. "He said a foreign power essentially invade invaded our country," Todd said. "Do you believe this president has done enough to punish Russia for this act of aggression of the United States of America?" Whereupon Blackburn dissembled like a pro, never batting so much as a false eyelash while gliding right over the actual question. First, we get the "I think it is so interesting" that Democrats haven't worried about Russian aggression, as though that is a fact. Then we get the rundown of the history of Russo-American relations since the glory days of Saint Ronnie, before she snarks about how interesting it is that "people are just now beginning to figure that out." Todd interrrupted her reverie at that point by almost shouting at her, "Where is the urgency?" "I think you are trying to make the point -- hey, Democrats and others did not care about Russia and do now. Why are you saying better late than never?," he asked. "There is no urgency here, that's what I am confused about." Blackburn meandered back into her answer about holding a hearing on cybersecurity next week and blah, blah blah, prompting Todd to ask her one more time what exactly she thought should be done about Russia. Spoiler alert: She never answers that question. Not in this clip, and not for the full seven-minute interview. Instead, Rep. Blackburn pivoted back to Comey, sliming him. "Now, on the matter of Jim Comey and his being emotional, it is fair to say what Comey had is what we call in Tennessee an old-fashioned come-apart in front of the Senate Intel Committee, yesterday." "It seems like he wanted to throw a lot of people under the bus and it seems like he did get a little emotional. I think he has an interesting relationship with the truth," she snarked. ↓ Story continues below ↓ That prompted Chuck Todd to ask her directly whether she was accusing him of committing perjury. Watch them dance. Todd: "So you believe that Director Comey committed perjury?" Blackburn: "You just said it." Todd: "You just said he had a problem with the truth!" Blackburn: "I said he had an interesting relationship with the truth." Todd: "What does that mean? Is he truthful or not?" Poor Marsha was a little stuck on her answer for that, given that she desperately wanted to believe everything Comey said about Loretta Lynch but not so much what he said about Trump. So instead she pivoted to his "diminishment of himself" and hoped he'd have the guts to stand up to the Attorney General if need be. There are a lot of things we can say about James Comey. I've said many not-flattering things about him. But I haven't called him a liar. In fact, it is his squeaky-clean "gosh-golly" image that made his pronouncements about Clinton's email server so devastating and maddening. Watching Blackburn dance on the high wire about whether or not he was honest and true was amazing, and not in a good way. Chuck Todd, James Comey, Marsha Blackburn Click here for reuse options! Comments We welcome relevant, respectful comments. Any comments that are sexist or in any other way deemed hateful by our staff will be deleted and constitute grounds for a ban from posting on the site. Please refer to our Terms of Service (revised 3/17/2016) for information on our posting policy. Media Bites Social Security On Fox News, Gutting Social Safety Nets Is ‘Restoring The Dignity Of Work’ Media Bites Draining The Swamp Nine Of Trump's Transition Team Already Lobbyists Politics Draining The Swamp How DeVos Deregulation Is Robbing Your Kids' Education Politics Draining The Swamp There's A Giant Loophole In Trump's 'Drain The Swamp' Order Politics Repeal Obamacare Sean Spicer Speaks In Tongues Trying To Explain How Trumpcare Covers Preexisting Conditions News from idealmedia.com Latest Finally, we know why it's "covfefe." Misc Open Thread - That Explains It! By Frances Langum 0 Get your groove on all greasy. Entertainment C&L's Late Nite Music Club With Gloria Walker & The Chevelles By Dale Merrill 0 While everyone was distracted, the House repealed key parts of the Dodd-Frank financial protections. Politics While Comey Testified In The Senate, House Republicans Were Up To Dirty Tricks 0 Is it really possible Trump didn't know Qatar hosts our biggest military base in that region? Really? Politics Trump And The Limits Of Shoot-From-The-Hip-Ism By Steve M. 0 John McCain. Wow. Politics At The Comey Hearing: The Rime Of The Ancient Maverick By driftglass 0 View All » North Carolina Needs Our Help Winning Back A Blue Seat In California Takes A Progressive Heroes and Villains Pramila Jayapal Did Everything We Wanted-- And Then Some How To Defeat Steve King-- Make Sure Kim Weaver Beats Him Visit Blog » Latest from CLTV From there, it went downhill fast. CLTV Marsha Blackburn: Comey Had 'An Old-Fashioned Come-Apart' During Testimony By Karoli Kuns 0 It's just so obvious he's lying when he does this. The huffier he gets, the more obvious the lie. CLTV Trump Gets Huffy When Questioned About Comey And The Loyalty Oath By Karoli Kuns 0 Lawrence points out how bad yesterday's Comey testimony really was. CLTV Last Word: The Worst Day Of Trump's Presidency (So Far) By Frances Langum 0 NBC's Pete Williams told MSNBC that Trump's lawyers are filing two separate charges against Comey for leaking his memo to the press and while it would be a distraction for a while, it's "weak tea overall. CLTV NBC News: Trump Filing Complaints Against Comey's Leaking Is A Distraction By John Amato 0 Trump Surrogate Matt Schlap tried to filibuster the entire segment to defend Trump from James Comey's testimony until finally David Frum called these types of surrogates "angry dogs." CLTV David Frum Battles Trump Surrogate Matt Schlap Over Comey Testimony By John Amato 0 Visit CLTV » Sign up now!Never miss out again! Start your day with our Daily Rundown of posts on Crooks and Liars. Staff Editor & Publisher John Amato Managing Editor Karoli Kuns Associate Editor Frances Langum Heather Contributor capper Dale Merrill David LeftOfCenter Red Painter Scarce Webmaster Jamie Support Or by snail mail: CrooksandLiars.com PO BOX 66310 Los Angeles, CA 90066 ©2017 Crooks and Liars About Us Feeds Contact Terms of Service Privacy DMCA Search this site: Search Home CLTV Politics Media Bites Entertainment Activism Sports Tech Green Business Yesteryear Misc Media Bites Trump Gets Huffy With ABC's Jonathan Karl Over Loyalty Oath Question (UPDATED)
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Single Board Computers Market Trends and Dynamics 2025 A Single Board Computer is an electronic device installed on single circuit board with micro- processors, memory and other input/output features required for normal functioning of a computer. The Single Board Computer are made by increasing density of integrated circuits. This reduced circuit configuration also reduces the overall cost of the system by reducing number of bus drivers and connectors, by eliminating number of circuit boards required. By merging all the functionalities on a single board, a smaller system popularly known as Single Board Computer is obtained. Increase in the growth of wireless communication infrastructure and consistent developments of product designing along with increasing demand of Single Board Computer applications in ATM machines, industrial computers, and medical equipment automation equipment are the major driving factor for the growth of Single Board Computer market. Easy availability of Single Board Computers and standardized form factors will increase the demand of innovative devices in the market. Increased computing power, high flexibility, lowered power consumption and higher efficiency are the key drivers to drive the market demand of Single Board Computer market. Connectivity via Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) and Wi-Fi, are few technological innovation in the field of Single Board Computer trusted communication industry. Fill the form to Gain Deeper Insights on this Market @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The consumer need of Single Board Computer differ depending on the deployed environment, application and industries thereby creating demands for various designing needs. Other growth factors includes initiative to develop the designs of devices such that the users have the access to latest software and hardware components at the outset. Major restraint for Single Board Computer market is technological drawbacks as application platforms cannot be aligned to replace latest technology processor as the whole system is integrated on a single board, thereby restricting immediate application or usage for a considerable duration. Another restraining factor affecting the growth of this Single Board Computer market is inefficient cooling process. Multicore Single Board Computer in today’s marketplace is the new upcoming opportunity for Single Board Computer market. Customized Single Board Computer is an upcoming embedded platform that contains a carrier board and Computer on Module. Single Board Computer market is segmented by technology as aTCA (Advanced Telecommunications Computing Architecture), compact PCI (Peripheral Component Interconnect), VME (Versacard Multibus Eurocard), VPX (Virtual Path Cross-connect), VXS and Mezzanine. aTCA, LTE (Long term Evolution) and WiMax are the leading technologies during the forecast period. Additionally, SBC market has been segmented as end user majorly in medical industry, precision agriculture, military & aerospace, defense, retail & hospitality, transportation and digital logistics, intelligent systems, communications and networking, embedded control subsystems and industrial automation & control among others. Furthermore, Single Board Computer (SBC) market is also segmented by processor type as ARM cortex, Intel, Power Architecture of NXP semiconductors and others. Others include processors of Qualcomm, Samsung, and Rabbit. By geography, the Single Board Computer market has been segmented into various regions namely Asia-Pacific (APAC), Europe, North America, Middle East and Africa (ME&A) and South America. North America leads the Global Single board computer market followed by APAC and Europe. APAC region is estimated to grow at a very high growth rate due to steady economic growth. China, Japan and India are the emerging market in APAC region. The US region has the highest adoption rate for Single Board Computer market. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/single-board-computers… Various key players of Single board computer market include AAEON Electronics, Inc. (Taiwan), ADES Corporation (Taiwan), Armor Link International (Cyprus), Emerson ( Missouri, U.S.), Eurotech (Italy) , GE Intelligent Platform (Virginia, U.S.), Versa Logic Corp. ( Tualatin), Digi International (Minnetonka) , Wandboard, Advantech (Munich, Germany) , Eurotech Group (Udine, Italy), Kontron (Augsburg) , Adlink Technology (Taiwan), Radisys (Hillsboro, United States), Mercury Systems (Chelmsford), Olim ex (Bulgaria), UDOO, Arbor Solutions (Taipei), American Portwell (Arizona), and NET Burner (San Diego) among others. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR Syndicated Research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemical, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, our syndicated reports thrive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Biomass Pellets Market : Growth Analysis & Projection, Forecast 2022 Next PostNext Radio Modem Market: Evolving Technology, Trends and industry Analysis up to 2027 Search Recent Posts Global SaaS Based HRM Market Trends, Challenges and Growth Drivers Analysis 2022 Universal Grease Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Alginic Acid (CAS 9005-38-3) Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Learn details of the Global PSD2 and Open Banking Market: growth with CAGR in forecast-2022 Global Metal Deactivator Market – Analysis and Trends RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Login All Reviews Editorials News What We Know About Apple’s Business Chat So Far [Update] iOS 11 Developer Beta 1: Video Walkthrough of Siri's New Voice iPhone 7s, 7s Plus May Have iPhone 8-like Glass Back Tips macOS: Revoking FileVault Access for Individual Accounts Ditch the Honeycomb App Grid in watchOS 4 Podcasts The Big HomePod FAQ Show - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-09 iMac and iMac Pro Under the Hood - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-08 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Apple’s 2017 iPhones Won’t Have Gigabit Download Speeds, and it Won’t Matter to Most Customers Post WWDC: Has Apple Fixed Everything, or do Weaknesses Remain? All of a Sudden, I Want All of Apple's New Hardware Amazon Thinks Alexa Should Be Able to Talk to Siri and HomePod iOS 11: Top 5 New Photo Features Apple Announced View All Editorials → Apple’s 2017 iPhones Won’t Have Gigabit Download Speeds, and it Won’t Matter to Most Customers Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin 3 minute read Jun 9th, 2017 5:19 PM EDT | The Back Page Apple’s best-in-class supply chain management is having an unfortunate side effect. According to Bloomberg, Apple’s practice of avoiding single-source components means the 2017 crop of iPhones won’t include Qualcomm’s gigabit-download modem chips. It’s being seen as a setback for Apple, but will be little more than a blip in iPhone’s overall trajectory. Apple and Qualcomm Qualcomm has a wireless modem for smartphones today that offers theoretical download speeds up to 1Gb per second on some networks. We’ll get to that theoretical maximum below the fold, but the story starts with Apple and Qualcomm. The two companies are in a bitter fight over how the smartphone industry pays royalties. Qualcomm would like to continue long-standing industry-practice of basing royalty rates for patented technology on the retail price of consumer electronics devices. That practice works fairly well in the race-to-the-bottom world of open licensing and craptacularly mediocre products. Apple, however, makes premium products it sells for premium prices, and the company wants to pay royalty rates based on the overall value a patent is bringing the product, not its retail price. Put another way, Apple’s 0.05% royalty rate on an $800 iPhone is significantly higher than the 0.05% Samsung pays for some piece of crap $89 Android device. And they’re both paying for the same component. Apple wants to change this, Qualcomm doesn’t. And the two companies are engaged in a major court fight over the issue. While Apple and Qualcomm continue to do business—just like Apple and Samsung continue to do business despite their epic patent fight—Apple may be loathe to make itself beholden to Qualcomm for such a critical component as its modem chip. Two Companies, One Component The reality, though, is that Apple seldom allows itself to be beholden to any one company for a critical component. That’s been a big part of Apple’s strategy since Tim Cook took over Apple’s operations in 1998. There are a couple of reasons for that, both key. The first is that Apple plays one company against another to extract the best possible price. The second is that Apple has a fall back in case one supplier has quality or logistics problems. Bloomberg noted that Intel has its own gigabit download speed modem in the works, but it won’t be ready in time for Apple’s 2017 iPhone product line. Because Apple’s production numbers are massive, iPhones announced in September are being ramped up even now. Half-Baked Technologies There is no doubt that carriers and hardware makers first to market with Gigabit download speeds will bray the news far, wide, and loudly. There is even less doubt that the tech blogosophere and echo chamber will masticate the fact that iPhones can’t do what Samsung or HTC or whomever can. Apple haters will cackle with glee that this or that destined-for-malware Android device is markedly faster than iPhone. But it won’t matter to the general public for several reasons. 1.) Outside the echo chamber, few will know or care about gigabit download speeds. 2.) Apple haters gonna hate. They’ve been doing it forever, yet Apple is Apple. 3.) Initially, gigabit download speeds will be theoretical, not real. As Bloomberg put it, “Achieving 1 gigabit data speeds requires almost lab-like optimal signal conditions that seldom occur in the real world.” Apple seldom (if ever) supports half-baked carrier technologies for iPhone. Apple was later than the rest of the market with 3G network support and LTE/4G support. Apple’s competitors (and its haters) tried to make hay about that, too, and we know how that story ended. I bet you, dear reader, had completely forgotten about the Apple-is-dead-because-iPhone-doesn’t-do-LTE narrative permeating the echo chamber a few years ago. iPhone Will Cruise Along Certainly Apple will be hammered for not doing gigabit speeds for a few month, but “hammered” is relative. As much as many of us in the echo chamber thinks the echo chamber matters, it’s still an echo chamber. Apple will introduce gigabit download speeds to iPhone when it’s ready, and the world will quickly forget it ever cared. It is known. Shares of $AAPL dropped 3.88% on Friday to close at US$148.98, down $6.01, on almost triple the normal volume. That drop was part of a broader tech selloff. *In the interest of full disclosure, the author holds a tiny, almost insignificant share in AAPL stock that was not an influence in the creation of this article. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, Gigabit Downloads, Intel, iPhone, Qualcomm You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Here are the iPhones and iPads that Won't Run iOS 11 Now That Apple’s Announced the iMac Pro, What Does This Mean for Mac Pro Design? - Page 2 of 3 Apple's WWDC Keynote Was One We Never Dreamed Could Happen Hands on with iOS 11: My First 30 Minutes 2 Comments Add a comment John Kheit June 9, 2017 Totally right on the money and excellent analysis Bryan. Good stuff. June 9, 2017 at 11:10 EDT PM Bryan Chaffin June 10, 2017 Thanks, John! June 10, 2017 at 12:31 EDT AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple’s 2017 iPhones Won’t Have Gigabit Download Speeds, and it Won’t Matter to Most Customers Bryan Chaffin | June 9, 2017 Post WWDC: Has Apple Fixed Everything, or do Weaknesses Remain? John Martellaro | June 9, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $148.98 -6.01 (-3.88%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » What We Know About Apple’s Business Chat So Far [Update] iOS 11 Developer Beta 1: Video Walkthrough of Siri's New Voice iPhone 7s, 7s Plus May Have iPhone 8-like Glass Back TMO WWDC 2017 Coverage Sponsor: Other World Computing iOS 11 Tries to Balance Privacy and Fraud-Prevention, Could Affect Used iPhones Recent Tips See All » macOS: Revoking FileVault Access for Individual Accounts Ditch the Honeycomb App Grid in watchOS 4 iOS 11: Record Your iPhone Screen Without an App iOS 11 Developer Beta 1 Helps Manage Storage macOS Mail: Making a "Not Replied To" Smart Mailbox Recent Editorials See All » Apple’s 2017 iPhones Won’t Have Gigabit Download Speeds, and it Won’t Matter to Most Customers Post WWDC: Has Apple Fixed Everything, or do Weaknesses Remain? Taylor Swift isn't Exclusive to Apple Music, and it's Probably Just Business All of a Sudden, I Want All of Apple's New Hardware Amazon Thinks Alexa Should Be Able to Talk to Siri and HomePod 18903 Bryan Chaffin columns-opinions 2 1497028745 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Viagra Obsolete: New Replacement Cheaper, Safer & Faster Home | Politics Tags: Comey Testimony | Donald Trump | Trump Administration | house intel | panel | white house | trump House Intel Panel Asks WH for Any Trump-Comey Tapes (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) By Todd Beamon   |   Friday, 09 Jun 2017 05:02 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Leaders of the House Intelligence Committee investigating Russia Friday asked the White House to confirm and produce any possible tapes of President Donald Trump's conversations with former FBI Director James Comey. Republican Rep. Mike Conaway of Texas and Democrat Adam Schiff of California set a June 23 deadline for production of "any White House recordings or memoranda of Comey's conversations with President Trump now exist or have in the past" in a letter to White House counsel Don McGahn. The legislators also asked Comey to produce "any notes or memoranda in his possession memorializing discussions" with Trump, with the same deadline. House Intel sent letter to WH demanding any tape recordings of conversations between President & Comey be preserved, and produced by June 23 pic.twitter.com/6kQYY4EQpR — Adam Schiff (@RepAdamSchiff) June 9, 2017 The letter came within hours of President Trump refusing to say whether the tapes existed at a news conference in the White House Rose Garden. "I'll tell you something about that maybe sometime in the very near future," Trump told reporters, later adding: "I'll tell you about it over a short period of time. "I'm not hinting at anything." Related Stories: Trump: '100 Percent' Willing to Testify Under Oath Sen. Rand Paul: Finding Washington Leaker Is Vital © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Politics Leaders of the House Intelligence Committee investigating Russia Friday asked the White House to confirm and produce any possible tapes of President Donald Trump's conversations with former FBI Director James Comey. house intel, panel, white house, trump, james comey, tapes 190 Friday, 09 Jun 2017 05:02 PM 2017-02-09 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics Trump Administration Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Bill Kristol Tweets: Does Trump Have Something to Hide? Friday, 09 Jun 2017 22:37 PM Conservative journalist Bill Kristol took to Twitter Friday to ask why President Donald Trump was so "obsessed" with the . . . Jon Ossoff Gets Massive Out-of-State Support in House Race Friday, 09 Jun 2017 20:47 PM Jon Ossoff, the Democrat leading the polls ahead of a special House election in Georgia, has earned nearly all of his ca . . . Trump Expected to Roll out New Cuba Policy as Early as Next Friday Friday, 09 Jun 2017 20:30 PM President Donald Trump is expected to travel to Miami as early as next Friday to announce a new Cuba policy that could t . . . More Most Commented Comey: Trump Told Me 'I Need Loyalty. I Expect Loyalty' Wednesday, 07 Jun 2017 | 892 comments The FBI Director serves at the pleasure of the President.,,enough said!... Alleged Leaker Reality Winner Leans Left, Hates Trump Tuesday, 06 Jun 2017 | 803 comments Leavenworth is where she belongs! Prosecute her!... Trump on Comey: 'No Collusion, No Obstruction, He's a Leaker' Friday, 09 Jun 2017 | 581 comments TRUMP 2020 .........CAN'T WAIT TO VOTE FOR DONALD J. TRUMP AGAIN... Report: Van Hits Pedestrians at London Bridge Saturday, 03 Jun 2017 | 1133 comments Is Donald Trump looking any better to you globalists yet ????... Trump Touts Travel Ban, Hits Justice Dept. Monday, 05 Jun 2017 | 537 comments President Trump has the legal right to stop all refugee programs and... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home About Us Read paper Menu News News `Bring Back Our Girls Movement` 3rd Anniversary To Commence ”We want Biafra because nothing is working in Nigeria again”- IPOB Leader ‘Antidote To Corruption’- Dino Melaye’s Book Launch Close Photonews UNICEF, 16 Nigerian states in Osun to understudy welfare programmes PhotoNews: Governor Aregbesola Attends First Cabinet Meeting after Swear-in PHOTONEWS: Aregbesola, Fayose And NUPENG Officials Meet To Resolve Ekiti Fuel Crisis Close Oduduwa “Na Gbese I Carry For Head”- Agbaje Speaks On How Elections Left Him Indebted “Ekiti State Is Now Part Of Biafra,” – Fayose #Awo30YearsOn: Yoruba Leaders Describe Awolowo As Seer Of Nation’s Fortunes, Harp On Unity Close Entertainment Dammy Krane Unfollows Everyone On His Instagram. Churchill Sends Sweet Birthday Message To Estranged Wife, Tonto Dikeh Veteran Actor Baba Suwe Very Ill – Yomi Fabiyi Raises Alarm Close Close Osun Osun First Lady Distributes Gift Items to Women Witness Protection Bill Sponsored by Late Sen. Adeleke Passed Iwo Robbery: Osun Promises Justice UNIOSUN VC: On The Challenges Confronting Nigeria Close Politics Witness Protection Bill Sponsored by Late Sen. Adeleke Passed Registering APDA will Cause Confusion, APGA Tells INEC British Government to Invest in Kano Allegation of Nepotism Against Osinbajo Laughable – Aide Close Op-Ed Obasanjo, Youth Neglect and the Fear of Revolution By Matthew Ozah Admission of Morocco into ECOWAS is an Anti-Nigeria Move, By Bolaji Akinyemi Editorial: Buhari Administration’s Mid-term Who is Afraid of Prof Osinbajo? Close Sports Super Eagles Will Deliver Against Bafana – Onazi Super Eagles Pleads For Media Support For Up Coming Campaign- Support Rashford Shows Modesty To Injured Victims Of Manchester Terror Attack Manchester United Now World’s Richest Football Club Close Economy Economy Nigeria Requires N2.98 Billion To Curb Armyworm Infestation Of Farms Food Prices to Crash in 2 Weeks – Agric Minister Smuggling Of Agricultural Products Is Sabotage – Saraki Close Agriculture Nigeria Requires N2.98 Billion To Curb Armyworm Infestation Of Farms Food Prices to Crash in 2 Weeks – Agric Minister Smuggling Of Agricultural Products Is Sabotage – Saraki Close Technology Apple Is Manufacturing A Siri Speaker To Outdo Google And Amazon Nigeria Misses Another Digital Migration Deadline First Trailer For FIFA 18 Will Be Revealed Tomorrow On YouTube Close Close Home News Osun Politics Op-Ed Sports Economy About Read paper Apple Is Manufacturing A Siri Speaker To Outdo Google And Amazon Apple Inc is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” may be on your nightstand or kitchen counter as well. The iPhone-maker has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple could debut the speaker…” Moroti Olatujoye June 9, 2017 7:56 pm Technology Share Tweet Share Apple Inc is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” may be on your nightstand or kitchen counter as well. The iPhone-maker has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple could debut the speaker as soon as its annual developer conference in June, but the device will not be ready to ship until later in the year, the people said. The device will differ from Amazon.com Inc.’s Echo and Alphabet Inc.’s Google Homespeakers by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with Apple’s product lineup, said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss products that aren’t yet public. Introducing a speaker would serve two main purposes: providing a hub to automate appliances and lights via Apple’s HomeKit system, and establishing a bulwark inside the home to lock customers more tightly into Apple’s network of services. That would help combat the competitive threat from Google’s and Amazon’s connected speakers: the Home and Echo mostly don’t support services from Apple. Without compatible hardware, users may be more likely to opt for the Echo or Home, and therefore use streaming music offerings such as Spotify, Amazon Prime Music or Google Play rather than Apple Music. READ  Social Media Week Returns To Lagos “This will be a platform for developing Apple’s services,” says Gene Munster, a co-founder of Loup Ventures and former Apple analyst. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller declined to comment. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook has emphasized Apple’s services businesses over the past 18 months as iPhone sales slowed. He expects service revenue to double by 2020 from last year’s $24 billion. A speaker may help keep customers loyal to service products such as Apple Music, a subscription music streaming offering that costs $10 per month. The speaker would likely be tucked into Apple’s “Other Products” category, which currently includes devices like the Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods. That set of products generated $11 billion in sales last year. Inventec Corp., the Taipei manufacturer that already makes the AirPod wireless headphones, will add the speaker to its Apple repertoire, the people said. Apple employees have been secretly testing the device in their homes for several months, they said. The Siri speaker reached an advanced prototype stage late last year, Bloomberg News reported at the time. An Inventec representative didn’t respond to a request for comment outside normal business hours in Taiwan. READ  The Next Round Of Xbox One Tweaks Include Custom Avatars This year’s developers conference will be the first since 2013 to introduce new hardware. Apple could announce updated iPad tablets at the conference, one of the people said. Apple last updated the 9.7-inch iPad Pro in March 2016 and hasn’t refreshed the larger 12.9-inch model since its November 2015 debut. Planned Mac updates will include refreshed versions of the MacBook and MacBook Pro with faster Intel Corp. processors, Bloomberg News reported earlier this month. Apple hopes that more advanced acoustics technology will give the speaker an edge over competitors, according to people with knowledge of the product’s development. Along with generating virtual surround sound, the speakers being tested are louder and reproduce sound more crisply than rival offerings, the people said. Apple has also considered including sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels during use, one of the people said. Apple will also likely let third-party services build products for the speaker. Last year, Apple opened up Siri on the iPhone to the likes of Uber Technologies Inc. and Facebook Inc., allowing a user to order a ride or send a WhatsApp message with a voice command. READ  Reports Facebook Won't Censor Suicide Videos The device will be a hub for Apple’s HomeKit home automation system, letting users control devices such as lights, door locks and window blinds. At present, an Apple TV or iPad is required to control that equipment from outside the home or automatically. The Echo and Google Home both support third-party services and smart home appliances. Ahead of Apple’s launch, the competition has upgraded their speakers with support for making voice calls, while Amazon’s gained a touchscreen. Apple’s speaker won’t include such a screen, according to people who have seen the product.An Apple-designed speaker with high-end sound quality that fits perfectly into the Apple ecosystem is a familiar pitch. In 2006, Apple unveiled the iPod Hi-Fi, a battery powered speaker designed to cast a shadow over the thriving iPod third-party accessory market. With its bulky size and high price point, the Hi-Fi flopped and was discontinued within 18 months of launching. With Siri and a clear hole in its ecosystem, Apple is banking that its second try at a speaker product will do better. Credit: Boomberg Apple Inc Technology Share Tweet Share Join the discussion Cancel reply Name * Email * Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Related Posts See All Three Mobile Apps That Might Help Your Productivity EXCLUSIVE: The Human’s Brain… Local Firm Plans to Help FG Save $380m Nigerian High School Girls Build Robots To Tackle Waste Robot Cars With No Human Driver Could Hit California Roads Next Year Job Vacancy: Solution Architect Packet Core- Nigeria Banky W Become Samsung Ambassador Why The IPhone 8 Will Probably Leave Samsung’s Galaxy S8 In The Dust Categories Menu News Photonews Oduduwa Entertainment Osun Politics Op-Ed Sports Economy Agriculture Technology Others Main Menu Home About Read paper Term of Use Contact Us Subscribe & Follow Join Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Osun Defender, All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 June 2017 by Sambit Kumar Global Bluetooth Modules market Drivers and Challenges Report 2022 Bluetooth Modules Market Report shows the full intimation about Bluetooth module Industry, It is fully qualified Bluetooth V2.0+EDR (Enhanced Data Rate) 3Mbps Modulation with complete 2.4GHz radio transceiver and baseband. “Global Bluetooth Modules Market 2017-2022” Purchase This Report by calling ResearchnReports.com at +1-888-631-6977. A major chunk of the report talks about the technologies that are and will influence the growth of the Global Bluetooth Modules Market. Forecasts for these technology sectors are presented in the report. Integration is the key to advancement in technology in this market. Companies that offers the latest integrated technologies at an affordable cost are expected to thrive in the market. The dominating technologies in the Bluetooth Modules market along with the upcoming technologies that are expected to revolutionize the market are explained in the report. The report is characterized into numerous parts dealing with diverse aspects of the market. This research report inspects the present situation and development prognosis of the Global Bluetooth Modules market around the globe during the forecasting horizon. To determine the market size, the report analyzes revenue produced in this market worldwide alongside demonstrating the segmentation of the prime producers. Request Sample Copy for This Report@ http://www.researchnreports.com/request_sample.php?id=90380 Trusted current state analysis tools, such as Porter’s five forces analysis and SWOT analysis are employed in the report to assess the market data to deploy a complete overview of the market. Furthermore, this report gives a complete review of the magnitude and application scope of the Global Bluetooth Modules market around the world. A detailed overview of the purchasing criteria and difficulties confronted in the business sector is also elaborated in this report. The market share evaluation of the primary players of this industry given in the report offers a thorough evaluation of the market shares of the companies profiled in this report. The report fuses an analysis of the company profiles as well as the industry patterns for this market used transversely over diverse end-use businesses. Key Vendors: Murata, Qualcomm, Intel, Broadcom, Panasonic, Texas Instruments, Fujitsu, Hosiden, STMicroelectronics, Laird, Taiyo Yuden, Cypress Semiconductor, Microchip Technology, Silicon Labs Enquiry before Buying This Report@ https://www.researchnreports.com/enquiry_before_buying.php?id=90380 About Research N Reports:  Research N Reports is a new age market research firm where we focus on providing information that can be effectively applied. Today being a consumer driven market, companies require information to deal with the complex and dynamic world of choices. Where relying on a sound board firm for your decisions becomes crucial. Research N Reports specializes in industry analysis, market forecasts and as a result getting quality reports covering all verticals, whether be it gaining perspective on current market conditions or being ahead in the cut throat Global competition. Since we excel at business research to help businesses grow, we also offer consulting as an extended arm to our services which only helps us gain more insight into current trends and problems. Consequently we keep evolving as an all-rounder provider of viable information under one roof.  Contact: (Research N Reports) 10916, Gold Point Dr, Houston, TX, Pin – 77064, Sunny Denis (Sales Manager), +1-8886316977, sales@researchnreports.com , www.researchnreports.com CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Gas Cylinder Making Machine Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Riveting Machine Market Key Players, Product and Production Information analysis and forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Cold Rolling Embossing Machine Market Effect and Growth Factors Research and Projection 2021 Metal Rod Cold Rolling Machine Market Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Nickel Sheets Shear Machine Market Competition Analysis by Type, Region Forecast 2021 Roll Forming Machine Market Analysis by Applications, Competitors and Forecast to 2021 Metal Etching Machine Market Research and Projections 2021 on Consumer Needs, Pricing strategy, Revenue and Growth Rate RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Phoronix Turns 13: Phoronix celebrateed its 13th birthday of continuous Linux coverage on June 5. Each year it unfortunately becomes increasingly difficult to operate due to ad-blockers. We rely upon advertisements to continue. If you continue blocking ads, consider a tip via PayPal to help support our work. Or you can get on our ad-free premium service that offers additional benefits with Phoronix Premium. Thanks! More AMDGPU DC Patches Posted As It Looks Unlikely It Will Land For Linux 4.13 Written by Michael Larabel in Radeon on 9 June 2017 at 05:35 PM EDT. 19 Comments Another set of 27 patches were posted today for AMDGPU's DC (formerly DAL) display stack, but it's looking increasingly unlikely that this code will be merged for Linux 4.13. Harry Wentland of AMD today posted 27 more patches for this display stack. The latest work includes universal cursor plane support, many Raven Ridge APU fixes (Zen + Vega APU, coming later this year) -- including Raven Ridge stereo display support and DCN clock-gating, and various fixes. This is about another thousand lines of codes changes for this massive AMD display stack that's long been in development. These latest DC patches come after AMD already submitted its main Radeon/AMDGPU pull for Linux 4.13 by way of DRM-Next. There's still just a week or two that new feature material will be accepted in DRM-Next for in turn landing in Linux 4.13 merge window (as David Airlie's been more strict now about getting material in -next early, especially big invasive feature work like DC), and thus it's looking very unlikely DC is going to make it for the next kernel round -- especially that the massive patch series hasn't been posted for a final big round of public review on dri-devel. In the comments to the article about the AMDGPU feature updates for Linux 4.13, there was nothing said by the AMD developers to indicate they still hoped to get it ready for Linux 4.13, but it was said they are still behind the effort, "Porting the DAL code to the legacy amdgpu modesetting code is probably more work than finishing the DAL rework and you don't get atomic support." But some "good" news brought to light is that while there won't be any Radeon RX Vega display support until DC lands, it should work with DRI_PRIME. So if you get a Vega GPU and don't want to build your own kernel or rely upon AMDGPU-PRO, but happen to have Intel integrated graphics, you could plug your display into the Intel graphics and activate DRI_PRIME for rendering via Vega... Less than ideal, but at least that works. Here's hoping that AMDGPU DC will be ready for Linux 4.14 for Vega / Raven Ridge display support, atomic mode-setting, HDMI 2.0, FreeSync, and finally having HDMI/DP audio on modern Radeon GPUs. The sad part though is Ubuntu 17.10 and other September~October distributions will likely be shipping with Linux 4.13. 19 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Radeon News RadeonSI ARB_bindless_texture Revised, Nearly Ready For Mesa 17.2 Git RADV External Memory Patches Revised, Needed For SteamVR Support My Three Hopes For AMD's Open-Source Stack The Rest Of 2017 RADV Vulkan Driver Is Prepping For Vega/GFX9 Support Radeon RX Vega Launch Postponed To SIGGRAPH ARB_bindless_texture Updated For RadeonSI Gallium3D Popular News Some Ryzen Linux Users Are Facing Issues With Heavy Compilation Loads AMD Begins Cutting Prices On Ryzen CPUs LZ4m: Taking LZ4 Compression To The Next Level Ubuntu 17.10 Begins Transition To GNOME Shell Desktop By Default TrueOS BSD Stable Milestone With Installer Improvements, Lumina 1.2.2 Desktop Steam Linux Usage Ticks Up Slightly For May Latest Linux News NVIDIA Releases New Public Vulkan Beta Driver, Includes 4 New Extensions More AMDGPU DC Patches Posted As It Looks Unlikely It Will Land For Linux 4.13 PCI Express 4.0 Is Ready, PCI Express 5.0 In 2019 Wine 2.10 Released With Initial Android Graphics Driver Librem 13 v2 Support Lands In Upstream Coreboot KDE Neon Begins Vetting Qt 5.9 Google Is Exploring Potentially Using Btrfs In Android RadeonSI ARB_bindless_texture Revised, Nearly Ready For Mesa 17.2 Git VirtualBox DRM/KMS Graphics Driver Being Prepped For Mainline Kernel Etnaviv DRM Driver Reverse-Engineers Performance Counters Support Latest Featured Articles 18-Way NVIDIA/AMD Linux Performance For Dawn Of War III Intel OpenGL Performance On macOS 10.12 vs. Clear Linux, Ubuntu Radeon's Open-Source Linux GPU Driver Has Nearly Caught Up With Windows' Driver GL_vs_VK: A Micro-Benchmark Looking At The Overhead Of OpenGL vs. Vulkan APIs 15-Way NVIDIA/AMD OpenCL GPU Linux Benchmarks Of Ethereum Ethminer Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,431.77 -2.02 (-0.08%) Dow 30 21,271.97 +89.44 (+0.42%) Nasdaq 6,207.92 -113.85 (-1.80%) Take Our Survey Do you trust American companies? Results will appear in an upcoming Yahoo Finance article. How Trump Could (but Won’t) Escape the Comey Trap Rob Garver The Fiscal Times June 9, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share How Trump Could (but Won’t) Escape the Comey TrapMore Following Thursday’s appearance by former Federal Bureau of Investigation director James Comey before the Senate Intelligence Committee and the subsequent reaction to his testimony from the White House, the temptation is to allow the question of what went on between the President and his FBI director earlier this year devolve into a he-said-he-said narrative. But it’s not. Comey called Trump a liar, both directly and indirectly. He said that Trump and his surrogates had told “lies, plain and simple” about the internal state of the FBI in the months prior to Trump firing Comey in early May. He said that Trump lied about Comey soliciting a one-on-one White House dinner with the president, and about what they had discussed during it. Related: Here’s the Part of Comey’s Testimony That Could Come Back to Haunt Him He said that he took to writing down detailed notes about his meetings and phone calls with Trump immediately afterward because he was “honestly concerned that he might lie about the nature of our meeting.” Not long after his testimony, the White House sent Trump’s personal attorney, Marc Kasowitz, to the National Press Club in Washington where he read a statement that in effect, accused Comey of lying to the Senate. To Comey’s claim that Trump asked him to drop an investigation of former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn after clearing the Oval Office of senior members of his administration, Kasowitz said that Trump, “never, in form or substance, directed or suggested that Mr. Comey stop investigating anyone, including suggesting that Mr. Comey ‘let Flynn go.’” Related: The Only Person Who Can Bring Down Trump Is Sitting in the Oval Office He also denied Comey’s claim that Trump had asked for his personal loyalty, saying, “The President also never told Mr. Comey, ‘I need loyalty, I expect loyalty’ in form or substance.” While Kasowitz’s statement could, conceivably, leave room for him to claim that Comey was simply mistaken, Trump went on Twitter Friday morning and removed all doubt about the administration’s position with regard to the former FBI director. Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 9, 2017 So, we have two men calling each other liars, based on their recollections of conversations in which nobody other than the two of them was present. Under other circumstances, it really would be a classic he-said-he-said situation in which the listener had little basis for discerning the actual truth of what happened. Related: 4 Major Questions Comey Must Answer About Trump Except that’s not really what’s happening here. More properly, on one side of the equation we have “he-said-while-under-oath-and-risking-penalty-of-perjury” while on the other, we’ve got “he-tweeted.” In other words, it’s not the same thing at all. Even without taking into consideration the public reputation of the two men involved, Comey’s testimony on Thursday simply carries more weight than either Trump’s statement through his attorney or his tweet, simply because of what Comey placed on the line. He didn’t just risk destroying his personal reputation with Thursday’s testimony. He placed himself at risk of criminal prosecution and jail time if he lied under oath to Congress. And as he did so, he effectively dared the president to produce audio tapes of their conversations, which Trump insinuated -- again, in a tweet -- that he might possess. If Comey was lying, the tapes alone could send him to prison. Related: Comey Returns to Capitol Hill – But Will His Credibility? True, this could be the equivalent of a poker player with a pair of threes pushing all his chips into the middle of the table in a desperate attempt to bluff his way to victory. But it would be an odd gamble indeed for Comey, who isn’t trying to avoid other kinds of legal jeopardy, and who already has his pick of insanely lucrative private sector jobs waiting for him whenever he wants, to take one. And all this ignores the respective public reputations of the two men involved in this dispute. Despite Deputy White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders’ insistence on Thursday that “The president is not a liar,” there is really no reasonable question about the fact that Trump frequently and knowingly spreads false information -- that is, he lies -- on a regular basis. Read More People may dislike Comey for multiple reasons. He has given members of both parties plenty of reason over the years. But in two and a half hours of testimony on Thursday, his truthfulness was not questioned by either Republicans or Democrats. The closest any came to disputing his version of events was to challenge his interpretation of President Trump’s intentions in his comments about Flynn. Related: Intel Chiefs Avoid Questions on Trump, Turning Up the Heat on Comey The path forward for Trump here ought to be simple. He can even up the credibility balance by putting just as much on the line in this dispute as Comey has done. (Or, more realistically, as he doesn’t enjoy Comey’s reputation for truthfulness, he can try to come as close as possible.) To do that, he could offer a sworn statement to Congress under the same threat of perjury that his former FBI director now faces. If he’s feeling particularly daring, he could even offer to testify in person and take questions. He could, if they actually exist, release the tape recordings of his meetings with Comey. He could do any or all of these things. But on this hand, at least, Trump is more likely to look at the stack of chips Comey has pushed into the pot, assume the former FBI director is holding something a lot better than a couple of threes, and look for a way to fold without losing too much face. Top Reads from The Fiscal Times: Why a Top Republican Wants to Keep Paying the Obamacare Insurers Postal Worker Health Care Reform Would Shift Billions in Costs to Medicare Senate Republicans Are Headed for a July 4th Showdown Over Health Care Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Trump's social media director admonished for political tweet Associated Press Trump on existence of Comey recordings: 'You're going to be very disappointed' Yahoo News Pelosi: I wish George W. Bush were president now Gabby Kaufman Donald Trump Stalls For Time When Asked About Comey Tapes At News Conference Deadline This is the reason James Comey was so creeped out by Donald Trump Vox.com Warner Bros. was surprised by the success of 'Wonder Woman' — and it'll have to pay for it Business Insider Tech stocks tumble, taking down Nasdaq as big names sink Reuters All the good workers are taken in this surprising part of America Yahoo Finance Here’s the Part of Comey’s Testimony That Could Come Back to Haunt Him The Fiscal Times This hotel comes with a water slide in every room Yahoo Finance Video Ray Kurzweil on bitcoin: 'I wouldn't put my money into it' Yahoo Finance Amazon stock flash crashes and then quickly recovers Business Insider Here’s What to Do If You Win the $435 Million Powerball Jackpot The Fiscal Times GOP shrugs off Comey revelations, sticks with Trump Associated Press Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree all entrepreneurs need this quality MarketWatch Former Continental CEO on the airline industry and saving Continental Yahoo Finance Video Fox News Was Attacking Barack Obama for Using Dijon Mustard at This Point in His Presidency Laurie: Fox attacked Obama for using Dijon mustard but makes excuses for Trump's team having dozens of highly inappropriate meetings, secret meetings with the enemy state of Russia, which they then tried to cover up? Yep, that makes sense. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.6k
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software 7 Days: A week of Apple's developer conference, Amazon's Fire and Ice, and Scorpio's S 2 hours ago 'Zusy' malware spreads just by hovering over a hyperlink in a malicious PowerPoint file 8 hours ago Google updates its support timeline for Pixel and Nexus devices 8 hours ago OnePlus 5 could debut in India starting at Rs. 32,999 9 hours ago View all recent news Microsoft might be infringing on Intel's patents with Windows on ARM's x86 emulation 14 hours ago Slow ring Office Insiders get a new build for Windows 10 Mobile Jun 9, 2017 Windows 10 Mobile Insider Preview build 15222 is now available in the Fast ring Jun 8, 2017 Windows 10 Insider Preview build 16215 for PCs: What's been fixed... and what hasn't Jun 8, 2017 View all Microsoft news Google updates its support timeline for Pixel and Nexus devices 8 hours ago Android O Developer Preview 3 is now available, including final APIs Jun 8, 2017 New Office Insider Preview for Android adds comments, a numeric keypad, and more Jun 7, 2017 A Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ could be coming to the United States Jun 7, 2017 View all Google news Police arrests crooks in China making millions off of iPhone data Jun 9, 2017 Hands-on with the first watchOS 4 beta Jun 8, 2017 Hands on with Apple's first Developer Beta of iOS 11 Jun 8, 2017 T-Mobile will offer Apple's latest iPad Pro starting next week Jun 8, 2017 View all Apple news Movavi Video Editor 12.5 22 hours ago CoolTweak 3.3 Jun 8, 2017 Internet Download Manager 6.28 Build 12 Jun 8, 2017 Text Editor Pro 1.2.1 Jun 8, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending LG G6 review: A solid, stylish Android phone that checks the right boxes Jun 4, 2017 Review: The best of both worlds, Samsung's new convertible wireless charger May 24, 2017 Bluboo Edge review: A curved screen gimmick on an entry-level smartphone May 21, 2017 Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet unboxing and first impressions Jun 3, 2017 HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings Windows 10 build 16215 heads to PCs in Fast ring, with new look Action Center and a LOT more Jun 8, 2017 New video shows off the OnePlus 5's audio recording capabilities compared to the OnePlus 3 Jun 9, 2017 Microsoft might be infringing on Intel's patents with Windows on ARM's x86 emulation 14 hours ago Google updates its support timeline for Pixel and Nexus devices 8 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save 92% off this Complete Data Science Certification Training Bundle - get for just $49 17 hours ago Get a two year subscription to HideMyAss! VPN for just $54.99 - 65% off with Neowin Deals Jun 8, 2017 Get this Full Stack JavaScript Bundle for just $38 via Neowin Deals Jun 7, 2017 Get The Software QA & Testing Bundle: Lifetime Subscription for just $29 via Neowin Deals Jun 6, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Bandicam 3.4.1.1256 By Razvan Serea News Reporter Neowin LLC · May 25, 2017 with 0 comments Bandicam is a high performance Game Recorder, Video Capture, and Desktop Screen Capture program. It's high quality and the recorded file size is extremely smaller than other software. Furthermore, Bandicam minimizes the CPU usage, it will allow a streaming video to be captured in a low-grade computer. Bandicam supports AVI 2.0 OpenDML extensions, so the maximum clip size is unlimited as long as the HDD available. The most advanced PC screen and game recording software on the planet The Bandicam program makes it possible to record a certain area on a PC screen, or on a program that uses the DirectX/OpenGL/Vulkan graphic technologies. Bandicam will help you carry out a video record with high compression ratio, while keeping the video quality closer to the original work, and provides performance far superior to other programs that provide similar functions. Video-recording of games and streaming videos Recording of games, webcam, HDMI and your PC screen Record 4K Ultra HD resolution and capture up to 120 FPS H.264, Xvid, MPEG-4/1 and MJPEG video codec support AAC, PCM and MPEG-1 Layer II audio codec support AVI/MP4 media format support Image-capturing of games and streaming videos BMP, PNG and JPEG image format support Continuous image capturing Frame rate control (FPS management) FPS overlay (Show FPS) FPS limit Improved recording performance by using a hardware-accelerated H.264 encoder Bandicam provides hardware accelerated h.264 encoder Nvidia® CUDA/NVENC H.264 encoder Intel® Quick Sync video H.264 encoder AMD APP H.264 encoder Key features of Bandicam: Bandicam supports almost all of the Fraps' functions (Fraps Alternative, Better than Fraps®) The recoded file size is much smaller than other software (Bandicam compresses the video when recording) You can upload the recorded file to YouTube without converting (720p/1080p full HD video can be made) You can record over 24 hours without stopping (Auto Complete Recording function can be used) You can record video at resolutions up to 2560*1600 in high quality Bandicam has less lag than other recording software (It uses much lower CPU/GPU/HDD usage) Changes in Bandicam 3.4.1.1256: Improved the stability of the Intel Quick Sync Video encoder. Improved the recording performance of the webcam overlay. Bandicam is now able to save a webcam overlay video in 60FPS (while saving the webcam overlay video as a separate file). The default recording time for Auto Complete Recording has changed from 10 minutes to 60 minutes. The default rectangle size for screen recording has changed from 640x480 to 1280x720. Bugs fixed: Failed to use the webcam recording function while ESET AntiVirus was running. The input format of a specific webcam device wasn't applied to the webcam overlay function. The Drawing mode menu was disabled while not recording. Other minor bugs fixed. Download: Bandicam 3.4.1.1256 | 16.3 MB (Shareware) View: Bandicam Home Page | Demo Video Tags Bandisoft Bandicam Screen recorder Video capture Game recorder Capture screen Video recorder Shareware Software Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story PotPlayer 1.7.2233 Next Story Kodi 17.3 released for download Community Activity Refresh Windows 10 build 16215 heads to PCs in Fast ring, with new look Action Center and a LOT more in Front Page News Which CMS System is best in Web Design & Programming Scorpio speculation grows as hidden messages are spotted in Microsoft's Xbox E3 teasers in Front Page News Everything 1.4.1.877 in Front Page News KeePass 2.36 in Front Page News 'Zusy' malware spreads just by hovering over a hyperlink in a malicious PowerPoint file in Front Page News Samsung reportedly won't offer an in-display fingerprint reader on the Galaxy Note8 in Front Page News Native Skype Linux app to stop working July 1 in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories Windows 10 build 16215 heads to PCs in Fast ring, with new look Action Center and a LOT more Jun 8, 2017 with 48 comments New video shows off the OnePlus 5's audio recording capabilities compared to the OnePlus 3 Jun 9, 2017 with 6 comments Microsoft might be infringing on Intel's patents with Windows on ARM's x86 emulation 14 hours ago with 39 comments Google updates its support timeline for Pixel and Nexus devices 8 hours ago with 4 comments Related Stories FastStone Capture 8.5 May 9, 2017 Bandicam 3.4.0 Apr 26, 2017 ShareX 11.7.0 Apr 14, 2017 Bandicam 3.3.3.1209 Mar 14, 2017 Show Comments 0 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals The Ultimate Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,186.00 $49.00 96% off Linux Essentials Bundle $225.00 $39.00 83% off Pay What You Want: The Ultimate Android Development Bundle $861.00 $1.00 100% off Private Internet Access VPN: 2-Yr Subscription $166.00 $59.95 64% off Ivacy VPN: 2-Yr Subscription $286.80 $19.95 93% off 7 DAYS A week of Apple's developer conference, Amazon's Fire and Ice, and Scorpio's S 7 days Skype shuts down on Windows Phone, RT, and Windows 10 Mobile Messaging app on July 1 skype expected in august Android O likely to be the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P android o review LG G6: A solid, stylish phone that checks the right boxes lg video Hands-on: A closer look at iOS 11 apple video Wearable wonder? Hands-on with the first watchOS 4 developer preview apple Windows 10 build 16215 brings a HUGE list of new features to PCs fall creators update VIDEO Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet unboxing lenovo Project Scorpio: Microsoft 'unlocks' extra RAM for gaming project scorpio Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software 7 Days: A week of Apple's developer conference, Amazon's Fire and Ice, and Scorpio's S 2 hours ago 'Zusy' malware spreads just by hovering over a hyperlink in a malicious PowerPoint file 8 hours ago Google updates its support timeline for Pixel and Nexus devices 8 hours ago OnePlus 5 could debut in India starting at Rs. 32,999 9 hours ago View all recent news Microsoft might be infringing on Intel's patents with Windows on ARM's x86 emulation 14 hours ago Slow ring Office Insiders get a new build for Windows 10 Mobile Jun 9, 2017 Windows 10 Mobile Insider Preview build 15222 is now available in the Fast ring Jun 8, 2017 Windows 10 Insider Preview build 16215 for PCs: What's been fixed... and what hasn't Jun 8, 2017 View all Microsoft news Google updates its support timeline for Pixel and Nexus devices 8 hours ago Android O Developer Preview 3 is now available, including final APIs Jun 8, 2017 New Office Insider Preview for Android adds comments, a numeric keypad, and more Jun 7, 2017 A Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ could be coming to the United States Jun 7, 2017 View all Google news Police arrests crooks in China making millions off of iPhone data Jun 9, 2017 Hands-on with the first watchOS 4 beta Jun 8, 2017 Hands on with Apple's first Developer Beta of iOS 11 Jun 8, 2017 T-Mobile will offer Apple's latest iPad Pro starting next week Jun 8, 2017 View all Apple news Movavi Video Editor 12.5 22 hours ago CoolTweak 3.3 Jun 8, 2017 Internet Download Manager 6.28 Build 12 Jun 8, 2017 Text Editor Pro 1.2.1 Jun 8, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending LG G6 review: A solid, stylish Android phone that checks the right boxes Jun 4, 2017 Review: The best of both worlds, Samsung's new convertible wireless charger May 24, 2017 Bluboo Edge review: A curved screen gimmick on an entry-level smartphone May 21, 2017 Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet unboxing and first impressions Jun 3, 2017 HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings Windows 10 build 16215 heads to PCs in Fast ring, with new look Action Center and a LOT more Jun 8, 2017 New video shows off the OnePlus 5's audio recording capabilities compared to the OnePlus 3 Jun 9, 2017 Microsoft might be infringing on Intel's patents with Windows on ARM's x86 emulation 14 hours ago Google updates its support timeline for Pixel and Nexus devices 8 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save 92% off this Complete Data Science Certification Training Bundle - get for just $49 17 hours ago Get a two year subscription to HideMyAss! VPN for just $54.99 - 65% off with Neowin Deals Jun 8, 2017 Get this Full Stack JavaScript Bundle for just $38 via Neowin Deals Jun 7, 2017 Get The Software QA & Testing Bundle: Lifetime Subscription for just $29 via Neowin Deals Jun 6, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ CPU-Z 1.79.1 By Razvan Serea News Reporter Neowin LLC · Jun 1, 2017 with 0 comments CPU-Z is a freeware utility that gathers information on some of the main devices of your system. CPU-Z does not need to be installed, just unzip the files in a directory and run the .exe. In order to remove the program, just delete the files. The program does not copy any file in any Windows directory, nor write to the registry. CPU Name and number. Core stepping and process. Package. Core voltage. Internal and external clocks, clock multiplier. Supported instructions sets. All cache levels (location, size, speed, technology). Mainboard Vendor, model and revision. BIOS model and date. Chipset (northbridge and southbridge) and sensor. Graphic interface. Memory Frequency and timings. Module(s) specification using SPD (Serial Presence Detect) : vendor, serial number, timings table. System Windows and DirectX version. What's new in this version: Intel X299 (1.79.1). AMD ThreadRipper (1.79.1). AMD Ryzen 5 and Ryzen 3. Fix lockup at loading on Ryzen systems with RAID. New benchmark version (17.01) Download: CPU-Z 1.79.1 | 3.5 MB (Freeware) View: CPU-Z Website Tags Cpu-z Motherboard information Cpu info Utility Tool Diagnostic tool Info Freeware Software Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story OpenShot Video Editor 2.3.4 Next Story qBittorrent 3.3.13 Community Activity Refresh Windows 10 build 16215 heads to PCs in Fast ring, with new look Action Center and a LOT more in Front Page News Which CMS System is best in Web Design & Programming Scorpio speculation grows as hidden messages are spotted in Microsoft's Xbox E3 teasers in Front Page News Everything 1.4.1.877 in Front Page News KeePass 2.36 in Front Page News 'Zusy' malware spreads just by hovering over a hyperlink in a malicious PowerPoint file in Front Page News Samsung reportedly won't offer an in-display fingerprint reader on the Galaxy Note8 in Front Page News Native Skype Linux app to stop working July 1 in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories Windows 10 build 16215 heads to PCs in Fast ring, with new look Action Center and a LOT more Jun 8, 2017 with 48 comments New video shows off the OnePlus 5's audio recording capabilities compared to the OnePlus 3 Jun 9, 2017 with 6 comments Microsoft might be infringing on Intel's patents with Windows on ARM's x86 emulation 14 hours ago with 39 comments Google updates its support timeline for Pixel and Nexus devices 8 hours ago with 4 comments Related Stories Codec Tweak Tool 6.1.9 May 24, 2017 Sysinternals Suite 2017.05.16 May 16, 2017 Glary Utilities 5.73.0.94 Apr 10, 2017 Codec Tweak Tool 6.1.4 Jan 12, 2017 Show Comments 0 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals The Ultimate Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,186.00 $49.00 96% off Linux Essentials Bundle $225.00 $39.00 83% off Pay What You Want: The Ultimate Android Development Bundle $861.00 $1.00 100% off Private Internet Access VPN: 2-Yr Subscription $166.00 $59.95 64% off Ivacy VPN: 2-Yr Subscription $286.80 $19.95 93% off 7 DAYS A week of Apple's developer conference, Amazon's Fire and Ice, and Scorpio's S 7 days Skype shuts down on Windows Phone, RT, and Windows 10 Mobile Messaging app on July 1 skype expected in august Android O likely to be the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P android o review LG G6: A solid, stylish phone that checks the right boxes lg video Hands-on: A closer look at iOS 11 apple video Wearable wonder? Hands-on with the first watchOS 4 developer preview apple Windows 10 build 16215 brings a HUGE list of new features to PCs fall creators update VIDEO Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet unboxing lenovo Project Scorpio: Microsoft 'unlocks' extra RAM for gaming project scorpio Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Toggle navigation Login Register RS Gathering Diaries × Toggle navigation BREAKING. House Committee Asks Trump for Tapes Share on Facebook Share on Twitter BREAKING. House Committee Asks Trump for Tapes Posted at 4:24 pm on June 9, 2017 by streiff Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Today in his press conference, President Trump played cute when asked about the existence of White House tapes President Trump on Friday refused to say whether tapes exist of his conversations with fired FBI Director James Comey. “I’ll tell you about that maybe sometime in the near future,” he told reporters during a White House news conference. Trump added that reporters eager to learn about the existence of tapes would be “very disappointed” to find out the answer. The era of ambiguity is about to come to an end: FLAG: House Intel Cmte requesting Comey's memos of his convos w/ Trump, also asking WH Counsel to provide any tapes of Trump's Comey convos. pic.twitter.com/pJG8KPUaNX — Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) June 9, 2017 Trending Trump & Comey: Can They Have Their Cake and Eat It, Too? smoosieq My suspicion is that there are no tapes and this is a typical Trump troll. But with Trump needing every ally on Capitol Hill that he can muster, it is hard to see why he has chosen this course of action. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Tags: Donald Trump James Comey russia probe Recent Stories Illegal Immigration Took a 27 Percent Jump in May Susan Wright BREAKING. House Committee Asks Trump for Tapes streiff Reza Aslan, Who Was Not Employed by CNN, Is Fired by CNN streiff COMMENTS POSTING RULES  |  LOGIN TO COMMENT  |  REGISTER TODAY Trending GOP Rep Recorded Saying Thanks to Trump 'We're Going to Hand the Gavel to Pelosi in 2018' WATCH: Tucker Carlson Makes a Plea for the Sanity of Porn-Surfing MSNBC Contributor BREAKING. House Committee Asks Trump for Tapes Reza Aslan, Who Was Not Employed by CNN, Is Fired by CNN Trump & Comey: Can They Have Their Cake and Eat It, Too? Trump Drives David Frum Barking Mad streiff BREAKING. Trump Commits To Upholding Article 5 Of North Atlantic Treaty (VIDEO) streiff Dear Moderate Muslims — It’s Not Enough to Apologize After the Fact Sarah Lee RedState’s WaterCooler! Friday, 6/9/2017 – Open Thread – CNN Retracts Stupid News and Trump is not Ignorant earhartam Trump’s First Post-Comey Hearing Presser: Live Stream and Open Thread Andrea Ruth Office Of Special Counsel Warns Trump Aide: No More Attempts At Election Interference Susan Wright Related Stories BREAKING. House Committee Asks Trump for Tapes streiff BREAKING. Trump Says He Will Testify Under Oath in Russia Probe (VIDEO) streiff Trending on Townhall Media Finally, a Balanced Portrait of Dick Cheney | Human Events humanevents.com The sad, strange battle to be the top reply to Trump's tweets - Hot Air Hot Air hotair.com #FakeNews and the White Power Hand Sign That Didn't Happen redstate.com DISGUSTING: Orb-ally Saudi Arabia refuses to recognize victims of London terror attacks at World Cup twitchy.com Home RS Gathering Advertise Newsletters Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright RedState.com. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you
