WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Technology Trader Microsoft Looks Like a Better Investment Bet Than Intel Both PC-centric companies are on the mend, but Microsoft is likely to deliver more for shareholders. By Tiernan Ray Biography Updated Jan. 28, 2017 12:44 a.m. ET Let’s hear it for diminished expectations. Both Microsoft and Intel, the dynamic duo of the personal-computer era, saw their shares rise last week as they delivered on modest expectations. But Microsoft (ticker: MSFT) looks like the better pick now for income investors, given its cash stash and earnings power. Intel (INTC) offers less opportunity to benefit from a potential tax holiday on cash stored overseas. Also, Intel’s business... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Is Microsoft Leaping Ahead of Amazon? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Warren Buffett’s $2.95 Breakfast Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. How Tesla Could Profit Off Its CEO’s Ties to Donald Trump Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. China’s Fake Bonds Flash Enron Warning Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Red Flags for Stocks, Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Oscar Schafer's 3 Values in a Pricey Market 2 Brian Rogers: 2 Stock Picks for the Trump Era 3 Goldman: 2 Stock Picks; How to Play Bonds Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Intel Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share SunTrust Banks Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) Declares $0.01 Monthly Dividend GKN plc (GKN) Receives GBX 346.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts First Bancorp (FBNC) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) Receives $277.64 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Dechra Pharmaceuticals plc (DPH) Receives GBX 1,370.33 Consensus PT from Brokerages Genus plc (GNS) Receives GBX 1,426 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages American Airlines Group, Inc. (AAL) Short Interest Down 4.9% in January FBR & Co Comments on UMB Financial Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (UMBF) SI Financial Group, Inc. (SIFI) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 Brokerages Set International Paper Company (IP) PT at $51.74 Mitek Systems, Inc. (MITK) Receives $9.63 Consensus PT from Brokerages Analysts Set Edison International (EIX) Target Price at $77.68 Q4 2016 Earnings Forecast for Consolidated Edison Inc Issued By KeyCorp (ED) Chevron Corporation (CVX) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss Henderson Far East Income Limited Announces Dividend of GBX 5.10 (HFEL) Salzgitter AG (SZG) Receives €30.08 Average Target Price from Brokerages Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc (MTU) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Analysts Set Johnson Matthey PLC (JMPLY) Price Target at $88.00 Intel Corporation (INTC) Short Interest Update Posted by Tony Sherman on Jan 28th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) was the target of a significant decrease in short interest in January. As of January 13th, there was short interest totalling 76,048,645 shares, a decrease of 4.2% from the December 30th total of 79,384,620 shares. Based on an average daily trading volume, of 17,598,610 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is currently 4.3 days. Currently, 1.6% of the shares of the stock are sold short. In other Intel Corporation news, EVP Diane M. Bryant sold 11,607 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, December 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $34.74, for a total value of $403,227.18. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 112,006 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,891,088.44. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, EVP Venkata S. M. Renduchintala sold 13,997 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, October 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $34.92, for a total value of $488,775.24. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 817 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $28,529.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 138,655 shares of company stock valued at $5,028,530. 0.09% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Hodges Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Hodges Capital Management Inc. now owns 16,350 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $593,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. First Command Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Intel Corporation during the fourth quarter worth about $455,000. Mission Wealth Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 8.2% in the fourth quarter. Mission Wealth Management LLC now owns 27,403 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $994,000 after buying an additional 2,082 shares during the period. Norway Savings Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Intel Corporation during the fourth quarter worth about $1,594,000. Finally, REDW Stanley Financial Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Intel Corporation during the fourth quarter worth about $1,703,000. 66.01% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 37.98 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $179.99 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.82 and a beta of 1.06. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $36.66 and a 200-day moving average price of $35.84. Intel Corporation has a 52 week low of $27.68 and a 52 week high of $38.45. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The chip maker reported $0.79 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.75 by $0.04. The company earned $16.40 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $15.75 billion. Intel Corporation had a return on equity of 21.05% and a net margin of 17.90%. Intel Corporation’s revenue for the quarter was up 10.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.74 EPS. Equities analysts predict that Intel Corporation will post $2.67 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, February 7th will be issued a dividend of $0.26 per share. This represents a $1.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.74%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, February 3rd. Intel Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 49.06%. Several analysts have issued reports on the company. Jefferies Group LLC cut their target price on Intel Corporation to $45.00 in a research note on Friday. Robert W. Baird reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $42.00 price objective on shares of Intel Corporation in a research note on Friday. Morgan Stanley raised Intel Corporation from an “underweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and increased their price objective for the company from $37.79 to $38.00 in a research note on Friday. Credit Suisse Group increased their price objective on Intel Corporation to $45.00 in a research note on Friday. Finally, Needham & Company LLC increased their price objective on Intel Corporation from $42.00 to $43.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have assigned a hold rating and thirty have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $40.24. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/28/intel-corporation-intc-short-interest-update.html. Intel Corporation Company Profile Intel Corporation is engaged in the design and manufacture of digital technology platforms. The Company’s segments include Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Software and Services (SSG) and All Other. CCG segment includes platforms designed for notebooks (including Ultrabook devices), 2 in 1 systems, desktops (including all-in-ones and personal computers (PCs)), tablets, phones, wireless and wired connectivity products, and mobile communication components. Receive News & Ratings for Intel Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. (PACB) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest Next » Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Stock Price Up 8% After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
MENU Press Offices BCX ContinuitySA Eset Hitachi Data Systems Huawei MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tecno Tom Tom USAASA UNICAF Veeam Westcon-Comstor Magazine Gallery Advertise Newsletter Submit News Contact MENU Home Africa’s Technology News Leader Top Stories The most important technology stories News Technology news categorized General General tech news Mobile and Telecoms Telecommunications Enterprise Cloud in Africa. Backup and Storage Backup and Storage news Big Data Big Data news Cloud Computing Cloud Computing news Internet of Things Enterprise Architecture news Hardware Hardware Software Software news IT Security The latest IT Security news Satellite Communications News about Satellite Communication Gadgets & Gaming Consumer Tech Startups Online & Social Internet, digital and social media news Events News Must attend Tech events Opinion According to the experts Features Taking an in-depth look PR Newswire Video Video interviews and features Industries Technology news by industry Education Mining and Energy Finance Healthcare Retail Regions IT news around Africa West Africa East Africa Southern Africa North Africa Companies Company news and Press Releases Company News Huawei HP Software Events Conferences and Seminars Seminar: Selling to the CIO, 15 & 16 Feb 2017 IoT Forum Africa | 29 – 30 March 2017 Education Innovation Summit | 31 May 2017 Healthcare Innovation Summit | 23 – 24 Aug 2017 Advertise Connect with our audience Top 10 Tech Brands in the World January 28, 2017 • Lists, Top Stories Facebook0 Twitter0 LinkedIn0 Google+0 Pinterest0 Top 10 Global Tech Brands As the digital revolution continues to envelop the world, people are constantly trying to keep up with the latest in technological advancements. Whether it be computers, tablets, smartphones, online sites, software developers, social media and the list goes on, the biggest tech brands in the world are in a constant battle against each other to become the best. Interbrand, at the end of 2016 created a list of the top brands in the world based on growth, net worth and an array of other factors. Drawing from that list here is the list of the top 10 tech brands in the world:   10) eBay: eBay is number 32 on the overall list of biggest global brands. eBay was founded in San Jose, USA, in 1995, is a multinational corporation and e-commerce company, providing consumer-to-consumer and business-to-consumer sales services via the Internet. Today it is a multi-billion-dollar business with operations localized in over 30 countries.The company manages eBay.com, an online auction and shopping website in which people and businesses buy and sell a broad variety of goods and services worldwide. eBay, with a net worth of $8, 2 billion is the 10th biggest global tech brand. 9)Oracle: Rated the 17th biggest global brand, Oracle was established in 1977 in California, USA, Oracle is a multinational computer technology company that specialises in developing and marketing its own range of computer hardware systems and enterprise software products including its own brand of data base management systems. Oracle’s success has seen them amount a net worth of $ 49,4 billion and become the 9th biggest global tech brand. 8) Cisco Systems: Cisco Systems , the 16th rated brand on the overall list, is an American multinational technology company with its headquartered in San Jose, California. Cisco systems designs, manufactures and sells networking equipment. It is considered to be the biggest networking company in the world. This sees Cisco rated the 8th biggest tech brand in the world with a net worth of $ 49,24 billion. 7)Facebook: Facebook, the only social media on the list is ranked 15th overall. Founded in 2004 by pioneer Mark Zuckerberg is a social media platform which allows its users, over 1 billion of them, to connect with friends and family as well as allowing them to express themselves. Amassing its net worth of $350 billion, Facebok is the 7th biggest tech brand in the world. 6) Intel: Intel was founded in 1968 and is the worlds 14th biggest brand. The company is an American multinational corporation and technology company  and is headquartered in Santa Clara, California . It is the world’s largest and highest valued semiconductor chip makers based on revenue, and is the inventor of the x86 series of microprocessors: the processors found in most personal computers (PCs). Intel supplies processors for computer system manufacturers such as Apple, Lenovo (formerly IBM), HP, and Dell. Intel also manufactures motherboard chipsets, network interface controllers and integrated circuits, flash memory, graphics chips, embedded processors and other devices related to communications and computing. With a net worth of $116 billion is the worlds 14th biggest tech brand. 5) Amazon: Amazon, the 8th biggest global brand, is an American electronic commerce and cloud computing company, founded on July 5, 1994, and based in Seattle, Washington. It is the largest Internet-based retailer in the world by total sales and market capitalization. Amazon.com started as an online bookstore, later diversifying to sell  an array of products. The company also produces consumer electronics notably, Amazon Kindle e-readers, Fire tablets, and Fire TV and is the world’s largest provider of cloud infrastructure services. Amazon has a net worth of $250 billion and is the 5th biggest tech brand in the world. 4) Samsung: Samsung is the 7th in the overall biggest brand in the world. The company was started as a trading company in 1938, diversified and entered the electronics industry in the late 1960’s. Samsung is the worlds largest information technology company and has massive strides in the electronic device industry, now competing at the top end. With a networth of over $200 billion, Samsung is the worlds 4th largest tech brand. 3) Microsoft: Microsoft, rated 4th on the overall list,  is an American multinational technology company , founded in 1975 by Paul Allen and the famous Bill Gates is headquartered in Redmond, Washington. The company develops, manufactures, licenses, supports and sells computer software, consumer electronics and personal computers and services. Its best known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems, Microsoft Office office suite, and Internet Explorer and Edge web browsers. Its flagship hardware products are the Xbox video game consoles and the Microsoft Surface tablet lineup. As of 2016, it was the world’s largest software maker by revenue, and one of the world’s most valuable companies. The net worth of Microsoft is $407 billion and sees them ranked as the 3rd biggest tech brand in the world. 2) Google: Google, the 2nd biggest global brand, was founded in 1996 and is an American multinational technology company specializing in Internet-related services and products that include online advertising technologies, search, cloud computing, software, and hardware. Google is the biggest search engine in the world and has diversified into many other aspects of the ICT field. With a net worth of $498 billion, Google is the worlds 2nd biggest tech brand. 1) Apple: Apple, founded in 1976 and rated the biggest brand in the world, is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California, that designs, develops, and sells consumer electronics, computer software, and online services. Its hardware products include the various products such as smartphones, tablets, personal computers and various other devices. Apple’s consumer software includes the macOS and iOS operating systems, the iTunes media player, the Safari web browser, and the iLife and iWork creativity and productivity suites. Apple’s online services include the iTunes Store, the iOS App Store and Mac App Store, Apple Music, and iCloud. Apple has an astonishing net worth of $495 billion is the biggest tech global brand. By Dean Workman biggest brandlistTop 10 « Nigeria calls for investment in local software Search Tags Africa Airtel apple BlackBerry Broadband cloud computing Egypt facebook Gadgets and Gaming Ghana Google Huawei ict ict news internet IT News IT News Africa IT Security kenya Microsoft Mobile Mobile and Telecoms MTN news Nigeria Nokia Opinion Safaricom samsung SAP Security Software South Africa tech news technology technology news Telecom telecom news telecoms Telkom Uganda vodacom west africa Zain zimbabwe News Alerts Sign up for our FREE News Alerts       Like us In the news Forex Rates Latest Headlines Top 10 Tech Brands in the World January 28, 2017 Nigeria calls for investment in local software January 28, 2017 Top Unified Communication Trends for 2017 January 28, 2017 Digital transformation does not happen haphazardly January 27, 2017 Eltek to provide solar energy for hospitals in Zimbabwe January 27, 2017 Join Winjit at IoT Forum Africa 2017 January 27, 2017   UPCOMING EVENTS   Selling to the CIO | 15 & 16 February 2017     IoT Forum Africa | 29 - 30 March 2017     Education Innovation Summit 31 May 2017     Healthcare Innovation Summit 23 - 24 August 2017 Company Press Offices Press Offices Alcatel Lucent Condyn ContinuitySA Eset Fujitsu Huawei Interactive Intelligence MCI MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tom Tom USAASA Veeam Westcon-Comstor MOST POPULAR TWITTER Twitter Tweets by @ITNewsAfrica Photos on flickr Accenture appoints new MD January 19, 2017 Nigerian 12-year-old creates Location App to help lost children January 18, 2017 Simon Edelstyn named EMEA MD at ROKT January 13, 2017 Rohit Ghai named President of RSA Security January 11, 2017 SAP Africa appoints new East Africa MD December 6, 2016 SAP Africa announces new appointments November 10, 2016 Microsoft appoints new GM for WECA region November 9, 2016 Future-proof your business – or risk becoming irrelevant November 8, 2016 Bytes Managed Solutions appoints new Operations Executive October 28, 2016 Yahsat appoints Farhad Khan as new CCO October 26, 2016 Newsletter Would you like to receive the latest African technology news and analysis delivered to your e-mail inbox every morning? Then simply subscribe to our free daily e-mail newsletter.   SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER   Useful Links > Send us news > Advertise on ITNewsAfrica.com > Advertise in African Innovator Magazine > Enquire about a Company Press Office > Careers Follow Conferences > Innovation Dinner Series > ICT Business Breakfast Series > Tech Demo Africa All conference enquiries: events[at]itnewsafrica.com African Innovator Magazine > Subscription > Where to buy © 2017 | IT News Africa – Africa's Technology News Leader Read previous post: Nigeria calls for investment in local software The Institute of Software Practitioners of Nigeria (ISPON), President James Emadoye has called on the Bank of Industry in Nigeria...Close
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing Pioneer Ultra HD Blu-ray burners pack 4K playback, but good luck meeting the PC requirements Pioneer Ultra HD Blu-ray burners pack 4K playback, but good luck meeting the PC requirements By Joel Hruska on January 26, 2017 at 4:19 pm Comment Pioneer announced a brace of new UHD Blu-ray burners today, the first we’ve seen debut for the PC market. Currently, if you want UHD playback, you need to pick up either a dedicated player or an Xbox One S — Sony’s PlayStation 4 Pro lacks UHD Blu-ray support, even though the Japanese company was instrumental to the development of Blu-ray itself. The new BDR-S11J-BK and the BDR-S11J-X are both 5.25-inch drives that support nearly every optical read/write standard ever devised, including: CD-R, CD-RW, DVD±R, DVD±R DL, DVD±RW, DVD-RAM, BD-R SL/DL/TL/QL, BD-RE SL/DL/TL, BD-R LTH). They also read CDs, DVDs, BDs, and UHD Blu-ray films. Both drives feature a 4MB buffer for underrun protection and support 16x burning speeds on standard Blu-ray media. Pioneer claims that the BDR-S11J-X contains some additional hardware for ensuring high-quality audio playback, but both drives support Pioneer’s PureRead 4+ and real Time PureRead software. Exact specifications on either standard are hard to come by since the native language is Japanese, but Pioneer claims both technologies are specifically useful when reading damaged audio discs. 4K UHD Blu-ray playback… if you meet the requirements If you’ve followed our coverage of Netflix streaming requirements for 4K video and the significant hardware upgrades most systems would require, you know that content creators have gone out of their way to make 4K streaming as difficult as possible. Only seventh-generation Intel Kaby Lake hardware is 4K streaming capable, and it looks like a similar set of requirements are in place for UHD Blu-ray support. In order to play UHD Blu-rays, your system must support AACS 2.0 and Intel’s Software Guard Extensions (SGX). You’ll need software to play the disc itself (CyberLink has an updated software solution set to ship in the near future), and a GPU with HDMI 2.0a and HDCP 2.2 support. AACS 2.0 also has to be implemented within the GPU driver, and no current stand-alone GPU drivers have this functionality. Finally, you need a 4K TV with both HDMI 2.0a and HDCP 2.2 support as well. This is a tall order. No Intel chips before Skylake support SGX, and just owning a Skylake board isn’t enough — many desktop boards never implemented the feature and don’t support it in UEFI. The HDCP 2.2 support requirement is also dodgy, since not every Intel board supports that standard, either. In theory, the UHD Blu-ray playback situation should be better than the 4K streaming situation, since at least 6th and 7th-generation Core chips are both supported. In practice, it seems to be every bit as much of a muddle and a problem. Support is limited to specific SKUs and motherboards with particular features, and the dependence on integrated graphics for decode support means that you can’t use UHD Blu-ray with any Intel HEDT system (HEDT refers to Intel’s E-class chips — Sandy Bridge-E, Ivy Bridge-E, Haswell-E, etc). For years, there’s been a push-pull between content pirates and the content production industry, with law-abiding fans generally caught in the middle. For years, the content consumption side of the business has warned that if technology became too draconian, people simply wouldn’t use it. That seems to be the point at which we’ve arrived. Given the snail-like speed of PC refresh cycles these days, 4K streaming support will take 3-5 years to establish itself in the market, while UHD Blu-ray playback may never happen at all, thanks to ridiculously strict requirements that block out entire swathes of the hardware market. The BDR-SJ11-BK is expected to be priced at $193, while the BDR-S11J-X will be a $307 part. Both drives will be available in Japan in late February, and will likely make their way to the US thereafter. Tagged In microsoft sony xbox one 4K blu-ray uhd xbox one s Pioneer BD-ROM Ultra Blu-ray BDR-SJ11-BK 4K Blu-ray BDR-SJ11-X Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Remembering the Apollo I disaster, 50 years later Jan 27 Seagate plans 16TB drives for 2018, 20TB by 2020 Jan 27 Space rocks, a space telescope and a space station: this week in space Jan 27 Researchers claim they compressed hydrogen into a metallic state Jan 27 New Nvidia Shield update delivers 4K streaming, refreshed gaming app Jan 27 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in Most commented stories • Windows 10 Game Mode will prioritize games for smoother play [74] • Agon AG352UCG serves up curved G-Sync gaming at 100Hz [55] • Samsung details the cause of Note 7 battery fires [47] • Upcoming Seagate drives will reach 16TB [44] Hot forum threads • Finally joined the 4.5 GHz Club • What are you listening to RIGHT NOW? • UHD playback on PCs DOA? • What are you drinking RIGHT NOW? Intel's fourth-quarter earnings close 2016 on a high note by Jeff Kampman  4:07 PM on January 26, 2017 Intel closed out its 2016 books today, and the results are rosy. The company posted $16.4 billion in revenue for the last quarter of 2016, up 10% from a year ago, and operating income of $4.5 billion, up 5% from a year ago. For its fiscal 2016, the blue team took in total revenue of $59.4 billion, up 7% from its fiscal 2015, and $12.9 billion in operating income, down slightly from the $14 billion in operating profit it generated in 2015. Gross margin for the year fell to 60.9% from 62.6%.   Q4 2016 Q4 2015 Change Revenue $16.4 billion $14.9 billion up 10% Operating income $4.5 billion $4.3 billion up 5% Net income $3.6 billion $3.6 billion down 1% Gross margin 61.7% 64.3% down 2.6% Intel's Client Computing group took in $9.1 billion, up 4% year-on-year, despite a 7% decline in platform sales (the combination of processors and chipsets). That's thanks in part to a 7% increase in the average selling price of those platforms. Drilling down into those numbers, the company says desktop platform volumes shrank by 9% compared to a year ago, while the average selling price for those platforms increased 2%. Notebook platform sales were unchanged from a year ago, but average selling prices increased by 3%. The Data Center group generated $4.7 billion in revenue, up 8% year-on-year. Server platform volumes grew by 3%, and average selling prices increased by 4%. Intel's thrust into the nascent Internet of Things space appears to be paying off with continuing rapid growth. Though it's still a relatively small portion of the company's overall revenue pie, the IoT group took in $726 million in revenue, up 16% from a year ago. The Non-Volatile Memory Solutions group is also enjoying healthy growth. The $816 million revenue figure for that division is up 25% year-on-year.  Meanwhile, the Programmable Solutions group formed from Intel's Altera acquisition took in $420 million in revenue, and the Intel Security group grew its revenue by 2% year-on-year. For the whole of its fiscal 2017, Intel expects revenue to be flat compared to the year past, and the company expects its gross margin to increase slightly.   Tags: CPUs Miscellaneous User name:  Password:  Remember me Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Cancel Remember me | Register Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Nvidia covers the 2015 Shield in Nougat 17 Wine project spills out a 2.0 release 14 Chrome 56 reloads faster and shoots Flash in the knee 15 Deals of the week: tons o' graphics cards, a fast monitor, and RAM 13 Pioneer releases a pair of Ultra HD Blu-ray drives for PCs 37 Upcoming Seagate drives will reach 16TB 44 Cloud services and Office lead Microsoft to a healthy Q4 6 Intel's fourth-quarter earnings close 2016 on a high note 27 Oculus offers troubleshooting tips for trusty Touch setups 7 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS superjawes "Management learns" is an oxymoron. +32 Growler All. All of the platters. +26 just brew it! ...and SSDs... +22 NTMBK Stop redundantly signing your posts and we might consider it. -Seagate +20 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Tech Meets Art As Dancers Don Smart Gloves At The Spring Festival Gala By Tyler Lee on 01/27/2017 19:15 PST Like tech videos? Subscribe to Ubergizmo on Youtube In the past technology would typically be associated with “boring” looking devices, like huge chunk computers and monitors that come in dull colors like black or beige. However these days we’re starting to see how tech can be fashionable or artsy, especially with artists now collaborating with tech companies to make that a reality. Recently this concept was demonstrated during China’s CCTV Spring Festival Gala where a group of 162 dancers donned Intel and 360Fashion Network’s smart gloves and synchronized a dance together that created a human light pattern in the process. The glove itself is powered by Intel’s Curie and the pattern is generated using gestures thanks to the sensors embedded into the gloves, such as a 6-axis combo sensor with accelerometer and gyroscope. The end result is a pretty stunning performance which you can check out for yourself in the video above. This seems to be a great demonstration of how technology, art, and fashion can be combined together and that they don’t necessarily have to exist separate from one another. It’s also a good demonstration of Intel’s Curie platform and the smart glove, as well as its accompanying app that allows users to change the color pixel by pixel, choose from preset lighting animations, and more. Based on this it is possible that maybe in the future, more musical acts could incorporate the technology into their performances, but in the meantime you can enjoy the Spring Festival Gala’s performance in the video above. Filed in Gadgets. Read more about art, Entertainment, fashion, Intel and Wearable Tech. Related Articles 2017-01-09 Intel To Focus On Partnerships, May No Longer Release Basis Wearables 2016-11-23 Hermes To Launch New Limited Edition Apple Watch Bands 2016-11-22 Holiday Gift Guide for Fashion Addicts (2016) 2016-11-18 Intel Rumored To Be Stepping Back From Wearables [Update] 2016-07-06 This Device Can Identify Fonts And Colors In Real Life 2016-06-13 Tattoo Artist Has A Tattoo Machine For A Prosthetic Arm 2016-05-17 Google Has A Hi-Res ‘Art Camera’ That Helps Preserve Artwork 2016-02-28 Pinpic Is The Uber For Photographers Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES Valve Apparently Prototyped Half-Life 3 As An RTS User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business The chipmaker's IoT group posted double-digit growth in revenue for the fourth quarter, while revenue from the data center and PC units also grew year-over-year and sequentially. ByStephanie Condon for Between the Lines | January 26, 2017 -- 21:43 GMT (13:43 PST) | Topic: Processors Intel on Thursday reported its fourth quarter results, posting record quarterly revenue as well as record annual revenue for 2016. The revenue growth reflected strength across all of its business segments, Intel said, including its client computing (PC sales), data center and Internet of Things groups. The company reported non-GAAP earnings of 79 cents a share for Q4, on revenue of $16.37 billion. Wall Street was looking for earnings of 75 cents a share on revenue of $15.75 billion. Intel's full-year, non-GAAP 2016 revenue came to $59.5 billion, with an EPS of $2.72. The company also reported non-GAAP operating income of $16.5 billion and net income of $13.2 billion. Intel also generated a record of $21.8 billion in cash from operations. CEO Brian Krzanich said in a statement that 2016 was a "transformative" year for Intel. "In 2016, we took important steps to accelerate our strategy and refocus our resources while also launching exciting new products, successfully integrating Altera, and investing in growth opportunities," he said. "I'm pleased with our 2016 performance and confident in our future." For the full year, Intel's client computing group brought in revenue of $32.9 billion, up 2 percent from 2015. While its growth was marginal, it reflected the overall market: Global shipments of PCs fell for the fifth straight year in 2016, according to Gartner estimates, though there have been signs the market is at least stabilizing. As the market changes, Intel has made a concerted effort to focus more on its data center and IoT groups. The data center group posted $17.2 billion in revenue for 2016, up 8 percent from 2015. Intel had initially hoped for double-digit growth in this category. Its IoT revenue came in at $2.6 billion, up 15 percent from 2015. Revenue for the non-volatile memory solution group came in at $2.6 billion, down 1 percent from 2015, while Intel's security group posted revenue of $2.2 billion, up 9 percent. The programmable solutions group posted revenue of $1.7 billion. For Q4 2016, the client computing group revenue came in at $9.1 billion, up 4 percent year-over-year. Sequentially, client computing revenue was up 3 percent with platform volumes down 4 percent and platform average selling prices up 6 percent, Intel noted in its CFO commentary. Data center group revenue reached $4.7 billion for the quarter, up 8 percent year-over-year. The group grew 3 percent sequentially with platform volumes down 3 percent and platform average selling prices up 6 percent. Internet of Things Group revenue hit $726 million for Q4, up 16 percent year-over-year and up 5 percent sequentially. As for Q1 2017, Intel is expecting a non-GAAP EPS of 65 cents (plus or minus 5 cents) on revenue of $14.8 billion (plus or minus $500 million). Wall Street is looking for earnings of 61 cents per share on sales of $14.5 billion. For the full fiscal year 2017, the company is expecting earnings per share of $2.80 on flat revenue. More Tech Earnings VMware Q4 strong, company calls quarter balanced PayPal Q4 solid, revenue up 17 percent Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business Microsoft Q2 strong, says commercial cloud tops $14 billion annual run rate Alphabet delivers mixed fourth quarter Qualcomm misses Q1 revenue targets as Apple legal battle looms AT&T Q4 earnings on target, says 2016 transformational Comcast's business unit lands small, midsized businesses as annual revenue nears $6 billion Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Hardware China can help drive global progress in quantum computing Processors Qualcomm misses Q1 revenue targets as Apple legal battle looms Processors Apple files $1B suit against Qualcomm Storage Hidden Figures and the IBM 7090 computer × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 17 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 28, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 28, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 17 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Cloud boom buoys Microsoft, Alphabet, Intel By ALISTAIR BARR AND JILLIAN WARD Bloomberg News First Published 1 hour ago    •    Updated 1 hour ago Share This Article Alphabet Inc., Microsoft Corp. and Intel Corp., which all posted quarterly results Thursday, reinforced what's become a truism in technology: the biggest growth is in businesses that deliver computing over the internet. Microsoft topped projections on the strength of rising customer sign-ups for its cloud offerings like Azure, which saw revenue almost double. Intel sales rose more than expected, helped by orders for processors that power data-center servers — the machines at the heart of cloud computing. While profit at Google parent Alphabet disappointed, the numbers also signaled that heavy spending to catch cloud leaders Amazon.com Inc. and Microsoft is paying off. Google's Other Revenue line, which includes cloud computing, jumped 62 percent to $3.4 billion in the fourth quarter. VIDEOS TOP JOBS "Our cloud business is on a terrific upswing," Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai said Thursday during a conference call with analysts. "I definitely think we're going to have a great year." What started a decade ago as an easy way for startups to run websites has turned into an increasingly popular way for companies of all sizes to access the software needed to run their operations. Many big technology companies are in a strong position to provide this because they already have huge data centers to support their own web services. More than $1 trillion in IT spending will be directly or indirectly affected by the shift to cloud during the next five years, Gartner estimated in July. "This will make cloud computing one of the most disruptive forces of IT spending since the early days of the digital age," the research firm said at the time. Microsoft Chief Executive Satya Nadella has been working to reposition the company around such internet services. In addition to robust demand for Azure, consumers and corporations continue to purchase Office 365, a cloud-based version of the company's productivity software that includes Word and Excel. Almost 25 million consumers are now subscribed to Office 365, Microsoft said, and sales increased 47 percent in the fiscal second quarter. "As long as cloud is growing, people are happy," said Mark Moerdler, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., who rates Microsoft shares outperform. "If margins are growing, people are even happier." Redmond, Washington-based Microsoft has been spending on data centers and adding products to win new cloud customers. Chief Financial Officer Amy Hood said in July that gross margins, a measure of profitability, for the commercial cloud business would "materially improve" in the current year. That's because previous years of investment are starting to pay off as those data centers support more customers. Microsoft has pledged to reach annualized revenue of $20 billion in its corporate cloud business by the fiscal year that ends in June 2018. That metric stood at more than $14 billion at the end of the second quarter. Intel's fourth-quarter sales of server chips to cloud service providers jumped 30 percent from a year earlier. Offsetting that, companies and government agencies spent 7 percent less than they had in the same quarter in 2016 on equipping their in-house computer rooms, the company said. "It's moving to the public cloud, it's moving to those areas at a faster rate than I think we expected," Intel Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich said on a conference call. Amazon reports earnings next week and analysts at RBC Capital Markets expect the company's AWS cloud business to generate $3.6 billion in fourth-quarter revenue, up 50 percent from a year earlier. "Microsoft is the plumbing in the cloud," Moerdler said. "Amazon is much bigger, but still Amazon and Microsoft are pulling away from the pack."   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES The battle over MormonLeaks -- two websites with one name and one goal: target the LDS Church ROTC may move from BYU to UVU after colonel bristles at Honor Code SLC shirks Trump, refuses to enforce his immigration edict Garrison Keillor: Help us, GOP, you're our only hope Salt Lake County also will refuse to enforce Trump's immigration edict ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content SuperSite for Windows Search: Stay Connected Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS IT/Dev Connections About Newsletter Register Log In Username or e-mail: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Windows Windows 10 Windows RT Windows 8 Windows 7 Windows Vista Windows XP Mobile Windows Phone Mobile Devices Cloud OneDrive Outlook.com Skype Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Xbox 360 Xbox One Podcasts Advertisement Home > Cloud > Office 365 > Microsoft, Intel, Alphabet Results Buoyed by Cloud Boom Microsoft, Intel, Alphabet Results Buoyed by Cloud Boom Jan 27, 2017 Alistair Barr and Jillian Ward | Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Getty Images Advertisement (Bloomberg) -- Alphabet Inc., Microsoft Corp. and Intel Corp., which all posted quarterly results Thursday, reinforced what’s become a truism in technology: the biggest growth is in businesses that deliver computing over the internet. Microsoft topped projections on the strength of rising customer sign-ups for its cloud offerings like Azure, which saw revenue almost double. Intel sales rose more than expected, helped by orders for processors that power data-center servers -- the machines at the heart of cloud computing. While profit at Google parent Alphabet disappointed, the numbers also signaled that heavy spending to catch cloud leaders Amazon.com Inc. and Microsoft is paying off. Google’s Other Revenue line, which includes cloud computing, jumped 62 percent to $3.4 billion in the fourth quarter. "Our cloud business is on a terrific upswing," Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai said Thursday during a conference call with analysts. "I definitely think we’re going to have a great year." What started a decade ago as an easy way for startups to run websites has turned into an increasingly popular way for companies of all sizes to access the software needed to run their operations. Many big technology companies are in a strong position to provide this because they already have huge data centers to support their own web services. ‘DISRUPTIVE FORCES’ More than $1 trillion in IT spending will be directly or indirectly affected by the shift to cloud during the next five years, Gartner estimated in July. "This will make cloud computing one of the most disruptive forces of IT spending since the early days of the digital age," the research firm said at the time. Stock prices reflect this optimism. Microsoft and Alphabet shares hit a record this week, and Intel stock recently came close to an all-time high set in October. In early trading Friday, Microsoft was up 1.6 percent, Google was down 1.1 percent and Intel gained less than 1 percent. Microsoft Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella has been working to reposition the company around such internet services. In addition to robust demand for Azure, consumers and corporations continue to purchase Office 365, a cloud-based version of the company’s productivity software that includes Word and Excel. Almost 25 million consumers are now subscribed to Office 365, Microsoft said, and sales increased 47 percent in the fiscal second quarter.  "As long as cloud is growing, people are happy,” said Mark Moerdler, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., who rates Microsoft shares outperform. “If margins are growing, people are even happier." MICROSOFT'S EFFORT Redmond, Washington-based Microsoft has been spending on data centers and adding products to win new cloud customers. Chief Financial Officer Amy Hood said in July that gross margins, a measure of profitability, for the commercial cloud business would "materially improve" in the current year. That’s because previous years of investment are starting to pay off as those data centers support more customers. Microsoft has pledged to reach annualized revenue of $20 billion in its corporate cloud business by the fiscal year that ends in June 2018. That metric stood at more than $14 billion at the end of the second quarter. Intel’s fourth-quarter sales of server chips to cloud service providers jumped 30 percent from a year earlier. Offsetting that, companies and government agencies spent 7 percent less than they had in the same quarter in 2016 on equipping their in-house computer rooms, the company said. “It’s moving to the public cloud, it’s moving to those areas at a faster rate than I think we expected,” Intel Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich said on a conference call.  Amazon reports earnings next week and analysts at RBC Capital Markets expect the company’s AWS cloud business to generate $3.6 billion in fourth-quarter revenue, up 50 percent from a year earlier. "Microsoft is the plumbing in the cloud," Moerdler said. "Amazon is much bigger, but still Amazon and Microsoft are pulling away from the pack.” Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Microsoft v. Google, Round Two: Email 6 Find out what's new in Office 2016 via IT Productivity Showcases Sleeping with the Enemy: Google + Microsoft Office 33 What Microsoft's Q2 Results Can Tell You About the Rest of the Year Microsoft's Q2 2017 Results: The Cloud Continues to Rain Money Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WinSuperSite.com Windows Mobile Cloud Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Podcasts Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Follow US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Search WinSuperSite.com Search: SuperSite for Windows Related Penton Sites Dev Pro SharePoint Pro SQL Server Pro Windows IT Pro IT/Dev Connections myITforum Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Saturday, January 28, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Trump Bars All Refugees, and Citizens From 7 Muslim Nations By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and HELENE COOPER President Trump signed an order suspending the entry of refugees into the United States for 120 days, and Syrians indefinitely. He also suspended immigration from seven Muslim nations, while ordering priority be given to visas for Christians from Muslim nations. Fears That Visa Ban Will Hurt Allies and Bolster Rivals By DECLAN WALSH President Trump’s freeze on refugee arrivals and visa requests from seven Muslim countries was seen as a sign that he sees Islam itself as the problem. In Iran, Confusion Over Visa Crackdown Read the Executive Order Here Russian Arrests Pose Tantalizing Clue in Election Hacking By SCOTT SHANE, DAVID E. SANGER and ANDREW E. KRAMER 11:15 PM ET Two officers who worked on cyberoperations and a Russian computer security expert were charged with treason, and rumors in Moscow suggest they may be scapegoats in an internal power struggle. Video by SUSAN JOAN ARCHER. Photo by Al Drago/The New York Times   Abortion Foes March on Washington By JEREMY W. PETERS and YAMICHE ALCINDOR A week after women protested President Trump, this year’s March for Life was a peaceful act of defiance supporting him. The First Week: A Flurry of Action, and Some Misfires By CHARLIE SAVAGE, PETER BAKER and MAGGIE HABERMAN President Trump’s first week in office has seen its stops and starts, but one thing is certain: There is no lack of ambition, or effort, on his part. 2:13 Watch: A First Week Fact-Check By DAVE HORN, MEG FELLING and ELSA BUTLER In Private, G.O.P. Agonizes Over Health Law Repeal By ROBERT PEAR and THOMAS KAPLAN An audio recording of a closed-door meeting reveals concerns that contrast with the confidence party leaders express in public.  Comments Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America By JACK HEALY Voters who cast ballots for Mr. Trump cheered as they saw a new conservative era in government taking shape, even if they were a little leery of him.  Comments More in Politics U.N. Envoy Warns Those Who ‘Don’t Have Our Back’ Trump’s Hiring Freeze Creates Confusion for Veterans Affairs Mexican Leader Speaks to Trump Over the Phone Push for Familial DNA Tests Raises Privacy Concerns By ELI ROSENBERG An unsolved killing in Queens, N.Y., has led to calls for widening DNA searches to include relatives of possible suspects. But the method, a frontier in forensic science, has critics. An Audacious Plan for Rising Seas: Floating Islands By MIKE IVES A costly plan to build floating islands shows how climate change is pushing the search for innovative solutions, but some critics ask who will ultimately benefit. Philippines Leader Takes On Church Over Birth Control By AURORA ALMENDRAL President Rodrigo Duterte orders free access as an antipoverty measure, after challenges by the church and others kept a 2012 law from taking full effect. In Hong Kong, Defiance Gives Way to Resignation By ALAN WONG Along with fish balls and flowers, vendors at a New Year’s fair in Victoria Park sold a game with a predetermined set of outcomes, a nod to the Beijing-directed selection of the city’s leader.  Comments Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Checkup The Banned Books Your Child Should Read By PERRI KLASS, M.D. Books that have been challenged or banned offer parents an opportunity to talk about difficult topics.  Comments Eat Why Clam-Chowder Pizza Is the Best Kind By SAM SIFTON The only thing better than a classic is two.  Comments Mr. Hurt in “Krapp’s Last Tape” at the Brooklyn Academy of Music’s Harvey Theater in 2011. Credit Richard Perry/The New York Times John Hurt, British Actor Who Vanished Into His Roles, Dies at 77 Mr. Hurt was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of the title role in the 1980 film “The Elephant Man,” and gained fame as the first victim of the chest-bursting monster in “Alien.” By BRUCE WEBER 11:45 PM ET Watch: His Most Memorable Roles 11:57 PM Venus Williams the Underdog in Grand Sibling Rivalry By VICTOR MATHER and NAILA-JEAN MEYERS Ms. Williams is meeting her sister, Serena, in the Australian Open final. In eight previous Grand Slam finals between the sisters, Serena has won six. Federer and Nadal Breathe New Life Into Old Classic Love and Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street By ANNIE CORREAL A discarded photo album reveals a rich history of black lives, from the segregated South to Harlem dance halls.  Comments Save this story to read later on any device. Save Woman Linked to Emmett Till Lynching Says She Lied By RICHARD PÉREZ-PEÑA Carolyn Bryant Donham is quoted in a new book as admitting her allegations that Emmett grabbed her and was sexually crude toward her in 1955 are “not true.” Book Review: ‘The Blood of Emmett Till’ France Bans Free Soda Refills in Attack on Obesity By KIMIKO de FREYTAS-TAMURA The regulation is the latest attempt to tackle what the government called a relentless rise in the national obesity rate. City to Pay $8 Million Over Shooting by Off-Duty Officer By CHRISTOPHER MELE The settlement ends a lawsuit over an unprovoked drunken shooting in 2014 that seriously injured a New Rochelle, N.Y., man and traumatized his friend. 10 Things to Do Now in NYC More News Why Did the Red Panda Escape the Zoo? Maybe to Avoid Mating Judge Allows Suit Against C.I.A. Contractors in Torture Case Public Editor Mailbag: Measuring Crowds, Maligning a Region California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. Barbara Hale, ‘Perry Mason’ Actress, Dies at 94 Ms. Hale won an Emmy for her portrayal of the intrepid Della Street on the “Perry Mason” courtroom series, a role that defined her career. Japandroids: Shriek-Along Punk. Literary Lyrics. This two-man rock band returns five years after its breakthrough, “Celebration Rock,” with an album that’s as much about the words as the noise. Uneasy Readers Turn to the Dystopian Classics A boost in sales for books like George Orwell’s “Animal Farm” and “1984” seems to reflect an organic response from readers wary of President Trump’s rhetoric. The Opinion Pages Mexico’s Forceful Resistance By JORGE G. CASTAÑEDA President Enrique Peña Nieto should clearly indicate what Trump actions he won’t tolerate.  Comments Trump’s Immigration Ban Is Illegal By DAVID J. BIER Congress long ago outlawed discrimination based on national origin. Editorial: Voter Fraud Fantasy Editorial: When Donald Trump Met Theresa May Collins: The Trump War on Public Schools 10:46 PM ET Op-Ed: In Israel, ‘We don’t do Gandhi very well.’ An Un-American Refugee Policy By DAVID MILIBAND Donald Trump’s actions undermine the moral leadership and security of the U.S.  Comments The Religious Right’s Trojan Horse Brooks: Politics of Cowardice Cohen: The Closing of America Krugman: A Rustier Rust Belt Egan: Park Rangers as Heroes User Subscriptions Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Times Insider » Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Seeking a Fresh Start Without Limitations Job loss left a family struggling to pay expenses and turning to public assistance while searching for the right educational environment for a child entering kindergarten. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Family Why Girls Don’t Think They Are Smart Enough Art & Design Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89 Opinion The Road to Tet How America got involved in Vietnam — and why 1967 was such a pivotal year in a tragic war. Movies In ‘The Salesman,’ a Marriage in Tehran Opinion Coming Together at the Roller Rink Book Review How Mormon Women Embraced Polygamy Design & Interiors Swedish Prints That Are Relevant as Ever Today Theater From the Stage, Warnings About Complacency Opinion Who’s Afraid of Nonviolence? In Israel, “We don’t do Gandhi very well.” Style The Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Opinion Broken: The Women’s Prison at Hoheneck Style Confronting Race, Religion and Her Heart Sections World » News Analysis: Fears That Trump’s Visa Ban Betrays Friends and Bolsters Enemies Trump and Mexican President Speak by Phone Amid Dispute Over Wall As Climate Change Accelerates, Floating Cities Look Like Less of a Pipe Dream Business Day » To Understand a Tax on Mexican Imports, Consider the Avocado Uneasy About the Future, Readers Turn to Dystopian Classics Energy Companies Lead US Stock Indexes Mostly Lower Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Mexico’s Forceful Resistance Editorial: The Voter Fraud Fantasy Gail Collins: The Trump War on Public Schools U.S. » A City Built on Refugees Looks at Trump’s Plan With Fear Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America Anti-Abortion Marchers Draw Inspiration From an Unlikely Source Technology » Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans Alphabet’s Profits Stay Predictably Good in a Volatile Industry Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note Arts » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Critic's Notebook: New York City Ballet’s Very 21st-Century Steps Philip Glass Celebrates His 80th Birthday With an 11th Symphony Politics » Judge Allows Lawsuit Against Psychologists in C.I.A. Torture Case Trump Bars Refugees and Citizens of 7 Muslim Countries Trump’s First Week: Misfires, Crossed Wires, and a Satisfied Smile Fashion & Style » Encounters: Even the Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Gets Stage Fright The Complete Guide to New York Fashion Week: Men’s Styles Q. and A.: Cat Marnell, a Former Beauty Editor, on Her New Addiction Memoir Movies » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Review: Matthew McConaughey Mines Profane Capitalism in ‘Gold’ Review: In ‘The Salesman,’ Scenes From a Marriage in Tehran New York » Family DNA Searches Seen as Crime-Solving Tool, and Intrusion on Rights Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street 2 Charged in Ponzi Scheme Built Around ‘Hamilton’ Tickets Sports » Grand Sibling Rivalry Leaves Venus Williams a Distinct Underdog 8 Grand Slam Finals That Pitted Rafael Nadal Against Roger Federer Pegasus World Cup Features California Chrome and a Horseless Pizza King Theater » ‘Hamilton’ Is Coming to the Super Bowl Review: Hungarians Bare Their Dark Side in ‘Our Secrets’ Review: A Revival of ‘The Liar’ Plays Alternative Facts for Laughs Science » Hydrogen Squeezed Into a Metal, Possibly Solid, Harvard Physicists Say A Genetic Fix to Put the Taste Back in Tomatoes New Prospects for Growing Human Replacement Organs in Animals Obituaries » John Hurt, British Actor Hailed for His Shape-Shifting Roles, Dies at 77 Barbara Hale, Who Played Perry Mason’s Loyal Secretary, Dies at 94 Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89; You’ve Seen His Album Covers Television » ‘Making It on My Own,’ With Mary Tyler Moore as a Guide Mary Tyler Moore, Who Incarnated the Modern Woman on TV, Dies at 80 Review: ‘Z,’ Hardly the Last Word on the Fitzgeralds Health » Trump’s Pick for Health Secretary Under Scrutiny for Investments The New Old Age: Nursing Home Residents Gain New Protections Travelers With Nut Allergies Clash With Airlines Travel » Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Santiago, Chile Footsteps: The London of London’s Mayor Books » Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Critic's Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a 2017 Must-Read Nonfiction: Emmett Till’s Murder: What Really Happened That Day in the Store? Education » Canada Beckons International Students With a Path to Citizenship A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders Food » City Kitchen: Sun-Kissed Citrus Salad for the Dead of Winter Hungry City: Filipino Food With Subtlety, and a Splash of 7Up, at F.O.B. U.S. Team Wins Bocuse d’Or Competition for First Time Sunday Review » Frank Bruni: The President Who Buried Humility Editorial: The Republican Health Care Con Ross Douthat: The Tempting of the Media Real Estate » 360 View: Harry Macklowe on New York Real Estate Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years Shopping Guide: Shopping for Folding Chairs The Upshot » Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Tax Policy: How to Interpret the Trump Administration’s Latest Signals on Mexico The 2016 Race: Illegal Voting Claims, and Why They Don’t Hold Up Magazine » Feature: ‘The Only Way We Can Fight Back Is to Excel’ Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? Feature: John Edgar Wideman Against the World Automobiles » Your Money: How to Buy a Used Car in an Age of Widespread Recalls Driven: Video Review: The 2017 Honda CR-V Stays True to Its Mainstream Roots Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note T Magazine » Couture Shows: Maison Margiela and Valentino My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Cass Bird What Does ‘Couture’ Actually Mean? Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! Talk to The Times: Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Insider Podcasts: Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Real Estate » Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years By ZOE GREENBERG Housing rights groups fear their agenda may suffer under a president who was sued for housing discrimination in the 1970s. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines India Science & Tech Crime World Offbeat Photos Video War On Black Money Republic Day Assembly Elections Specials Local My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video News Sections India World Science & Tech Photos My Topics Local Mark Zuckerberg challenges Trump on immigration and 'extreme vetting' order The Guardian Julia Carrie Wong 1 hour ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL US President Donald Trump repeats election lie Trump curbs entry of Muslims from some countries © AFP/Getty Images Mark Zuckerberg: ‘Like many of you, I’m concerned about the impact of the recent executive orders signed by President Trump.’ Mark Zuckerberg criticized Donald Trump’s executive order to severely limit immigrants and refugees from certain Muslim-majority countries, becoming the most high-profile tech industry leader to speak out against the president since the election. “Like many of you, I’m concerned about the impact of the recent executive orders signed by President Trump,” the Facebook CEO wrote on his Facebook page. “We need to keep this country safe, but we should do that by focusing on people who actually pose a threat ... We should also keep our doors open to refugees and those who need help. That’s who we are.” Replay Video U.S. intelligence captured Russian officials’ communications celebrating Trump’s victory The Post’s Adam Entous reports that U.S. intelligence agencies intercepted electronic communications, known as “signals intelligence,” in which top Russian officials celebrated the outcome of the U.S. election. The Washington Post Despite a 'War on Pollution,' Beijing is facing its smoggiest days yet Over the New Year weekend, a wave of smog rolled into China's capital city of Beijing. Resident's here are calling it "airpocalypse," as the skies darken and air quality is rated at hazardous levels. Even digital pollution meters in homes rated the indoor air-quality as poor. The Washington Post Which way is Siberia? The answer is harder than you think. The Washington Post's Moscow bureau chief, David Filipov, goes looking for Siberia. The Washington Post SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Zuckerberg also prodded Trump to stand by earlier statements regarding Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (Daca) and H1-B visas, which are of particular concern to tech companies that use the visas to hire talent from overseas. “I was glad to hear President Trump say he’s going to ‘work something out’ for Dreamers – immigrants who were brought to this country at a young age by their parents,” he wrote. “I’m also glad the President believes our country should continue to benefit from ‘people of great talent coming into the country.’” Zuckerberg’s statement, though restrained, is notable at a time when the rest of Silicon Valley appears to be rushing to fall in line with the Trump administration. RELATED: Trump suspends U.S. refugee program, suspends entry from some countries Tech leaders overwhelmingly opposed Trump’s candidacy during the campaign, citing his xenophobia, protectionism, “poor judgment and ignorance about how technology works”. Zuckerberg himself took a veiled swipe at Trump in April 2016, saying “I hear fearful voices talking about building walls … It takes courage to chose hope over fear,” at a conference. But following Trump’s surprise election, tech leaders quickly changed their tune, offering up congratulations and – in Zuckerberg’s case – platitudes about “feeling hopeful”. Top executives from Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Amazon, Intel and other countries travelled to Trump Tower in December to make nice with the president-elect. Tesla’s Elon Musk and Uber’s Travis Kalanick joined Trump’s Strategic and Policy Forum to advise him on his economic agenda. Google co-hosted a party for Republican lawmakers with the right-wing Independent Journal Review, the New York Times reported, while Facebook hosted an inauguration party with the right-wing Daily Caller. While it’s not surprising that major corporations would curry favor with the party in power, Zuckerberg has previously spoken out about progressive issues, such as defending the Black Lives Matter movement. The CEO has recently raised suspicions that he harbors political aspirations. Zuckerberg’s post was personal, referencing his own great-grandparents, who immigrated from Germany, Austria and Poland, and his wife’s parents, who were refugees from China and Vietnam. “We are a nation of immigrants, and we all benefit when the best and brightest from around the world can live, work and contribute here,” he wrote in a passage that will not allay anyone’s suspicions that he plans to run for elected office.  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment More from The Guardian The secrets of people who never get sick The Guardian Ecclestone, Sorrell & executives to reap $40m in F1 selloff The Guardian Trump signs order on Mexico wall The Guardian The Guardian View the Full Site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Take MSN survey Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I am already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I am having problems with Top Destinations I am having issues with searching I am having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help and Support If you have any questions about MSN India, please contact our Grievance Officer at indiaGOMSN@microsoft.com | +91-11-46502222
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Budget 2017 Photos Video Search Search Home Society Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerburg takes on Donald Trump, challenges his orders on immigration and 'extreme vetting' Zuckerburg also urged Trump to stand true to his earlier presidential campaign vows regarding Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (Daca) and H1-B visas. Namrata Tripathi   January 28, 2017 12:51 IST Faebook CEO Mark ZuckerbergReuters Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg on Friday denounced United States President Donald Trump's executive orders, which will severely restrict entry for immigrants and refugees from Muslim-majority countries. Also read: Trump signs orders on 'extreme vetting,' bars refugee entry from 7 Muslim countries "Like many of you, I'm concerned about the impact of the recent executive orders signed by President Trump. We need to keep this country safe, but we should do that by focusing on people who actually pose a threat ... We should also keep our doors open to refugees and those who need help. That's who we are," Zuckerberg said. The Facebook CEO has now become the most high-profile tech industry leader to speak out against the US president ever since the 2016 elections. Zuckerburg, however, also urged Trump to stand true to his earlier presidential campaign vows regarding Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (Daca) and H1-B visas. H1-B visas are in particular of great interest to the tech industry as the said visas assist in hiring talent from other countries into US. "I was glad to hear President Trump say he's going to 'work something out' for Dreamers – immigrants who were brought to this country at a young age by their parents. I'm also glad the President believes our country should continue to benefit from 'people of great talent coming into the country," Zuckerberg wrote. During Trump's presidential campaign, tech leaders from Silicon Valley opposed his candidacy, citing the Republican billionaire's xenophobia, protectionism, poor judgement and ignorance about how technology works. However, some of those very leaders now seem to be rushing to fall in line with Trump's administration now that he is the US President. However, Zuckerberg has stood his ground when it comes to his take on some of Trump's standings. The Facebook CEO during a press conference in April 2016 had said, "I hear fearful voices talking about building walls ... It takes courage to chose hope over fear." Zuckerberg in his post also wrote about his own ancestors who immigrated from Germany, Austria and Poland and his wife's parents, who were refugees from China and Vietnam. "We are a nation of immigrants, and we all benefit when the best and brightest from around the world can live, work and contribute here," he wrote. Top executives from Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Amazon, Intel and other companies travelled to Trump Tower in December to meet Trump. Tesla's Elon Musk and Uber's Travis Kalanick joined Trump's Strategic and Policy Forum to advise him on his economic agenda. Google co-hosted a party for Republican lawmakers with the right-wing Independent Journal Review, according to the New York Times, while Facebook hosted an inauguration party with the right-wing Daily Caller. Trump on Friday signed executive orders to suspend refugee arrivals from at least seven Muslim countries and to impose stricter new controls on travellers from these nations. Trump, during his presidential campaign, had declared that he would weed out "radical Islamic terrorists" from America, and after signing the order he said that he was making the nation safe from the "terrorists." The order reportedly states that no visas are to be issued for at least 30 days to migrants or travellers from seven Muslim countries — Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Related Man attacks Muslim airline employee at JFK, says Trump will get rid of you all; charged with hate crime Donald Trump meets British PM Theresa May, pledges 'lasting support' to US ties with UK Theresa May meets Donald Trump at White House Also read Shia LaBeouf returns to art protest after arrest Donald Trump signs orders on 'extreme vetting' to bar 'Islamic radical terrorists' from US Quick Links Facebook Donald Trump Post Comment IBT TV Close Watch oldest giant panda in captivity celebrate 37th birthday Why advertise with us? Latest News Jammu and Kashmir: Yet another avalanche hits army post in Kupwara district's Machil sector 22 minutes ago By Devyani Sultania New Delhi: Mortar shell found in Vasant Kunj; NSG team on spot 43 minutes ago By Devyani Sultania Editor's Pick Trump's Muslim ban brings focus back on Steve Jobs' heritage Why advertise with us? most popular Meghalaya Governor V Shanmuganathan resigns on charges of sexual misconduct; how will it affect BJP? Shanmuganathan has been accused of turning the Raj Bhavan into a "young ladies' club" and "seriously compromising" its dignity. 'Rogue NASA' Twitter account is fighting against US President Donald Trump's climate change policies, but who's behind it? The account has been tweeting science and climate change facts, and has garnered a significant following since then. Andhra Pradesh special status: Protests fuelled by Pawan Kalyan, Jagan Mohan Reddy gather momentum Jana Sena leader and Sardaar Gabbar Singh star Pawan Kalyan seems to be spearheading the protests demanding special category status for Andhra Pradesh. Is Raees going to be banned? SRK and Mahira Khan-starrer faces protests A little-known outfit called Rashtra Sena wants Raees banned in India, and the VHP and the Gujarat Shiv Sena have supported it. Indian tricolour on iconic monuments of the world? Just check out these images which have gone viral World's tallest skyscraper Burj Khalifa in the UAE was lit up in Indian tricolour as part of the Republic Day celebrations on January 26, 2017. World moving closer to doomsday, scientists blame Donald Trump The board said the US president's comments on expanding US nuclear arsenal and refusal to believe in climate change are "disturbing". Karnataka: Kambala protests gather momentum, buoyed by Jallikattu resurgence Protests have erupted in Hubballi and Mangaluru, and have received support from Chief Minister Siddaramaiah and the BJP. India News Live Updates: Karni Sena chief asks if Sanjay Leela Bhansali has guts to go to Germany and make a film against Hitler Read all the news updates from India right here. Photo Gallery Raghava Lawrence and Raai Laxmi on sets of Motta Shiva Ketta Shiva Item song shoot Actor Raghava Lawrence and actress Raai Laxmi on sets of Motta Shiva Ketta Shiva Item song shoot. Vidya Balan visits Anupam Kher's acting school to motivate students Bollywood actress Vidya Balan with Anupam Kher during a interactive session with students of Actor Prepares, in Mumbai on January 27, 2017. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 US STOCKS-Wall St little changed as earnings, GDP data disappoint Reuters Jan. 27, 2017, 1:01 PM 99 facebook linkedin twitter email print * Fourth-quarter GDP up 1.9 pct vs. est. 2.2 pct * Starbucks lower after cutting revenue forecast * Chevron down after profit falls short of estimates * All three major indexes on track to post weekly gains * Indexes down: Dow 0.04 pct, S&P 0.10 pct, Nasdaq 0.02 pct (Updates to early afternoon) By Tanya Agrawal Jan 27 (Reuters) - Wall Street was little changed on Friday as investors paused after a recent rally following underwhelming corporate earnings and gross domestic product data. U.S. economic growth slowed more than expected in the fourth quarter, with GDP rising at a 1.9 percent annual rate, below the 2.2 percent rise expected by economists and the 3.5 percent growth pace logged in the third quarter. Chevron fell 2.2 percent to $113.98 after its quarterly profit fell short of analysts' expectations. The stock was the biggest drag on the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average indexes. The Nasdaq was weighed down by Starbucks, whose shares dropped 3.6 percent to $56.34 after the world's biggest coffee seller trimmed its full-year revenue forecast. "Earnings have really just been fine," said David Lyon, global investment specialist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in San Francisco. "They haven't been too hot, nor have there been any concerns or cautionary flags raised. I think fine might not be enough in the near term and there is a growing concern that while the numbers have been good, the forward guidance have been just okay." However, the Dow stayed above 20,000 for the third straight day, after breaching the milestone for the first time on Wednesday as the post-election rally reignited. All three major indexes were also on track to post weekly gains. Still, investors retreated to a wait-and-see mode as they sought more clarity on President Donald Trump's policies and the new administration's ability to clear legislature hurdles in its quest to reduce regulation and cut taxes. "There's definitely a gap between expectations and reality. I think the new administration has probably until the summer time to show some forward momentum and progress on getting policy changed and implemented through Congress." said Lyon. At 12:35 p.m. ET (1735 GMT) the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.74 points, or 0.04 percent, at 20,092.17. The S&P 500 was down 2.47 points, or 0.10 percent, at 2,294.21 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 0.91 points, or 0.02 percent, at 5,654.27. Seven of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the energy index's 0.99 percent fall leading the decliners. Microsoft rose 2.3 percent to $65.72, while Intel gained 1.4 percent to $38.09 after the two companies reported quarterly results above Wall Street expectations. However, Google parent Alphabet was down 0.8 percent at $850.35 after it posted fourth-quarter profit below analysts' estimates. American Airlines fell 5 percent to $47.10 after the No. 1 U.S. airline by passenger traffic reported a fall in profit. Colgate-Palmolive fell 5.9 percent to $64.20 after the personal products maker's fourth-quarter revenue missed estimates. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,768 to 1,047. On the Nasdaq, 1,628 issues fell and 1,075 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed 24 new 52-week highs and three new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 82 new highs and 23 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters Company News USA-STOCKS/ (UPDATE 4) facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru US STOCKS-Wall St little changed as earnings, GDP data disappoint US STOCKS-Wall St little changed as earnings, GDP data disappoint * Fourth-quarter GDP up 1.9 pct vs. est. 2.2... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 US STOCKS-Wall St slips after soft GDP data, earnings Reuters Jan. 27, 2017, 4:17 PM 12 facebook linkedin twitter email print * Fourth-quarter GDP up 1.9 pct vs est. 2.2 pct * Chevron down after profit falls short of estimates * All three major indexes on track to post weekly gains * Dow off 0.04 pct, S&P down 0.09 pct, Nasdaq up 0.1 pct (Updates to mid-afternoon, changes byline) By Chuck Mikolajczak NEW YORK, Jan 27 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks edged lower for a second consecutive session on Friday as some underwhelming corporate earnings and gross domestic product data offset recent enthusiasm over policy actions by President Donald Trump. U.S. economic growth slowed more than expected in the fourth quarter, with GDP rising at a 1.9 percent annual rate, below the 2.2 percent rise expected by economists and the 3.5 percent growth pace logged in the third quarter. Chevron fell 2.4 percent to $113.79 after its quarterly profit fell short of analysts' expectations. The stock was the biggest drag on the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average indexes. The S&P energy index, down 0.9 percent, was the worst performing of the 11 major S&P sectors. Starbucks curbed gains on the Nasdaq. Its shares dropped 4.0 percent to $56.12 after the world's biggest coffee seller trimmed its full-year revenue forecast. "The market has rallied on expectations of good things to happen in the future but as we are getting the data that is factual of what is going on, it is not as good as people are hoping," said Andrew Slimmon, portfolio manager at Morgan Stanley Investment Management in Chicago. "Which tells you, this earnings recovery that is expected in 2017, a good chunk of it is already baked into the market." Even with some disappointing corporate results, fourth-quarter earnings are expected to show growth of 6.8 percent, which would mark the biggest increase in two years and second straight quarter of growth, according to Thomson Reuters data. The Dow remained above 20,000 for the third straight day, after breaching the milestone for the first time on Wednesday as the post-election rally reignited. For the week, the Dow rose 1.3 percent, the S&P 500 gained 1 percent and the Nasdaq advanced 1.9 percent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 7.13 points, or 0.04 percent, to 20,093.78, the S&P 500 lost 1.99 points, or 0.09 percent, to 2,294.69 and the Nasdaq Composite added 5.61 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,660.78. Microsoft rose 2.3 percent to $65.78, while Intel gained 1.1 percent to $37.98 after both reported quarterly results above Wall Street expectations. However, Google parent Alphabet lost 1.4 percent to $845.03 after it posted fourth-quarter profit below analysts' estimates. Colgate-Palmolive slumped 5.2 percent to $64.68 after the personal products maker's fourth-quarter revenue missed estimates. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.35-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.15-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 27 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 116 new highs and 26 new lows. About 5.81 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.56 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters Company News USA-STOCKS/ (UPDATE 6) facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru US STOCKS-Wall St slips after soft GDP data, earnings US STOCKS-Wall St slips after soft GDP data, earnings * Fourth-quarter GDP up 1.9 pct vs est. 2.2... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In UberCloud snags $1.7 mln January 27, 2017 By Iris Dorbian Silicon Valley-based UberCloud, a online community, marketplace and software container factory for engineers, scientists and their service providers, has raised $1.7 million in funding. Earlybird Venture Capital led the round. In addition to the funding, Roland Manger, co-founder and partner of Earlybird, has been added to UberCloud’s board of directors. PRESS RELEASE Los Altos, CA and Istanbul, Turkey, January 27, 2017 – Today, UberCloud, the Silicon Valley based hub in the Cloud for engineers and scientists to discover, try, and buy computing on demand, announces the closing of its Pre-A $1.7M round led by Earlybird Venture Capital. Roland Manger, co-founder and partner of Earlybird, joins the UberCloud Board of Directors. UberCloud is the online Community, Marketplace, and Software Container Factory where engineers, scientists,and their service providers, discover try, and buy ubiquitous high-performance computing power and Software-as-a-Service from Cloud resource providers and application software vendors around the world. Engineers and scientists can explore, discuss, and use computing power on demand to solve critical design and developmentproblems. Unique UberCloud software container technology (based on Docker) simplifies software packageability and portability, enables ease of access and instant use of engineering SaaS solutions, and maintains scalability across multiple compute nodes. “UberCloud has created an entire cloud computing ecosystem for complex technical simulations, leveraging cloud infrastructure providers, developing and utilizing middleware container technology, and bringing on board established and proven application software providers, all for the benefit of a growing community of engineers and scientists that need to solve critical technical problems on demand,” said Roland Manger, co-founder and Partner at Earlybird. “While technical computing has been slow to adopt the benefits of the Cloud, we are convinced that UberCloud can be a catalyst for change.” Roland combines a long-standing investment track record with entrepreneurial and operational experience in leading roles at early stage companies, and has been involved in several successful startups, most recently at Hazelcast, UiPath, and Peak Games. “We here at Plug & Play are super excited for UberCloud, and their extraordinary growth in the field of High Performance Cloud Computing alongside other big players in the market,” said Alireza Masrour, Managing Partner at Plug & Play Ventures and Founding Partner of the Plug & Play Startup Camp. “We’re looking forward to being a part of the UberCloud team in the future!” “UberCloud specializes in running state of the art simulation applications like ANSYS and SIMULIA on the nearly infinite compute capacity offered by leading Cloud computing providers like Microsoft and HPE. Earlybird’s funding round has been specifically timed to fuel the company at a point of great potential,” explained Burak Yenier, co-founder and CEO of UberCloud. “Our products and powerful partnerships let us take advantage of a growing market opportunity and this funding round allows us to build our team to keep up.” “We are excited to welcome Roland Manger on our Board of Directors,” added Wolfgang Gentzsch, co-founder and President of UberCloud. “Earlybird’s funding, together with continuous support from our strong partners Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Intel, and Microsoft Azure, will enable us to serve the multi-billion-dollar technical computing market in front of us and take UberCloud to the next level of fully automated container technology.” UberCloud software container technology removes most of the challenges and roadblocks in engineering and scientific cloud computing, providing a seamless extension to the engineers’ in-house technical applications. These proven vendors´ all-in-one cloud solutions are presented on the UberCloud online marketplace and available to engineers and scientists on Cloud platforms around the world via one mouse click, simply through the customer’s desktop browser. ABOUT EARLYBIRD Earlybird is a venture capital firm focused on European technology companies with global ambitions. Founded in 1997, Earlybird invests in all growth and development phases of a company, offering its portfolio companies not only financial resources, but also strategic and entrepreneurial support, including access to an international network and capital markets. Find new deal opportunities, super-charge your fundraising efforts and track top managers with VCJ. Get your FREE trial! Or subscribe now!  Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Sun Capital ups four to MD by Iris Dorbian McKesson to buy CoverMyMeds for $1.1 bln by Luisa Beltran Time Warner Investments appoints Goldberg as SVP by Iris Dorbian Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Lloyd Jones, Millstein & Co., Neuberger Berman are hiring by Eamon Murphy PE-backed Solera buys Digidentity by Iris Dorbian Thoma Bravo to acquire Planview by Iris Dorbian Summit Partners promotes two to MD and two to principal by Iris Dorbian Is Trump vs. VCs a battle to come? by Alastair Goldfisher © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Can a new option in your OS really improve performance? Home Hardware Windows 10 Interview: Windows 10’s new Game Mode explained By Alec Meer on January 25th, 2017 at 6:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Just last week (and yet somehow an eternity ago, in terms of world events), Microsoft announced that they’d soon be adding something called ‘Game Mode’ to Windows 10 with the aim of improving games’ performance, but gave away few details about what this might involve. Are we talking real framerate gains, suppressing potentially bothersome background tasks or just freeing up a wee bit of RAM? With the first iteration of Game Mode due to arrive as part of Windows 10’s optional early Insider builds due today, I had a chat with Kevin Gammill, Partner Group Program Manager, Xbox Platform, spokesperson for the group building Game Mode, to find out what this thing actually does, which games it will support and what kind of control users will have over it. I’ll run the interview itself first, but underneath are a few quick thoughts from me on what I think this might all mean. RPS: What’s the basic thrust of Game Mode? Kevin Gammill: Game Mode’s a feature that we’re adding with the Creator’s Update in Windows 10. Our goals with Game Mode are pretty straightforward. It’s really about making Windows 10 the best operating system to play your games. We kind of look at that with two different lenses. One is both what I’ll call increased framerates for getting more performance out of the box, but the other one that I’d argue is probably more important is a more consistent gaming experience as you play your game. I don’t know if you’re a core gamer, I am; there have been many times where I’m in a game and I’m update against the final boss fight or whatever you want to call it, and because of what’s going on in the game I get a drastic reduced framerate and things start to get a little bit laggy. Providing a more consistent experience throughout the entire gameplay is also kind of an important feature of game mode. RPS: Is this with something that will apply just to Windows 10 games or all games? Kevin Gammill: Basically, I think you’re asking ‘will Game Mode only work for UWP-based games or will they also work for Win32 games?” Absolutely it will work for both. I do want to say that Game Mode will likely see a slightly better performance increase in UWP-based games, simply because we know the boundaries of the game. The way the operating system works and the way Win32 works, we really don’t know where the game starts and ends from a system level perspective, whereas with UWP we do. Because we know those boundaries better in UWP, we’re likely to be able to afford the game slightly better performance increases. But it absolutely works with both Win32 and UWB-based games. RPS: Is that legacy as well? Not just DirectX 12 stuff? Kevin Gammill: Correct. Absolutely. If you have a game that still runs on your Windows 10 machine that’s 15 years old, Game Mode will absolutely work with it. RPS: I was told in advance that you wouldn’t be saying too much about the nitty and gritty of performance gains just yet, but clearly that’s what most people are concerned with here. I’ve seen speculation that all it will do is suspend background tasks to free up a little more memory – any truth to that? And can it do anything to improve GPU performance specifically? Kevin Gammill: OK, great, I’ll go there. I want to keep this at a relatively high level because we’re short on time here, but what I’d love to do with you guys is go on to the depths on a future call, but I will touch a little bit on your questions now. With the Creator’s Update and Game Mode right now, we’re primarily focused on biasing the game versus the rest of the operating system, from a GPU and CPU perspective. So for some of the other system resources, we can get into a roadmap discussion on the next call, but really right now Game Mode is about biasing the game from a GPU perspective so it gets more of the cycles if it’s in the foreground, and from a CPU perspective both biasing to get more CPU cycles as well as avoiding what I’ll call thread contention for the game. The current UI overload that is the Xbox app in Windows 10 – not actually related to Game Mode per se, but hey, we had to illustrate this piece somehow RPS: Can you give a ballpark on the kind of performance boosts you’ve seen from this so far? Kevin Gammill: I’ll touch on that a little bit. Yes, is the short answer. Kind of the way I look at it is that any increase is a benefit, without question. Even it’s as low as, say, a 2% increase in framerate, if you’re running a hundred frames per second, I will take those extra two frames per second without question. Two percent is pretty significant when you’re playing your game. A specific answer to your question is that it’s probably too early in testing to give you a good idea where we’ll land. Basically of the broad configuration of PCs out there, both from a hardware perspective as well as from existing software running on those systems perspective, and then you throw in a variety of different games… We’re still doing a lot of testing and getting telemetry on how those results come back. So it’s really too early to tell, but the early results definitely look positive. RPS: How does it operate in terms of the UI and automation? Does it kick in by itself or is essentially extra faff before running your game? Kevin Gammill: It’s a little bit of both. At any time a user can call up the Game Bar and enable Game Mode for any title or game they would like. That’s kind of option one. And then at the same time we will have what we call kind of an approved list or whitelist of games that we feel super-comfortable about and we want to enable out of the gate. Those will be turned on by default. It’s a little bit of both. The user has full control to turn it on or off, that’s up to them on any game. And then we will have a list of games we know Game Mode works really well with, and that list will continue to grow over time, where it will be automatically enabled unless a user decides to turn off Game Mode. RPS: How will those updates work? Automated or manual? Kevin Gammill: It’ll be transparent to the user. We maintain a list – we call it the Known Games List – internally for both Game Mode and other game-related features, and that gets updated on a regular basis. RPS: Is this comparable to how new graphics card driver updates have new profiles for new games? Kevin Gammill: Yup, that’s a good analogy. RPS: A lot of people have a Netflix stream or a podcast playing or they’re streaming themselves while they play a game – what risks are there that Game Mode will interfere with that? I know they can just turn it off but it’s still a back and forth. Kevin Gammill: At the end of the day, if your machine is being fully-taxed it is a zero sum game. The amount of total GPU resources, for example, that you have on your system, is capped at a certain value. If you have a game running in the foreground and you have Lightroom running in the background crunching some video, you’d expect that to slow down if you have the game in the foreground running Game Mode. Absolutely, because we will bias the game that in in the foreground to have more of the GPU cycles than normal. RPS: What about stuff that’s not specifically GPU-y, like video streams or music? Kevin Gammill: If that is running in the background, depending on your system configuration, what machine you have, the amount of resources that you have, how much the game is taxing your system and the other software that you have running on your computer for that matter. Depending on that, there’s a chance that whatever you have running in the background does slow down because of what you’ve done. That should not be surprising, because it really is a zero sum game. RPS: Is there any scope to additionally whitelist non-game applications? Kevin Gammill: I think we should talk about that on our next call. That answer is there is a more complicated roadmap question, but it’s certainly something we’re considering. A good example for a lot of people is that they’ll have YouTube up and running as kind of a tutorial while you’re playing the game. That’s a scenario we want to be very thoughtful. We should probably talk about that more later. The other thing I’ll point is that we absolutely are working with IHVs (independent hardware vendors, specifically AMD, NVIDIA and Intel in this case – Acronymnonious Ed) on this. We’re working closely with IHVs on helping us to tune this even further. RPS: We’re not going to see anything favouring the green team over the red team or vice-versa? Kevin Gammill: No, not at all. Not at all. RPS: Just to confirm, by ‘Game Mode’ we are talking about purely a performance thing, not that the UI somehow switches to something alternate form? Kevin Gammill: Correct. At this point, it is more low-level than that. RPS: What game-related features are you looking at outside of performance? For instance, we’ve had some frustrations about how limited the control we have over games installed via the Windows store are – where they install to, even how to access the files. That’s outside my engineering area,. It’s a good question, and I apologise for not knowing the answer, but my team doesn’t handle that. RPS: Do you feel that, once you’ve got these profiles coming in and a baseline of functionality, that’s what Game Mode is? Or can we hope for far more significant performance gains later on? Absolutely. We have quite a roadmap built up for Game Mode, and our next conversation I would love to tell you more. We have easily a year’s worth of work we could do for continual improvements to Game Mode we want to make. RPS: What was it, broadly speaking, that made you do this? From the outside looking in, Windows has been fairly quiet about games despite occasional statements to the contrary. How much more significant a push is this one, and why? I would argue that it’s been more subtle, but we’ve continued to do work, at least with Windows 10, on improvements for games. A good example for that is shipping DX12 about two years ago. A game that adopts DX12 – huge performance increase, lower power draw etcetera. It’s not like we’ve ignored gaming up until now, but more specifically to answer your question – I have come more from the console side of the business. Those machines are dedicated gaming boxes, obviously, and we have a learned a lot in fine-tuning the operating system for the original Xbox, Xbox 360, Xbox One and soon to be Scorpio. We’ve taken some of those best practices, and we’re starting to apply those more broadly across more Windows devices. Game Mode’s an incarnation of that. RPS: What degree of crossover is there between this and DirectX? Do they remain separate projects and separate teams? We work very closely with the DirectX team, but this is more of a parallel work effort. This doesn’t bias the game better or worse depending on what version of DirectX you’re running. That is independent of how Game Mode works. RPS: I was more wondering if it will affect the future of DirectX if this is potentially the future of Windows for gaming. That’s probably a better roadmap conversation. Once I open that door, we have a very long conversation. RPS: Thanks for your time. Closing thoughts of my own, then? Real deep-down detail on what this does and how it really works is yet to come, but the main takeaway I had was that it may be focused on the aggressive suppression of other tasks so as to not steal performance from the game. This may well be useful – I’ve had situations where e.g. Windows’ antimalware tools suddenly start chewing up a bunch of CPU time because they’re not sure what some application or service is, or some third-party application or the other decides it wants to update itself at precisely the wrong moment. Something Kevin asked me outside of the interview was if I knew what he meant in terms of consistency of performance as opposed to performance itself, and yeah, sure, I’ve certainly known situations where things briefly go haywire because something other than game starts screaming for attention in one way or another. A few headaches might be saved if that kind of thing can be blocked. Actual graphical performance boosts I’m less sure about, however. Certain applications, such as Photoshop or video streaming, can tie up GPU time even in the background, so maybe there are situations whereby ensuring that the game has absolutely nothing denied to it will help, but it’s hard to see right now how this could go all the way to a meaningful improvement at all times. But maybe Game Mode can help to stop Windows itself from troubling the graphics card when it’s otherwise engaged – for instance, how Windows Shell Experience Host handles graphics for ‘Modern’ apps and controls rotation of desktop wallpaper. Various tiny background things that might minutely distract the GPU; as he says, a 2% performance gain might not be a big number, but there are certainly cases where it’s enough to make a difference. I mean, if you’re using Vsync, two or three fewer frames per second can be enough to drag the framerate lock down from 60 to 45 or even 30. Anyway: I’ll give Game Mode and spin once it’s available, and see what difference it’s actually making to games on my system. The first iteration of Windows 10 Game Mode is due to be made available later today, but for the time being requires opting into potentially raw and buggy Insider builds via Windows Update. It will see a wider public release as part of the forthcoming Creators Update for Windows 10. This update does not have an official release date as yet, but is rumoured to arrived in April. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. « Splatoon goes skateboarding in Surgeon Sim dev’s Decksplash Game Swap: Unity Of Command » feature, Hardware, interview, Microsoft, Windows 10. From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 110 Comments 25/01/2017 at 18:02 Ghostwise says: Obligatory indeed. Screaming-at-screen lady forever lives in our heart. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:26 thedosbox says: Particularly as she’s doing so at the Windows 10 start menu. On a CRT. While using a joystick. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:29 Ghostwise says: Heh. Facts. How… quaint. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:56 fray_bentos says: False news. SAD! Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 19:59 Kingseeker Camargo says: Surely you meant alternative news. 25/01/2017 at 20:29 fray_bentos says: Don’t tell me about alternative news. My alternative news is all over the alternative news. Women love it! 27/01/2017 at 01:44 April March says: I wish I could not tell you about alternative news, but I must. There’s no alternative. 26/01/2017 at 00:14 JackMultiple says: I like to pretend the screaming-at-screen-lady is my wife, getting kicked to the desktop while trying to play her “finding game” by Windows 10 Automatic Update Please Do Not Turn Off Computer. (A True Story). Except she doesn’t use a joystick to find things, she uses her finger on the laptop screen, and… what are those plastic-looking things stacked next to that old TV set? Some kind of food delivery tray mechanism from the past? Ha, these kids! Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 04:05 Don Reba says: The screaming-at-screen wifu. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:06 Snowskeeper says: Seems like they’re trying to keep expectations low. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:11 Ghostwise says: Personally I can’t tell anything. They’ve announced that they are doing something and then refuse to explain anything substantial because they’re too busy (??!). And what he *does* say is thickly, thickly buried in that fillers-rich version of the English language that dominates in American tech companies. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:32 Snowskeeper says: “Even it’s as low as, say, a 2% increase in framerate, if you’re running a hundred frames per second, I will take those extra two frames per second without question.” Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:47 Creeping Death says: Comments like that really made me think they were struggling for something to say about this whole thing. Honestly, does ANYONE here care if they are running a game at 100 fps and can get a whole whopping 2 more frames per second? Wow! My eyes almost rolled out of my skull when he made the core gamer comment. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 19:01 gabrielonuris says: Did you mean this one: I don’t know if you’re a core gamer, I am; there have been many times where I’m in a game and I’m update against the final boss fight or whatever you want to call it, and because of what’s going on in the game I get a drastic reduced framerate and things start to get a little bit laggy. My eyes made a complete 360° roll inside my skull. Twice. 25/01/2017 at 21:01 thekelvingreen says: I don’t know if you’re a core gamer I don’t know either, because it’s a meaningless buzz word. It was “I want to say” that made my eyeballs spin to escape velocity. If you want to say it, Kevin, then say it, don’t say you want to say it. Egad. 26/01/2017 at 01:54 cpt_freakout says: “The boss fight or whatever you want to call it” yeah, sure, I’ll call it “the part where you play hard”, right guys? I’m a core gamer, yeah, of course, I mean pff, come on, have you played the latest, um, yeah, Souls of Dark? Laggy all over, but I’ll take those two frames… no wait, it will take those two frames, no question. 26/01/2017 at 11:34 Crocobutt says: 100 fps, great, our monitors only support to 60, most games aren’t optimized that well anyway, and how many people have those fancy 120/144Hz monitors? 2% on, say, 50fps is 1 extra fps. Whoopee. But we’ll see what comes by 2020. Maybe they’ll iron win10 out and it’ll be worth moving over. 26/01/2017 at 09:02 alh_p says: It’s the games ergo “final boss” analogy, because final bosses are obligatory. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 19:41 Baines says: I’m guessing that they aren’t saying much both because expectations are low and because the bulk of the potential work is still undone and up in the air. He kept talking about future conversations as well as having ideas for a year of work. They’ve probably got a tiny performance boost from adjusting CPU/GPU priority and tinkering with resource allocation (like thread usage), and have likely reduced or at least smoothed out some of those mid-game performance dips. They’ve probably got a variety of future ideas, but those ideas aren’t implemented yet, and many turn out to be busts anyway. I’d figure stuff like more aggressive code prediction might fall into this area, along with other optimizations. They don’t want to over-promise and then fail to deliver. That leaves them with not much at all to say, though, as tiny frame rate increases aren’t major news. (And who knows, the whole project could go belly up if it managed to catastrophically fail in widespread testing.) Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 12:32 MajorLag says: That’s Windows 10 in a nutshell. “We’re changing something. Never you mind your pretty little head about what.” has been the description of pretty much ever update for a year now. It makes IT a more interesting world, in the Chinese curse sense of the word. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 12:34 DThor says: It honestly looks like meaningless sales talk. First off – don’t even *talk* to me about anything much under 15% speed increases since that’s around the perceptual variance error we all have when measuring speed. Just our mood or a caffeine drink can cause a 15% percent speed perception change – this isn’t a batch process, it’s real time plus messy human brains. Secondly, hearing MS talk about forking performance models just makes me cry. You *know* it’s going to require a developer to get on board or not, thus tying their horses to code that might well be in the bargain bin this time next year. I don’t buy the bafflegab about everyone benefitting “a bit”. Finally, salesman. I don’t care what he does for a living, he talks like a salesman. He’s being asked questions by someone he *should* know is fairly tech savvy, but to find anything meaningful in his response you have to dig… dig… dig… Blech. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 19:03 mattevansc3 says: Understandable really. A lot of Microsoft’s PR faux paus lately have come from them announcing products too early, hyping them up and then having to back track during development or prior to shipping. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:07 Anti-Skub says: “I don’t know if you’re a core gamer, I am” Well Alec? Are you? Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:18 StevieW says: Haha that me lol too :) Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:23 CriticalMammal says: I read the rest of his responses in a super snarky tone just because of that statement haha Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:30 pH101 says: haha I wondered about that. Alec (like garth): “I like to… play…” Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:17 slartibartfast says: I read all the Kevin Gamill bits in this interview in a real kind of greasy marketing executive voice with a bit of Lumbergh from office space thrown in for good measure. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:58 fray_bentos says: Me too, except for the bits where I was TUIMM (throwing up in my mouth) e.g.”core game”, bleurgh. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 19:02 dozurdogbite says: mmkay Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 00:08 JackMultiple says: Ha! Good one! Oh wait… which Lumburgh do you mean? “That” Lumburgh? or the other one? Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 12:00 David Mitchell says: Heh, well said! Reminds me of a classic D.A. quote from 1995; “The idea that Bill Gates has appeared like a knight in shining armour to lead all customers out of a mire of technological chaos neatly ignores the fact that it was he, by peddling second rate technology, led them into it in the first place, and continues to do so today.” ―Douglas Adams Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:23 StevieW says: RPS: Just to confirm, by ‘Game Mode’ we are talking about purely a performance thing, not that the UI somehow switches to something alternate form? Kevin Gammill: Correct. At this point, it is more low-level than that. ———– Three words there scare me. “At this point”. We’re doomed. Also, did he really speak like that, because if someone started talking to me in that way I’d have to ask if they needed medical help? Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 09:52 Da5e says: I’d love to go deeper into whether or not he really spoke like that, but this comment is really pushed for time. I’ll go deeper into it in a later comment, I’d love to, but for now I’ll just say that I can’t comment on that. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 11:25 Telkir says: Okay, but do you have a roadmap for how you’ll be going deeper into that question? Hopefully once you open that door we can have a very long conversation. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 12:36 MajorLag says: There was already mention of a “Game Bar”. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 15:20 Dances to Podcasts says: Will the Game Bar feature pole dancing presidents? Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:32 fearandloathing says: Well I would be damn surprised if this amounts to anything more than freeing up RAM & CPU a bit. For 90% of the builds, GPUs cause bottlenecks, and I frankly can’t see what they can do to improve that. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 21:10 aepervius says: They could tinker with the driver / GPU as to lower dynamically some parameter, e.g. color depth, vertical resolution (e.g. force 480p/720p and upscale rather than render at native 1024p) and various other shenanigan. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 10:04 TechnicalBen says: IIRC Quantum Break did that lower resolution thing at release… Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 12:57 paulkemp says: Freeing up CPU will help a lot in Overwatch. Not downloading windows updates, viruses etc while I am using 100% of my CPU does INDEED increase the FPS. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:32 Faults says: HELLO FELLOW CORE GAMERS, ARE YOU INTERESTED IN 2 EXTRA FPS? I SURE AS HECK AM. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:58 gabrielonuris says: How do you do, fellow core gamers?! Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 19:31 Orillion says: *Plays VIDEO ϟ GAME* Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 20:05 ColonelFlanders says: And next year, with the launch of Windows One, you’ll be able to watch TV on your PC! Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 23:23 Turkey says: Does anyone have a mod that removes the final boss? It’s causing some severe frame loss. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:39 Blad the impaler says: I used to be a reporter, and boy howdy, I do not miss dealing with these kinds of PR types. They’re good people, often excellent drinking companions. The tone is a usually a combination of a lack of experience regarding the subject matter (which probably doesn’t apply here) and the misconception that you have to be relevant and relatable, personally, to your audience to be an effective communicator. He also has scads of crap he can’t (probably legally) say, and I get that. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 23:13 mattevansc3 says: He’s not PR. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 23:51 Zanchito says: That just makes it worse. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 03:36 Ericusson says: The part where he tries to answer the question about background services the user wishes to use while playing is priceless. You can feel the panic in the brain while the mouth spurts some void filling BS almost in a marketing-reflex-no-brain-involved-there type of way. The profiles and formatting of Microsoft people allowed to speak are pretty much all the same all around the world ; can still recognize the mold I was familiar with 10 years after leaving this awful sphere of influence. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 12:46 Valkyr says: I loved it so much. You like streaming music? Well of course Lightroom’s video encoding is going to slow down Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:39 FurryLippedSquid says: “Two percent is pretty significant when you’re playing your game.” Back when I was trying to run Doom on a 486, maybe. Now? No. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 21:12 aepervius says: 2% being relative it was never that important even on a 386sx or 486dx, because it is still 2% only. Heck I like my 60 fps for various or bad reason, and I would not bother with a 20% difference. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 10:55 ThePuzzler says: Yeah, but supposing you were on 25 frames a second? An extra 2% would take you all the way up to twenty five and a half frames a second! If you can’t appreciate how much better that is, maybe you’re not even a core gamer! Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:47 KillahMate says: Ignoring all the fishy language going on, if it’s just an effort to ensure more consistent performance in games I’m absolutely all for it. I would instantly sacrifice my max FPS and some of my average FPS to bring up the minimum FPS in any of my games. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 18:48 Horg says: ”there have been many times where I’m in a game and I’m update against the final boss fight” Is this a typo or some sort of admission that Windows 10 always knows the worst possible time to install an automatic update? Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 19:31 Blad the impaler says: Comment of the day. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 20:07 ColonelFlanders says: Yeah I thought it was a real softball from Alec that he didn’t at least make a comment about that. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 04:13 Don Reba says: Is this a typo or some sort of admission that Windows 10 always knows the worst possible time to install an automatic update? Yeah, if you try to rearrange the words in that sentence into something that remotely makes any sense, that seems to be the take-away. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 19:05 gabrielonuris says: Two percent is pretty significant when you’re playing your game. Well, I don’t think so. If I play at 60fps, I’ll be able to play at 61,2 fps. Nah, I’ll keep my Windows 7 for now, thanks. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 20:43 brucethemoose says: Have you read TechReport’s frametime articles? This isn’t about raw FPS, it’s about stopping hitching, basically. If Microsoft can smooth out some of those drops by suppressing the background processes, the whole game will look smoother, even if the average FPS numbers don’t reflect that. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 20:57 Snowskeeper says: We’re talking about what the guy said. I hope you’re right, but regardless, the things the guy said are pretty silly. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 21:49 brucethemoose says: Well, he specifically mentioned thread contention. Eg, a background process comes knocking and keeps the CPU busy when it should be processing the current frame. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 23:11 Nauallis says: If this is all that the mode does I’d be okay with it – those background updates are really annoying and eat up CPU cycles. I’m not sure that it’ll make a noticeable quality-of-life difference though. 25/01/2017 at 19:07 dozurdogbite says: game mode… hmmm, or one could use o&oshutup or the likes. Better yet, fine tune windows 7, that’s the ticket. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 19:16 rochrist says: I can’t get far enough away from Windows 10. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 19:18 geldonyetich says: It would be nice if this could eliminate “hitching,” that extremely annoying phenomenon where a game stops dead for a split second because something somewhere in the background of the OS fancies a bit of a think. But that kind of optimism rarely gels with reality. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 19:36 TillEulenspiegel says: Reading between the lines a bit, I think that’s the whole point. Microsoft isn’t usually shy about having technical people explain technical things – see stuff like Channel9, or their extensive involvement in C++ conferences. I dunno why they’d bother letting a PR guy attempt to talk tech with The Gamers. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 19:44 mattevansc3 says: They didn’t. Kevin Gamill was/is a developer and a project manager. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 22:09 Psychedelic Squid says: It definitely sounds like he was in Project Manager mode for this interview, which is a shame since I imagine the folks who both follow RPS and would be interested in this article, are quite capable of understanding the bulk of what he’d explain in Dev mode. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 22:46 mattevansc3 says: My tech news RSS feed is inundated with different interviews he’s given today. Poor sod has probably had the same conversation twenty times in one day with outlets that don’t really do a lot of gaming news. 25/01/2017 at 19:18 Rao Dao Zao says: Wouldn’t it be nice if you could just turn off Windows’s unnecessary background tasks in general? Like how you used to be able to do that in older versions of Windows, without faffing around with a special Game Mode that might then suppress your music player by accident? It does feel a little bit like they’re inventing solutions to invented problems (see also: internet-enabled light switches). Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 20:28 flashlight_eyes says: I don’t know if you’re a core gamer, I am; there have been many times where I’m in a game and I’m update against the final boss fight or whatever you want to call it Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 20:48 alexheretic says: I am also a core gamer so completely understand this. I can’t be sure about other mantle & crust gamers though. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 23:54 Zanchito says: Many people are arm and pecs gamers, but I gotta tell you, core gamers have the real strength. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 20:40 engion3 says: Fuck you microsoft, I paid $100 for forza and it’s the only game in the past 5 years that’s had a crashing problem. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 22:48 mattevansc3 says: You are meant to brake as you are heading into a corner as well as avoiding other road users. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 09:08 alh_p says: Smashing pun! Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 13:33 Ghostwise says: It sure drove the point home. Log in to Reply 27/01/2017 at 10:12 Dogahn says: I had to figure out my login just so i could applaud this comment. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 21:47 Don Reba says: Fuck you microsoft, I paid $100 for forza and it’s the only game in the past 5 years that’s had a crashing problem. Why, that sounds like a drivers issue. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 20:54 Hedgeclipper says: The Boss fight comment is idiotic. If developers have more overhead they’re going to use it, just like they do today. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 20:54 Stone_Crow says: Damn it, I only play games on the surface of the earth. There is nothing for me here. =( Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 20:59 Rob Lang says: This all sounds reasonable. If I was asked to code this the way I’d do it is: Target the obvious thread jacking nonsense that the OS does like reindexing and pause it. These don’t run up a large amount of CPU or memory but it can eat concurrent threads which are limited. Perhaps give as far as giving the game a CPU affinity. Next I’d make sure that the game is given more real RAM and less swap. If it’s UWP/Unity, I’d give the garbage collector more room to breathe. These are safe sorts of things to do. Then I’d release it to the public with low expectations, measure what real machines with various configurations actually do and then iterate using the regular Windows update. I use Razer Cortex to shut down all the dev services I use on my box to grab back RAM and CPU but then my machine is far from clean. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 21:15 aepervius says: I may be wrong but I was in the mind that this is already the case. Stuff which on cron for specific time is run at that time, but index or other similar service are only called when it detects you are in a low cpu/low io/free mem situation. I could be wrong though. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 23:09 mattevansc3 says: It’s not just the OS you have to look at. Internet browsers, especially Chrome are not very efficient when it comes to RAM, CPU and GPU usage. Having it on in the background for music, wiki guides, YouTube, etc is going to have a performance hit and ideally Game Mode would target that. Log in to Reply 25/01/2017 at 22:33 foszae says: The one question you forgot: what command do i type to disable this extra layer of crap on my Windows install Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 12:44 MajorLag says: Based on my experience with their other features in Windows 10: you can officially do it with a reghack, but only on Enterprise edition. Unofficially, you remove all permissions to a particular executable in System32, and remember to redo that after every OS update. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 04:41 vahnn says: “I don’t know if you’re a core gamer, I am.” Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 07:01 Blackbird says: I would love to believe they are doing this for the love of gaming, but as is the trend with these companys, the end game is to by force, or con, cash from your pocket. Oh did I mention one more underhand way to gather your private information. It’s going to be intresting to see what they devise to deliberate the amount of dumps you take per day. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 07:31 Benratha says: “Kevin Gammill, Partner Group Program Manager, Xbox Platform”? Does that mean that the PC is an Xbox Platform? Also, what’s a Game Bar? Is that a W10 thing/ UI, or the start of a joke, e.g. “A Pentium and a Celeron walk into a Game Bar…” Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 17:21 KillahMate says: Yes – Microsoft now more-or-less sincerely considers Windows and XBox to be essentially a single platform. The ‘gaming’ app in Windows 10, the one nobody uses, is called ‘XBox’, and all of the connectivity and streaming etc. services MS is now pushing for Windows gaming are being marketed under the XBox umbrella. I think Microsoft genuinely believes that the XBox has some sort of positive brand equity with PC gamers, which is the most baffling part to me. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 07:48 Landiss says: “We kind of look at that with two different lenses. One is both what I’ll call increased framerates for getting more performance” What a perfect reasoning. How about “improving frame times to get more frames per second” or “getting better performance to make games perform better”. Seriously, it’s like if person driving a car too fast would explain to policeman “I was driving fast to get more km/h”. I stopped reading after that sentence, couldn’t stand that marketing speech… Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 09:41 Addie says: Game mode toggled on and off by Windows+G, apparently, which since my venerable Model M doesn’t have a Windows key, means that I’ll be attempting to remove this, same as their existing ‘game mode’ nonsense that pops up. I’m not giving up my clicky keyboard for a mere 2% ! Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 12:47 MajorLag says: I salute your taste in keyboards. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 09:41 nawiry says: I hope it can be uninstalled like the other Windows 10 bloatware and Xbone guff. I’m not a core gamer, I’m a PC gamer. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 10:14 RosalietheDog says: This guy is hilarious. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 20:14 alms says: My thought exactly. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 10:43 Dewal says: Felt like reading an interview of Molyneux. Lots of words and very little meaning. On some answers, it look like he talked so much he both forgot the question and what he said at the start of the phrase. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 12:23 David Mitchell says: What he’s really saying is there might soon be an option for gamers to temporarily turn off the Win10 background spyware constantly logging one’s activities and forwarding it to the NSA/GCHQ datastores. Yes Kevin, I believe it’s called uninstalling Win10 and/or disconnecting your Internet. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 12:43 yogibbear says: That was just bizarre. What a dickhead. “core gamer”. Puke puke puke. He came from the console side of the business too? What a fucking disgrace that was. He said absolutely nothing and then when poked decided that there wasn’t enough time to explain anything except to say that it would come in the future. This guy obviously knows absolutely nothing about what they are doing but knows all the buzz words to pretend like he can sell something to you. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 12:57 MajorLag says: This really came off as a PR guy thinking he’s talking to stereotypical Gamer Fuel chugging, Doritos eating, Xtreme Halo Gaming, “Nintendo only makes little kid games”, XBox audience. Which isn’t even really that large a group even on the XBox, let alone the PC. The takeaways I got from this are: There’s a Gamer Bar now, so you have even more UI cruft you don’t want and Microsoft will probably use it to market to you, and Microsoft is going to supply a list of game->minor-performance-tuning mappings as part of Windows Update, which you won’t be able to get in isolation since you can’t choose which updates to install or not anymore. It’s shit like this that makes me really wish Steam boxes had taken off and made Linux support practically mandatory for games. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 17:11 KillahMate says: There already is a Gamer Bar in Windows 10, been there since the OS came out – it’s just that nobody uses it since it’s a part of the XBox app which also nobody uses, but it already runs on Windows startup and stays in the background. It’s the thing I had to turn off to make Steam Big Picture work properly. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 13:00 Penguinho says: I’m wondering how this suppression of background processes is going to play with, say, a TeamSpeak server. Or Steam, Origin or Battle.net. Or an overlay like Hearthstone Deck Tracker. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 13:09 paulkemp says: 10% of the time i use my computer, I need 100% of the CPU cycles to focus on pushing Overwatch at 165 fps. Updates and background services causes the fps to dip below that, something I immediately notice. Today, I can white list Overwatch as one of the applications i need all my resources for (Game mode), and in the future this would be done automatic. This is a good thing. Log in to Reply 26/01/2017 at 16:32 Avus says: M$ did something for PC gaming?? Talk to me again when they REALLY did something to PC gaming. I still remember the bad experience with GFWL, games for Windows Store (more like Windows 10 + anniversary update store). It is stupid that a game (example: Forza Horizon 3) that “require” the newest Windows + Windows update to play. I am not asking a “Microsoft WINDOWS game” need to work all the way back to Windows XP… But not even work in Windows 7, 8 and 8.1?! Unless MS have the “technology” the made their games available in other digital distribution, otherwise I don’t need M$ do too much “for” the PC gaming. All you (M$) need to do is made Windows stable and don’t screw up Windows update too much (like the last couple times) Log in to Reply 27/01/2017 at 14:33 immaletufinishbut says: “I don’t know if you’re a core gamer, I am” Cmon, who even says stuff like this? Log in to Reply 27/01/2017 at 16:20 thenevernow says: A “Partner Group Program Manager”, apparently. :P Log in to Reply 27/01/2017 at 16:18 thenevernow says: Two questions I’d ask, given the chance: – there are two outlined advantages of Game Mode are higher FPS and a “consistent gameplay experience”. The case for the latter is “because of what’s going on in the game I get a drastic reduced framerate”. However smartly you allocate CPU and GPU resources, busier, frantic moments in games will see framerate dips. So does this feature actually cap framerates, so that the dips are less noticeable? Or does it work on frametimes like Rivatuner is supposed to do? (link to pcgamer.com) – The Game Mode is said to operate in two ways: manual activation by the user or automatic detection that a game is running, based on a whitelist. So what would be the disadvantage of having Game Mode always on? Higher CPU and GPU allocation to foreground processes, less to background ones? Certain Windows components being permanently disabled? Arbitrary third-party processes being stopped? None? Log in to Reply 28/01/2017 at 05:15 Photonboy says: “ZERO SUM GAME” is being used incorrectly BTW. It’s being used as there being no benefit. The correct usage involves at least two parties with one losing and one gaining such that the TOTAL is zero. As per the tool, there’s already a tool called “CPUCORES” which does much of what MS Game Mode looks to do. It prioritizes a game thread onto its own core, disables HT where it makes sense etc. Log in to Reply 28/01/2017 at 06:05 Snowskeeper says: Nnno, as much as I dislike him, he was using it correctly. He was saying that if everything is being used, then to gain something in one area you have to take it away from somewhere else. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> News and things Steam expands controller support, adds game-moving Get grasped Nvidia 1050: Cheap 1080p/60FPS Graphics? Overwatch this Steam Dev Days Goss: New Vive Controllers, Steam Link In TVs Whispers and snippets Get Gogged: Oculus Rift Hits European Retail Today Cyberdreams And much more… The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time Might & Magic Showdown is a great painting tool but a dull game A great paintjob on an old clunker Search for clues Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber WladTapas : “Man, an updated version would be sweeeet. And Kolbex, thank you for that link! I ...” on The Flare Path: Sequel This, Please Ejia : “Nyan Cat lives on forever in my heart.” on Wow! Such meme! Very Smite! tranchera : “Admittedly I haven't tried extremely hard to get into the game, but one thing that ...” on How Darkest Dungeon found new horror through its turn-based combat geerad : “Not only that, but when forced to play the tutorial, players will say "I know ...” on Games are best when they ignore you leeder krenon : “He's right.” on Have You Played… Sensible World Of Soccer? The 50 best strategy games on PC Hit Parade The best PC gaming deals of the week Find something new to play Have You Played... Sensible World Of Soccer? The first game I was ever good at The 50 Best Free Games On PC No free-to-play, just free. RPS Plays Paladins: character design, Overwatch comparisons, and would we play more Paladins pals. Pals-adins. Pally-dins. Yeah, that's it Wot I Think: Mainlining Complain-lining IF Only: Text Adventures For People Who Hate Guessing The Verb Parsers Verbed Have You Played... Mega Lo Mania? Populous but not boring Wot I Think: Resident Evil 7 The family that slays together... Blood, Sweat & Laughter: The Beauty Of The Build Engine 2.5D remembered. Interview: Windows 10's new Game Mode explained Can a new option in your OS really improve performance? Stunt Island, a vital piece of PC gaming history, is back When flight sims were for everyone XCOM 2 Guide To Strategy, Performance, Mods & More Everything you need to know. Initial thoughts on Resi 7's performance & Evil Deadiness Thoughts on the first couple of hours Wot I Think: Tiles & Tales - A 'free' game that forgets to cost money Getting stuffed on a free lunch Best Fallout 4 Mods For graphics, weapons, the UI and more. Have You Played... Sensible Golf? Bigger people, smaller balls Steam Charts: The Awakening Actual 2017 games at last! All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 5281 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.870% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Sat,  28 January 2017 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 8.20   -0.10 -1.20%   1STPRIMFMF 14.30   -0.30 -2.05%   AAMRATECH 33.30   -2.20 -6.20%   ABB1STMF 7.60   -0.20 -2.56%   ABBANK 24.40   -0.70 -2.79%   ACI   38.90   ACIFORMULA 180.50   10.40 6.11%   ACMELAB 114.10   4.10 3.73%   ACTIVEFINE 44.60   0.40 0.90%   AFCAGRO 49.80   -0.40 -0.80%   AFTABAUTO 67.10   -0.10 -0.15%   AGNISYSL 23.00   -0.50 -2.13%   AGRANINS 24.80   -0.50 -1.98%   AIBL1STIMF 8.70   -0.20 -2.25%   AL-HAJTEX 90.90   0.70 0.78%   ALARABANK 19.60   -0.50 -2.49%   ALLTEX 13.30   0.10 0.76%   AMANFEED 74.50   1.80 2.48%   AMBEEPHA 395.50   4.50 1.15%   AMCL(PRAN) 225.00   3.40 1.53%   ANLIMAYARN 29.70   0.10 0.34%   ANWARGALV 72.60   1.10 1.54%   APEXFOODS 140.40   2.50 1.81%   APEXFOOT 353.30   1.30 0.37%   APEXSPINN 113.60   1.00 0.89%   APEXTANRY 152.40   2.10 1.40%   APOLOISPAT 22.20   0.00 0.00%   ARAMIT 369.30   -0.60 -0.16%   ARAMITCEM 42.50   0.30 0.71%   ARGONDENIM 33.20   -1.20 -3.49%   ASIAINS 23.00   -0.40 -1.71%   ASIAPACINS 22.40   -0.70 -3.03%   ATCSLGF 10.80   0.10 0.93%   ATLASBANG 130.80   -0.40 -0.30%   AZIZPIPES 72.20   -0.90 -1.23%   BANGAS 124.00   -1.30 -1.04%   BANKASIA 20.10   -0.20 -0.99%   BARKAPOWER 44.10   -0.10 -0.23%   BATASHOE 1145.50   2.20 0.19%   BATBC   -7.60   BAYLEASING 28.60   -0.30 -1.04%   BBS   0.30   BDAUTOCA 86.00   -1.80 -2.05%   BDCOM   -0.10   BDFINANCE 17.90   0.10 0.56%   BDLAMPS 176.70   3.10 1.79%   BDTHAI 27.70   -0.50 -1.77%   BDWELDING 11.90   -0.40 -3.25%   BEACHHATCH 11.50   -0.10 -0.86%   BEACONPHAR 24.80   1.70 7.36%   BENGALWTL 44.90   -0.30 -0.66%   BERGERPBL 2349.00   51.20 2.23%   BEXIMCO 34.10   -0.50 -1.45%   BGIC   -0.30   BIFC   -0.10   BNICL   -0.80   BRACBANK 67.00   -2.00 -2.90%   BSC   30.10   BSCCL   -0.20   BSRMLTD 144.90   5.40 3.87%   BSRMSTEEL 102.00   2.40 2.41%   BXPHARMA 92.60   4.70 5.35%   BXSYNTH 9.30   0.20 2.20%   CAPMBDBLMF 10.40   -0.20 -1.89%   CENTRALINS 23.90   -0.50 -2.05%   CENTRALPHL 27.20   0.90 3.42%   CITYBANK 34.80   -1.60 -4.40%   CITYGENINS 19.50   -1.30 -6.25%   CMCKAMAL 24.10   -0.80 -3.21%   CNATEX 11.70   -0.40 -3.31%   CONFIDCEM 135.00   2.40 1.81%   CONTININS 22.90   -0.90 -3.78%   CVOPRL 173.30   15.70 9.96%   DACCADYE 8.80   0.20 2.33%   DAFODILCOM 39.80   0.60 1.53%   DBH   0.20   DBH1STMF 8.30   -0.10 -1.19%   DELTALIFE 118.20   -1.30 -1.09%   DELTASPINN 11.30   0.00 0.00%   DESCO   -0.40   DESHBANDHU 12.90   0.10 0.78%   DHAKABANK 21.10   -0.40 -1.86%   DHAKAINS 26.30   -0.80 -2.95%   DOREENPWR 103.60   -1.30 -1.24%   DSHGARME 333.50   -3.40 -1.01%   DSSL   0.50   DULAMIACOT 9.90   0.80 8.79%   DUTCHBANGL 118.80   -0.60 -0.50%   EASTERNINS 35.00   -0.90 -2.51%   EASTLAND 26.00   -0.20 -0.76%   EASTRNLUB 1125.00   24.30 2.21%   EBL   0.90   EBL1STMF 8.00   -0.10 -1.23%   EBLNRBMF 8.00   -0.10 -1.23%   ECABLES 142.60   0.50 0.35%   EHL   0.20   EMERALDOIL 33.00   0.40 1.23%   ENVOYTEX 40.70   -0.40 -0.97%   ETL   -0.50   EXIM1STMF 8.60   0.00 0.00%   EXIMBANK 15.60   0.10 0.65%   FAMILYTEX 10.10   -0.10 -0.98%   FARCHEM 25.20   0.20 0.80%   FAREASTFIN 14.10   -0.30 -2.08%   FAREASTLIF 80.00   -0.40 -0.50%   FASFIN 14.50   -0.20 -1.36%   FBFIF   -0.30   FEDERALINS 15.30   -0.50 -3.16%   FEKDIL 32.00   -1.00 -3.03%   FINEFOODS 26.00   1.00 4.00%   FIRSTFIN 10.60   -0.10 -0.93%   FIRSTSBANK 15.90   0.00 0.00%   FORTUNE 53.80   -1.40 -2.54%   FUWANGCER 19.70   -0.40 -1.99%   FUWANGFOOD 15.10   -0.20 -1.31%   GBBPOWER 22.40   -0.50 -2.18%   GEMINISEA 720.30   -1.00 -0.14%   GENNEXT 10.50   -0.30 -2.78%   GHAIL   0.10   GHCL   0.10   GLAXOSMITH 1582.80   27.60 1.77%   GLOBALINS 21.90   -0.10 -0.45%   GOLDENSON 21.20   -0.50 -2.30%   GP   2.40   GPHISPAT 40.90   0.70 1.74%   GQBALLPEN 82.90   1.50 1.84%   GRAMEENS2 14.50   -0.20 -1.36%   GREENDELMF 8.30   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 61.20   -0.60 -0.97%   GSPFINANCE 26.70   -0.10 -0.37%   HAKKANIPUL 46.20   -1.90 -3.95%   HEIDELBCEM 556.00   -2.00 -0.36%   HFL   -0.50   HRTEX   -0.60   HWAWELLTEX 37.80   -0.20 -0.53%   IBBLPBOND 988.00   -4.00 -0.40%   IBNSINA 271.70   21.80 8.72%   ICB   15.50   ICB1STNRB 24.90   0.60 2.47%   ICB2NDNRB 10.80   0.20 1.89%   ICB3RDNRB 7.70   -0.20 -2.53%   ICBAMCL2ND 9.50   0.10 1.06%   ICBEPMF1S1 7.90   0.00 0.00%   ICBIBANK 6.20   -0.10 -1.59%   ICBSONALI1 8.00   -0.30 -3.61%   IDLC   -2.10   IFADAUTOS 117.00   -4.50 -3.70%   IFIC   -0.40   IFIC1STMF 7.40   -0.30 -3.90%   IFILISLMF1 8.40   0.00 0.00%   ILFSL   -0.40   IMAMBUTTON 15.50   -0.90 -5.49%   INTECH 14.20   -0.50 -3.40%   IPDC   0.30   ISLAMIBANK 47.50   0.60 1.28%   ISLAMICFIN 21.60   0.10 0.47%   ISLAMIINS 23.30   -1.10 -4.51%   ISNLTD 14.70   -0.20 -1.34%   ITC   -0.10   JAMUNABANK 18.80   0.00 0.00%   JAMUNAOIL 217.50   5.10 2.40%   JANATAINS 16.20   0.00 0.00%   JMISMDL 181.90   6.90 3.94%   JUTESPINN 59.00   0.30 0.51%   KARNAPHULI 18.30   -0.70 -3.68%   KAY&QUE 42.80   2.00 4.90%   KBPPWBIL 21.70   0.10 0.46%   KDSALTD 77.80   -2.90 -3.59%   KEYACOSMET 15.20   -0.30 -1.94%   KOHINOOR 389.70   9.00 2.36%   KPCL   -0.20   KPPL   0.10   LAFSURCEML 84.10   -0.80 -0.94%   LANKABAFIN 52.00   0.60 1.17%   LEGACYFOOT 22.50   0.70 3.21%   LIBRAINFU 460.00   -2.40 -0.52%   LINDEBD 1293.50   -5.60 -0.43%   LRGLOBMF1 7.80   -0.10 -1.27%   MAKSONSPIN 9.40   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 20.20   0.00 0.00%   MARICO 1055.00   8.90 0.85%   MATINSPINN 38.00   -1.10 -2.81%   MBL1STMF 8.30   0.10 1.22%   MEGCONMILK 10.00   0.10 1.01%   MEGHNACEM 110.50   -1.60 -1.43%   MEGHNALIFE 66.00   -2.00 -2.94%   MEGHNAPET 10.10   0.40 4.12%   MERCANBANK 18.30   -0.60 -3.17%   MERCINS 21.00   -0.10 -0.47%   METROSPIN 8.40   0.00 0.00%   MHSML   -0.90   MICEMENT 86.00   -0.10 -0.12%   MIDASFIN 26.20   0.00 0.00%   MIRACLEIND 53.40   1.00 1.91%   MITHUNKNIT 55.00   -0.90 -1.61%   MJLBD   1.10   MODERNDYE 171.00   0.70 0.41%   MONNOCERA 41.00   -0.60 -1.44%   MONNOSTAF 509.90   -10.30 -1.98%   MPETROLEUM 198.20   3.70 1.90%   MTB   -1.00   NATLIFEINS 186.80   0.00 0.00%   NAVANACNG 69.90   -0.70 -0.99%   NBL   -0.20   NCCBANK 14.90   -0.40 -2.61%   NCCBLMF1 8.50   -0.30 -3.41%   NFML   -0.70   NHFIL   -0.40   NITOLINS 28.30   -0.50 -1.74%   NLI1STMF 13.70   0.00 0.00%   NORTHERN 265.20   4.10 1.57%   NORTHRNINS 26.80   -1.10 -3.94%   NPOLYMAR 91.20   0.20 0.22%   NTC   32.50   NTLTUBES 116.20   -0.10 -0.09%   OAL   -0.50   OLYMPIC 311.70   1.70 0.55%   ONEBANKLTD 20.60   -0.10 -0.48%   ORIONINFU 59.00   -0.90 -1.50%   ORIONPHARM 50.00   0.80 1.63%   PADMALIFE 32.50   -1.20 -3.56%   PADMAOIL 233.20   12.50 5.66%   PARAMOUNT 19.60   -0.60 -2.97%   PENINSULA 31.70   0.60 1.93%   PEOPLESINS 23.40   0.20 0.86%   PF1STMF 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   PHARMAID 260.30   7.80 3.09%   PHENIXINS 32.80   0.00 0.00%   PHOENIXFIN 34.00   1.30 3.98%   PHPMF1 7.40   -0.20 -2.63%   PIONEERINS 36.00   -0.90 -2.44%   PLFSL   -0.10   POPULAR1MF 7.50   -0.20 -2.60%   POPULARLIF 85.60   -0.10 -0.12%   POWERGRID 55.70   -1.30 -2.28%   PRAGATIINS 35.20   -0.50 -1.40%   PRAGATILIF 102.00   -1.80 -1.73%   PREMIERBAN 13.50   0.10 0.75%   PREMIERCEM 91.00   -0.90 -0.98%   PREMIERLEA 13.50   -0.70 -4.93%   PRIME1ICBA 7.70   -0.20 -2.53%   PRIMEBANK 20.80   -0.30 -1.42%   PRIMEFIN 12.50   0.40 3.31%   PRIMEINSUR 22.00   -0.40 -1.79%   PRIMELIFE 64.40   0.10 0.16%   PRIMETEX 28.60   -0.50 -1.72%   PROGRESLIF 58.70   -2.10 -3.45%   PROVATIINS 19.70   -1.10 -5.29%   PTL   -0.50   PUBALIBANK 28.20   -1.00 -3.42%   PURABIGEN 19.50   -0.80 -3.94%   QSMDRYCELL 97.00   0.10 0.10%   RAHIMAFOOD 116.20   -3.30 -2.76%   RAHIMTEXT 243.00   1.50 0.62%   RAKCERAMIC 68.60   1.80 2.69%   RANFOUNDRY 125.00   4.80 3.99%   RDFOOD 17.80   0.20 1.14%   RECKITTBEN 1520.00   3.50 0.23%   REGENTTEX 18.20   -0.40 -2.15%   RELIANCE1 10.60   -0.50 -4.50%   RELIANCINS 54.90   -0.80 -1.44%   RENATA 1105.00   -3.60 -0.32%   RENWICKJA 599.10   6.40 1.08%   REPUBLIC 25.80   -0.80 -3.01%   RNSPIN 29.00   0.80 2.84%   RSRMSTEEL 78.00   5.10 7.00%   RUPALIBANK 32.30   0.20 0.62%   RUPALIINS 22.50   -1.60 -6.64%   RUPALILIFE 46.30   -0.20 -0.43%   SAFKOSPINN 14.30   -0.40 -2.72%   SAIFPOWER 69.80   5.70 8.89%   SAIHAMCOT 17.50   -0.70 -3.85%   SAIHAMTEX 19.60   -0.10 -0.51%   SALAMCRST 38.40   -1.00 -2.54%   SALVOCHEM 17.40   0.00 0.00%   SAMATALETH 28.70   1.30 4.74%   SAMORITA 82.10   0.30 0.37%   SANDHANINS 40.00   0.50 1.27%   SAPORTL 46.00   -0.30 -0.65%   SAVAREFR 65.10   -4.90 -7.00%   SEBL1STMF 12.70   0.10 0.79%   SEMLLECMF 9.70   -0.10 -1.02%   SHAHJABANK 16.40   -0.40 -2.38%   SHASHADNIM 76.80   -1.10 -1.41%   SHURWID 11.80   0.30 2.61%   SHYAMPSUG 22.60   0.90 4.15%   SIBL   0.80   SIMTEX 27.10   -0.30 -1.09%   SINGERBD 205.00   2.20 1.08%   SINOBANGLA 28.60   -0.30 -1.04%   SONALIANSH 200.80   2.20 1.11%   SONARBAINS 19.90   -0.80 -3.86%   SONARGAON 12.50   0.80 6.84%   SOUTHEASTB 22.80   0.00 0.00%   SPCERAMICS 12.70   -0.10 -0.78%   SPCL   1.80   SQUARETEXT 71.60   -0.20 -0.28%   SQURPHARMA 260.80   -0.40 -0.15%   STANCERAM 53.00   1.20 2.32%   STANDARINS 18.80   -1.40 -6.93%   STANDBANKL 14.50   -0.10 -0.68%   STYLECRAFT 1350.00   49.10 3.77%   SUMITPOWER 43.10   -1.50 -3.36%   SUNLIFEINS 24.00   -0.10 -0.41%   TAKAFULINS 21.60   -0.70 -3.14%   TALLUSPIN 11.20   0.00 0.00%   TITASGAS 52.40   0.20 0.38%   TOSRIFA 21.70   -0.60 -2.69%   TRUSTB1MF 7.70   -0.10 -1.28%   TRUSTBANK 26.10   -0.70 -2.61%   TUNGHAI 14.30   -0.40 -2.72%   UCB   -0.50   UNIONCAP 25.00   -0.40 -1.57%   UNIQUEHRL 57.20   -1.30 -2.22%   UNITEDAIR 7.10   0.30 4.41%   UNITEDFIN 26.50   0.50 1.92%   UNITEDINS 33.60   -0.10 -0.30%   UPGDCL 153.50   3.20 2.13%   USMANIAGL 88.00   -0.40 -0.45%   UTTARABANK 28.60   0.10 0.35%   UTTARAFIN 71.00   -1.70 -2.34%   VAMLBDMF1 9.50   0.20 2.15%   VAMLRBBF 9.40   -0.10 -1.05%   WATACHEM 174.00   5.60 3.33%   WMSHIPYARD 33.00   -0.40 -1.20%   YPL   -0.60   ZAHEENSPIN 23.00   -0.40 -1.71%   ZAHINTEX 22.30   -0.50 -2.19%   ZEALBANGLA 30.50   -2.30 -7.01%   Latest News Investors in India brace for less friendly budget Don’t interfere in EC: Quader to foreigners Power in 28 days for businesses Eyebrow-raising Student killed in school compound Border tax could favour Gulf oil Robbers loot valuables from house  Two fire victims die at CMCH Actor John Hurt dies at 77 Trump suspends refugee program RAB nab two Huji suspects  TIME - 03:09 pm National Robbers loot valuables from house  Economy Investors in India brace for less friendly budget World Trump suspends refugee program Stock US stocks edge lower Power in 28 days for businesses TOP NEWS Eyebrow-raising Border tax could favour Gulf oil Student killed in school compound Two fire victims die at CMCH SOEs' debt to govt piles up Don’t interfere in EC: Quader to foreigners NBR to make available ECRs to businesses at cost price Barapukuria coalmine MD stand-released Hawkers take to 'mechanical tricks' to dodge eviction drives ‘Keep pry level up to class V revising education policy’ RAB nab two Huji suspects  January 28, 2017, 11:15 am Rapid Action Battalion (RAB) personnel nabbed two suspected members of Harkat-ul-Jihad Bangladesh (Huji) from Karpashdanga village in Damurhuda upazila of Chuadanga district on Saturday. The arrestees were identified as Abdullah Al Mamun and Rakibul Islam, according to UNB report. Major Monir Ahmmed, Read more Heroin worth 2 million seized in Rajshahi January 28, 2017, 11:13 am Members of Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) recovered 1kg of heroin worth TK 2.0 million in 'C and B' intersection area of Godagari upazila under Rajshahi on Friday afternoon. According to a press release, a patrol team of BGB led by subedar Read more Economy US GDP growth slows to 1.9pc in Q4 US economic growth slowed sharply in the fourth quarter, the Commerce Department said Friday. The economy grew at a 3.5 per cent annual rate in the third quarter. The Gross Domestic Japan core consumer prices fall in Dec January 27, 2017, 10:52 am Remittance $701.62m in first 20 days of 2017 January 27, 2017, 6:29 pm B'desh hosts Asia Pacific Business Forum Feb 08-09 January 27, 2017, 12:18 am Probe into Yunus' tax benefits January 26, 2017, 3:25 pm India still plans expansive budget January 26, 2017, 1:53 pm Finance Move to inject Tk 8.0b into microcredit sector The Microcredit Regulatory Authority (MRA) has taken a move to inject around Tk 8 billion in cash into the country's microcredit sector. It took the move to inject the money by cutting microfinance institutions' (MFIs) deposit funds from 15 per cent Tax-evading import up to 15pc BIDA’s act to woo investors awaits parliament approval NBR nets addl Tk 10b revenue Budget review body meeting today Editorial Manpower shortage at state-run BRTC The focus directed on one of the afflictions besetting the Manpower shortage at state-run BRTC The focus directed on one of the afflictions besetting the Op-Ed Job-stealing robots -- a growing concern Over the last decade open markets and global trade have Job-stealing robots -- a growing concern Over the last decade open markets and global trade have Change is a constant; why not unpredictability? Spinning a top on the palm mirrors the green field Change is a constant; why not unpredictability? Spinning a top on the palm mirrors the green field Need for re-imagining regional cooperation Comprised of Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, the Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan, Need for re-imagining regional cooperation Comprised of Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, the Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan, Stock Stocks end higher for 13 straight weeks Stocks finished higher for the 13 consecutive weeks that ended on Thursday as investors continued their buying spree on large-cap Asian shares drift mostly higher US stocks end flat Stocks end flat after bumpy ride Stocks flatten as investors' participation thins out NZ shares end at three-month high Nikkei surges to two-week high SE Asian stocks steady in thin trading Asian shares advance National Man killed by ‘wife’ in Laxmipur Police recovered the body of a man, alleged to have been killed by his wife, from a septic tank of his house in Charpata area of Raipur upazila under Laxmipur on Friday night, two days after he went missing. The victim was identified as Abu Taher, a resident of the area, reports UNB. Sheikh Shariful Islam, additional superintendent of police, said Taher Search committee meets today BD moves two notches up in democracy index PM visits Tungipara on rickshaw van EC search panel controversial: BNP Blast injures three at Chittagong home Schoolgirl found dead in home Eight suffer burns in oil tanker blast Behrouze Ispahani's qulkhwani held Trade and Market Mexico border tax would hit US agricultural imports  The 20 per cent tax on imports floated by the Trump administration would affect a wide range of agricultural goods. Mexico exported $21 billion of food and drink north of the border in 2015, according to data from the US Department of Agriculture. •    Fresh vegetables -- The US imported from Mexico $4.84 billion of tomatoes, onions, chili peppers and other Wrapping-up rush at DITF Seven BD entities win SAFA awards Tofail asks India to lift anti-dumping taxes, trade barriers  Syria's million-tonne Russian wheat pact in jeopardy EU imposes steel anti-dumping duty on China, Taiwan Casino Moguls eye Japan Tata Steel's UK pensions trustee warns deficit to surge Alibaba buys MoneyGram for $880m World Wall destroys lives, says Berlin mayor Berlin Mayor Michael Mueller has urged US President Donald Trump "not to go down the road of isolation" with his planned border wall with Mexico. Mr Mueller warned such divides cause "slavery and pain" and would "destroy the lives of millions". The German city was divided by the Berlin Wall from 1961 to 1989. Mr Mueller's statement came as Mr Trump and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto agreed to "work out their differences" over the issue. The planned wall was one of Mr Trump's ... May in White House for talks with Trump  Trump favours nuclear option if SC pick gets blocked Al-Shabab claims to have killed dozens of Kenyan troops Sci-tech Alphabet sees strong revenue rise Google parent Alphabet Inc posted fourth-quarter profit below analysts' estimates on Thursday, hurt by a higher tax rate, but analysts cheered the company's progress in diversifying its business beyond advertising. While advertising still accounts for the lion's share of Google's revenue, rising 17.4 per cent to $22.4 billion in the quarter, Alphabet Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat underscored that the company is broadening its business - pointing to growth in hardware, app sales and the cloud business, reports Reuters. The company's other ... India plans to re-measure Mount Everest Light to moderate fog likely Faulty batteries caused Note 7 fiasco: Samsung Education DU faculty members, officials can fly with Emirates on discounted fares Emirates, one of the leading airlines in the world, has signed a corporate deal with University of Dhaka, to give No quarter if found responsible for textbook errors: minister 1,100 USTC med students' fate uncertain New role for Momtaz Sports Quasem Cup Golf Tournament begins in Rangpur RANGPUR, Jan 27 (BSS): The three-day "Quasem Cup Golf Tournament-2017" kicked off this morning on the Golf Ground of Rangpur Cantonment here in the city. The Quasem Group of Industries has been sponsoring the tournament being organised by Rangpur Golf Club (RGC), said a press release. More than 100 contestants, including males, females, junior and sub-junior golfers from different golf clubs of the country, have been participating in the gents, ladies, junior and sub-junior groups of the tournament. Rangpur Area Commander, General Officer ... Two sisters add another chapter to tennis’ greatest sibling rivalry today Nadal to meet Federer in another Grand Slam final Man Utd into Cup final despite loss Health BDRCS must ensure quality humanitarian assistances: President President Abdul Hamid Thursday asked the Bangladesh Red Crescent Society (BDRCS) to ensure humanitarian assistances at different times including the natural disasters. "Bangladesh Red Crescent Society plays a very significant role in humanitarian services . . . I hope that the new committee would gear up its activities in the days coming ahead with more effectively," he said.  Hamid said it to the new office-bearers of the BRDCS who called on the President at Bangabhaban. President's Press Secretary Joynal Abedin informed reporters that ... Brazil yellow fever outbreak kills 40 Bangladesh finds two bird flu cases Nasim asks 2 hospitals to form probe bodies over irregularities Entertainment Actor John Hurt dies at 77 The versatile actor Sir John Hurt, who could move audiences to tears in "The Elephant Man," terrify them in "Alien," I am not ready for marriage: Deepika Shia LaBeouf arrested at Anti-Trump protest Scarlett Johansson and husband split  Politics EC search panel controversial: BNP The BNP has rejected the search committee for the next Election Commission saying its members are ‘controversial’. The party’s official reaction to the six-member panel formed by President Abdul Hamid was announced by BNP Secretary General Mirza Fakhrul Islam Alamgir on Friday, according to bdnews24.com.   ... Nat’l committee to stage sit-in on Feb 25 No rattles of weapons on campuses: PM Khaleda sued for ‘defamatory statement’ about Bangabandhu Country Rajshahi police arrests doctor's wife with stolen newborn Police arrested wife of a physician in possession of a newborn that went missing from a Rajshahi clinic eight days ago. The baby was found during a raid on the house of Dr Akteruzzaman at Rajshahi's Tikaparha Bashar Road on Friday afternoon. The arrested is identified as Shahin Akter Shubhra, said Shah Makhdum police OC Zillur Rahman, reports bdnews24.com. On Jan 19, Mukti Khatun gave birth to a boy at Naodaparha Urban Primary Health Care at Rajshahi's Poba Upazila. "A woman stole the baby ... Schoolgirl found dead in home Eight suffer burns in oil tanker blast Three killed in Pabna road crash PHOTO GALLERY Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina is responding to a question from member of the parliaments in the Jatiya Sangsad on Wednesday. –Focus Bangla Photo Bangladesh Chhatra League (BCL) leaders greet Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina with flowers at a views-exchange meeting at Ganabhaban. –UNB Photo President Abdul Hamid, along with some female officials of Bangladesh Police, poses for photo session at a function on Wednesday at Bangabhaban on the occasion of the Police Week 2017. –Focus Bangla Photo Hundreds of people attend the first namaz-e-janaza of Mirza Ali Behrouze Ispahani, a leading industrial conglomerate of the country after Asr prayer at Gulshan Azad Mosque on Monday. Behrouze Ispahani was the managing director of the International Publications Limited, the owning company of The Financial Express. –FE Photo Hundreds of people attend the first namaz-e-janaza of Mirza Ali Behrouze Ispahani, a leading industrial conglomerate of the country after Asr prayer at Gulshan Azad Mosque on Monday. Behrouze Ispahani was the managing director of the International Publications Limited, the owning company of The Financial Express. –FE Photo more news BD moves two notches up in democracy index January 28, 2017, 12:08 am Seven BD entities win SAFA awards January 27, 2017, 10:40 pm Belgium, France, Netherlands to introduce rail ID checks January 27, 2017, 9:29 pm Trump, Putin to talk over phone Saturday January 27, 2017, 9:15 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 84 ISSUES DECLINED 161 Most popular SOEs' debt to govt piles up January 28, 2017, 12:15 am BD moves two notches up in democracy index January 28, 2017, 12:08 am Keep pry level up to class V revising education policy January 28, 2017, 12:09 am Power in 28 days for businesses January 28, 2017, 1:55 pm NBR to make available ECRs to businesses at cost price January 28, 2017, 12:14 am Barapukuria coalmine MD stand-released January 28, 2017, 12:13 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG ICB 155.00 170.50 157.00 170.50 10.00 IBNSINA 249.90 271.70 248.20 271.70 8.72 ACI 445.10 484.00 445.40 483.20 8.56 SAIFPOWER 64.10 69.90 64.10 68.90 7.49 PHOENIXFIN 32.70 35.90 32.60 35.10 7.34 RSRMSTEEL 72.90 79.90 71.90 78.20 7.27 ACIFORMULA 170.10 181.00 169.00 179.50 5.53 BSC 561.90 599.00 569.00 592.20 5.39 FINEFOODS 25.00 26.70 24.80 26.30 5.20 PADMAOIL 220.70 234.30 222.10 231.60 4.94 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation IBNSINA 250.00 271.70 248.20 271.70 8.68 SAIFPOWER 64.30 69.90 64.10 69.80 8.55 ICB 157.10 170.50 157.00 170.50 8.53 RSRMSTEEL 72.10 79.90 71.90 78.00 8.18 ACI 448.00 484.00 445.40 484.00 8.04 UNITEDINS 31.80 33.90 31.80 33.60 5.66 ACIFORMULA 171.10 181.00 169.00 180.50 5.49 BXPHARMA 87.90 93.00 87.50 92.60 5.35 PADMAOIL 222.10 234.30 222.10 233.20 5.00 ATCSLGF 10.30 10.80 10.30 10.80 4.85 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG SAVAREFR 70.00 66.00 65.00 65.30 -6.71 STANDARINS 20.20 19.50 18.50 18.90 -6.44 AAMRATECH 35.50 36.00 32.00 33.30 -6.20 KDSALTD 80.70 81.80 74.50 75.90 -5.95 RELIANCE1 11.10 11.20 10.50 10.50 -5.41 RUPALIINS 24.10 24.20 22.50 22.80 -5.39 CITYGENINS 20.80 20.90 19.50 19.80 -4.81 GHAIL 48.60 50.00 46.00 46.30 -4.73 NCCBLMF1 8.80 8.80 8.40 8.40 -4.55 PUBALIBANK 29.20 29.40 27.50 27.90 -4.45 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation ZEALBANGLA 32.80 32.80 30.50 30.50 -7.01 CITYGENINS 20.90 20.90 19.50 19.50 -6.70 RUPALIINS 24.10 24.20 22.50 22.50 -6.64 AAMRATECH 35.60 36.00 32.00 33.30 -6.46 PURABIGEN 20.80 20.80 19.30 19.50 -6.25 PREMIERLEA 14.40 14.60 13.50 13.50 -6.25 REPUBLIC 27.50 27.50 25.70 25.80 -6.18 HAKKANIPUL 49.20 49.20 46.20 46.20 -6.10 RAHIMAFOOD 122.90 122.90 115.20 116.20 -5.45 SAIHAMCOT 18.50 18.50 17.40 17.50 -5.41 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 20072008200920102011201220132014201520162017 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved Powered by :
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsTicket Prices For The Crunchies Increase In Just 5 Days Get Yours Today Alphabet’s long bets start looking better: It’s The Daily Crunch Posted 15 hours ago by Darrell Etherington (@etherington) 0 SHARES Next Story Disrupt NY 2017 registration is open, get your extra early bird tickets now Every Monday, Wednesday and Friday our daily guided tour of the biggest tech stories from the past 24 hours will appear here on TechCrunch.com. To get The Daily Crunch in your inbox every day of the week, sign up here. Alphabet’s ‘other bets’ start looking like better bets, Microsoft ascends to the clouds and Trump enlists more titans of tech. All that and more in The Daily Crunch for January 27, 2017. And if you’re a billionaire prepper, Middle Earth apparently looks like a pretty good escape route. 1. Alphabet’s letters beyond G are starting to make money Alphabet formed to make sure that it could treat Google and its other businesses with the individual care and accountability that each merits, and now its Other Bets are starting to pay off. During its most recent quarter, it revealed big growth for revenue from that category of its business, and a significant decrease in spending. We’ve seen a lot of action in the Other Bets category to turn things around this year, including shifts from pure research to early commercialization at Waymo and Verity, for instance. Expect this to continue and accelerate through 2017. 2. Microsoft Office and cloud offerings push earnings up Microsoft saw a bit better performance than analysts were expecting in its quarterly earnings, helped along by growth in its Office and cloud segments, which is promising because the company is really restructuring to focus on those offerings as its primary concerns. AI and cloud were the talk of the town on the earnings call, too. Everyone’s betting on distributed, intangible brains. 3. Donald Trump’s manufacturing council includes tech leaders Trump’s preference for a regulation-light industry environment has industry leaders trying to get close to help sway things their way. This time around, a new manufacturing council Trump set up has announced its full membership. The council includes Dell CEO Michael Dell, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, Tesla CEO Elon Musk and more. If things go south for this administration, which seems like a fairly reasonable possibility, it’s going to be awkward seeing all these industry leaders walk it back. 4. Apple’s looking to boost its AI efforts Apple is in danger of either being or appearing a laggard in the AI world, and that could have big impact on its ability to recruit top talent. Two moves today should help on that front. In iOS 10.3 it’s offering an opt-in feature that would allow Apple to analyze user iCloud data anonymously and use it to drive its intelligent software work. Separately, it also officially joined the Partnership on AI to Benefit People and Society, with Siri lead Tom Gruber acting as Apple’s representative. This is likely intended to signal to AI talent that the iPhone-maker is actively participating in the field. 5. Snapchat’s big UI overhaul Snapchat hasn’t done much in the way of changing its basic UI, but a new universal search feature is a big difference. The feature arrived for iOS users, and there’s a lot to go through if you’re used to the way things were. Anthony takes a look at the changes in a diet demo. 6. Thiel of New Zealand Peter Thiel is a New Zealand citizen, it turns out. Heck of a backup plan for a guy helping Trump turn the U.S. upside down. 7. Tesla sues Chris Urmson and its former head of Autopilot A lawsuit exposed stealth startup Aurora to the light, since the company co-founded by Chris Urmson and Tesla ex-Director of Autopilot Sterling Anderson was named along with the men as defendants in a civil lawsuit from Tesla. Tesla says its former employee stole company secrets and poached employees – though it was pretty unsuccessful at the last bit, as only two employees ended up going over to the new co., which works on autonomous driving software systems. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Popular Posts Featured Stories Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report VIDEO | 3:45 | Crunch Report Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 12 hours ago | Anna Escher Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 17 hours ago | Natasha Lomas Trump’s manufacturing council includes Elon Musk, Michael Dell and Mark Fields 17 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Alphabet’s bets beyond search are starting to pay off yesterday | Matthew Lynley Latest From TechCrunch Crunch Report | Galaxy S8 Coming in March 5 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 8 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 9 hours ago | Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 10 hours ago | Josh Constine Comment moderation powered by Up Next Disrupt NY 2017 registration is open, get your extra early bird tickets now Posted 16 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Senior Developer - 41399BR at Harvard University - Faculty of Arts and Sciences (Cambridge, MA, United States) Engineer: Client Support Center at Target (Brooklyn Park, MN, United States) Product Manager at Calldorado (Kongens Lyngby (Copenhagen), Denmark) IT Infrastructure Manager (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland; Berlin, Deutschland) Digital Strategies Manager at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Charlotte, NC, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report | Galaxy S8 Coming in March 5 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 8 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 9 hours ago by Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 10 hours ago by Josh Constine Rogue National Park Service Twitter account says it’s no longer run by government employees…but maybe it never was 10 hours ago by Sarah Perez Leapfrogging in higher ed 11 hours ago by Hunt Lambert, Pete Wheelan Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 12 hours ago by Anna Escher Silicon Valley’s false feminist idol finally makes a peep 12 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Netgear’s Orbi might be the best Wi-Fi router I’ve ever used 13 hours ago by John Biggs Alexa scores some Super Bowl skills for next week’s big game 13 hours ago by Brian Heater
ISSN 2330-717X Home News Opinion Analysis Business Social Religion Entertainment Environment Technology Health Game Over For Democrats? – OpEd Democrat Party logo By Mike Whitney January 28, 2017 In 2008, the American people overwhelmingly voted for “change” in Washington. They never got it. Hence, Trump. To pretend that there’s not a straight line connecting the failed policies of Barack Obama and the subsequent rise of Donald John Trump, is to ignore the obvious and to shrug off responsibility for the situation the country is in today. Obama created Trump, the man didn’t simply appear from the ether. Had Obama acted in good faith and kept his promises to shake up the status quo, end the foreign wars, restore civil liberties, hold Wall Street accountable or relieve the economic insecurity that working families across the country now feel, Hillary Clinton would have been a shoe-in on November 8th. As it happens, Obama made no effort to achieve any of these goals, which is why Hillary was defeated in the biggest political upset of the last century. The point we need to underscore here, is that the Democratic leadership is responsible for Trump, not the working class people in the red states who merely did what they had to do to effect change.  These people can’t be blamed for voting their own best interests. That’s what people do. Had Obama done anything to genuinely improve the economy, things might have turned out differently. But he didn’t, in fact– as popular as Obama was– a full two thirds of the American people thought the country was headed in the wrong direction. In other words, the election was a referendum on Obama’s performance as the primary steward of the US economy. Obama lost that referendum. Even so, the DNC could have reloaded and taken a different approach to the economy under Hillary. They didn’t. They thought the “recovery” meme was effective enough to put them over the finish line. But it wasn’t effective enough, because too many people saw that the recovery was a fraud, that there was no recovery,  it was all a slick Madison Avenue public relations campaign aimed at concealing the fact that Obama had restructured the US economy in a way that deliberately kept growth at-or-below 2 percent so the Fed could continue pumping cheap money to its constituents on Wall Street while everyone else saw their personal debtload grow, their retirement savings vanish, and their standards of living slip.  Isn’t that what really happened? Obama’s grand restructuring project has resulted in perennial economic stagnation and widespread pessimism about the future. The former president  oversaw the greatest transfer of wealth from working class people to parasitic plutocrats in the history of the nation. It wasn’t an accident. Obama was following a blueprint that was given to him by his handlers at the DNC. So now the country is to be led by a brash billionaire reality TV celebrity who has no previous political experience and who seems unusually sensitive to any kind of personal criticism. Not surprisingly, there’s no sign that the Democratic leadership feels any responsibility for this extraordinary development. Why is that? Why hasn’t anyone in the DNC admitted their failure, admitted that they didn’t accurately gage the mood of the country or the hunger for change? Why haven’t they acknowledged that putting the most untrustworthy candidate of all time –a thoroughly dislikable, warmongering harridan– on the ticket was a mistake? Why? It’s because this vile collection of corporate Dems who run the party are incapable of self reflection, right? It’s because the Podesta throng — who still hold the party in their deathgrip –truly believe that bamboozling their base with Potemkin executives like Barack Obama, is a terrific model for running the government. They think Obama’s tenure as president was a success story, mainly because  his grandiloquent bloviating and larking around on stage with sleeves rolled up like an overpaid athlete– diverted attention from the trillions of dollars  that were being sluiced to the banking whores on Wall Street. Isn’t that why the Dems haven’t changed? They actually think they’ve stumbled on the secret formula for winning elections and that the election of Trump in 2016 is just a “one off”, a temporary setback. But it’s not a one off.  The rise of  Trump has been accompanied by the rise of rightwing parties and ideology across the planet. What we are seeing is a fundamental change in the zeitgeist, which is “the defining spirit or mood of a particular period of history as shown by the ideas and beliefs of the time.”  In  this view, Obama represents the culmination of the values and ideas that emerged during the 1960s and persisted until just recently when they collapsed. The utter corruption of the progressive vision (due, in large part, to the cynical and reactionary policies of parties like the Democrats) has paved the way for a new era, the Trump era, in which state repression is bound to increase even while personal liberty and economic security are steadily eviscerated. And what is the Dems response to this new phenom? Why, nothing at all. The whole matter seems to be over their heads. They don’t seem to grasp the shifting public mood, the changing epoch  or how it will impact their future plans. Instead, they are doing everything in their power to make themselves more irrelevant. It’s pathetic. And keep in mind, that ever since the election, the Dems have made no effort at course correction, no effort to reconnect with the millions of working people in the red states who used to vote Democrat but switched because they wanted change. No. Instead, party leaders have embarked on a counterproductive character assassination campaign aimed at discrediting the new president by alleging Russian “hacking” of the election. And while they have produced absolutely zero hard evidence to substantiate their loony claims, the Dems, the media and the thoroughly unreliable Intel agencies have continued this scapegoating onslaught thinking that they are shaping public opinion in a way that undermines  President Trump. It would all be laughable if it wasn’t so serious. But it is serious. The rise of Trump poses some significant challenges to democratic government, but, regrettably, the opposition party is in the middle of a major nervous breakdown. How are they going to stop this autocratic juggernaut in their present state of collapse? They won’t be able to. They’re going to get beat to a pulp unless they get it together and stop  running around with their hair on fire yelling, “The Russians are coming” instead of rebuilding the party on a commitment to basic progressive values; civil liberties, non intervention, and economic fairness. The Democratic Party has to be more than a membership register attached to a donor’s list. It needs to reconnect with its base and try to understand why working people are either leaving the party altogether or so disenchanted they won’t even vote. How about a little self-examination, eh? How about clearing out the deadwood starting with crooked Hillary and her sleazy handler, Podesta?  How about committing to a vision for change that’s more than a public relations scam aimed at hoodwinking your base? How about ending the buck passing bullshit and pushing legislation that offers some relief for rampant economic insecurity, student debt, dwindling retirements, universal health care, and environmental devastation. The Democratic party doesn’t have to be a place where progressive ideas go to die. But they’d better get it together fast or it’s going to be Game over. TOPICS:DemocratDonald TrumpElectionsPoliticsUnited States About the Author Mike Whitney Mike Whitney writes on politics and finances and lives in Washington state. He can be reached at [email protected] Previous post Next post Be the first to comment on "Game Over For Democrats? – OpEd" Leave a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website Search for: Home About Editorial Staff Authors and Partners Contact Submit an Article Privacy Policy And Terms Of Use Recent Articles January 28, 2017 How Political Competition Made Europe Rich – OpEd January 28, 2017 Trump’s Wall: An Attempt To Insult And Humiliate Mexicans – OpEd January 28, 2017 Europe In The Trump Era – Interview January 28, 2017 Trumpism At UN: America First In Action – OpEd January 28, 2017 Can And Will Trump Do What He Says? Implications For Africa – Analysis January 28, 2017 Raul Castro: The Path Of Unity – Address To CELAC Conference January 28, 2017 Stealing Deposits: Deposit Insurance, Risk-Taking And Removal Of Market Discipline In Early 20th-Century Banks – Analysis January 28, 2017 Chinese Welcome Year Of The Rooster Recent Comments Alamdar M Khan on South Asia Tensions: Pakistan Test-Fires Multiple Target Nuclear Missile – Analysis NADER JUNAID on Afghanistan Cannot Be Abandoned To China-Pakistan-Russia Troika In 2017 – Analysis Gustavo on The War Horror Has Begun – OpEd Gustavo on Corruption And The Self-Destroying Of Democracy – OpEd Cherl on Double Standards: Where Were Liberal Protestors During Obama’s Wars? – OpEd Eurasia Review Newsletter Copyright 2017 | By Eurasia Review (ISSN 2330-717x) This popup will close in: Please Support Eurasia Review   Eurasia Review does not receive financial support from any institution, corporation or organization. We are truly independent. Your contributions allow Eurasia Review to continue operating. Please consider donating today.   Signup for Eurasia Review's FREE newsletter CLOSE
Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings By The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 7.13 points, or 0.04 percent, to 20,093.78, the S&P 500 lost 1.99 points, or 0.09 percent, to 2,294.69 and the Nasdaq Composite added 5.61 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,660.78. - Australia firm signs 20-year pact to supply US LNG to India Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts Budget 2017 Presented By: DAYS hours minutes Presented by : Co-Presenting Sponsor : Associate Sponsors : Co-Presenting Sponsor : Associate Sponsors : Budget News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Best of Budget » Letter to Finance Minister » Expectations » Market Outlook » Flashback » Real Estate » SME Corner » Insurance Corner » Mutual Fund Corner » Budget Poll » Budget Bets » Tease Your Mind » Classroom » Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Markets » International Markets Jan 28, 2017, 02.23 PM | Source: Reuters Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 7.13 points, or 0.04 percent, to 20,093.78, the S&P 500 lost 1.99 points, or 0.09 percent, to 2,294.69 and the Nasdaq Composite added 5.61 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,660.78. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 7.13 points, or 0.04 percent, to 20,093.78, the S&P 500 lost 1.99 points, or 0.09 percent, to 2,294.69 and the Nasdaq Composite added 5.61 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,660.78. Post Your Comments Share Cancel US stocks edged lower for a second consecutive session on Friday as some underwhelming corporate earnings and gross domestic product data offset recent enthusiasm over policy actions by President Donald Trump. US economic growth slowed more than expected in the fourth quarter, with GDP rising at a 1.9 percent annual rate, below the 2.2 percent rise expected by economists and the 3.5 percent growth pace logged in the third quarter. Chevron fell 2.4 percent to USD 113.79 after its quarterly profit fell short of analysts' expectations. The stock was the biggest drag on the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average indexes. The S&P energy index , down 0.9 percent, was the worst performing of the 11 major S&P sectors. Starbucks curbed gains on the Nasdaq. Its shares dropped 4.0 percent to USD 56.12 after the world's biggest coffee seller trimmed its full-year revenue forecast. "The market has rallied on expectations of good things to happen in the future but as we are getting the data that is factual of what is going on, it is not as good as people are hoping," said Andrew Slimmon, portfolio manager at Morgan Stanley Investment Management in Chicago. "Which tells you, this earnings recovery that is expected in 2017, a good chunk of it is already baked into the market." Even with some disappointing corporate results, fourth-quarter earnings are expected to show growth of 6.8 percent, which would mark the biggest increase in two years and second straight quarter of growth, according to Thomson Reuters data. The Dow remained above 20,000 for the third straight day, after breaching the milestone for the first time on Wednesday as the post-election rally reignited. For the week, the Dow rose 1.3 percent, the S&P 500 gained 1 percent and the Nasdaq advanced 1.9 percent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 7.13 points, or 0.04 percent, to 20,093.78, the S&P 500 lost 1.99 points, or 0.09 percent, to 2,294.69 and the Nasdaq Composite added 5.61 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,660.78. Microsoft rose 2.3 percent to USD 65.78, while Intel gained 1.1 percent to USD37.98 after both reported quarterly results above Wall Street expectations. However, Google parent Alphabet lost 1.4 percent to USD8 45.03 after it posted fourth-quarter profit below analysts' estimates. Colgate-Palmolive slumped 5.2 percent to USD 64.68 after the personal products maker's fourth-quarter revenue missed estimates. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.35-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.15-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 27 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 116 new highs and 26 new lows. About 5.81 billion shares changed hands in US exchanges, compared with the 6.56 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. Tags  Wall Street US markets Dow Jones industrial average Nasdaq Composite S&P 500 Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Hold Crompton Greaves Consumer; target of Rs 165: Religare Porinju: Where to hunt for multibaggers; why Nov mkt fall was irrational Ganeshaspeaks: Market prediction for January 27 L&T Q3 net seen up 7% at Rs 1035 cr, order inflow may fall 20% IMF says Greece debt 'explosive' in long term Govt has increased investment in railways, infra: Prabhu Begged for help, not loans, says Mallya Trump, Mexican leader speak over phone amid 'wall' rift Zuckerberg condemns Trump's anti-immigrant executive orders See all Video of the day Surprised by market upmove post cash ban; buy stocks: Kotak MF Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Confirmation hearings ObamaCare Donald Trump SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Dem senator hits colleagues silent on Trump's refugee ban Blog Briefing Room — 5h 2m ago Democrats denounce Trump's actions barring refugees Blog Briefing Room — 5h 41m ago State Dept web page on refugees disappears Blog Briefing Room — 6h 6m ago Trump to speak with Putin, other world leaders Saturday Blog Briefing Room — 6h 51m ago Trump orders publication of stats on terror-linked crime by foreign nationals Administration — 7h 37m ago Warren goes on tweetstorm over refugee ban Blog Briefing Room — 7h 44m ago Opposites attract: May, Trump appear to be on same page Contributors — 8h 27m ago Kamala Harris: 'Make no mistake — this is a Muslim ban' Ballot Box — 8h 35m ago view all   Democrats denounce Trump's actions barring refugees By Evelyn Rupert - 01/27/17 10:26 PM EST 2,052   © Getty Democrats resoundingly condemned Trump’s executive action on refugees and U.S. entry from several predominantly Muslim countries Friday.  Senate Minority Leader Chuck SchumerCharles SchumerDemocrats denounce Trump's actions barring refugees Warren goes on tweetstorm over refugee ban Schumer calls Trump refugee order 'backward and nasty' MORE (D-N.Y.) said “tears are running down the checks of the Statue of Liberty” and called the order “backward and nasty.”  Trump's executive order bans Syrian refugees "until such time as I have determined that sufficient changes have been made to the [U.S. Refugee Admissions Program] to ensure that admission of Syrian refugees is consistent with the national interest." ADVERTISEMENT His action also suspends the entire refugee program for 120 days, and also halts entry for visitors and certain visa holders from Iran, Sudan, Syria, Libya, Somalia, Yemen and Iraq for 90 days.   Sen. Elizabeth WarrenElizabeth WarrenDemocrats denounce Trump's actions barring refugees Warren goes on tweetstorm over refugee ban Warren: I’m opposing Trump’s ’dangerous’ Education pick MORE (D-Mass.) and freshman Sen. Kamala Harris (D-Calif.) said the order constitutes a “Muslim ban.”   Warren called the move “a betrayal of American values.”  Sen. Chris MurphyChris MurphyDem senator hits colleagues silent on Trump's refugee ban Democrats denounce Trump's actions barring refugees Dem rep on Trump's refugee order: 'I am ashamed that he is our president' MORE (D-Conn.) wrote in an Huffington Post op-ed that “Trump has now handed ISIS a path to rebirth." On Twitter, he shared a widely spread photo of a 3-year-old Syrian boy who drowned as his family attempted to migrate to Europe, along with the message: “To my colleagues: don’t ever again lecture me on American moral leadership if you chose to be silent today.”   Sen. Dianne FeinsteinDianne FeinsteinDemocrats denounce Trump's actions barring refugees Intel Committee Dems to Trump: Read torture report Senators move to nix Trump's ban on funding NGOs that provide abortions MORE (D-Calif.) invoked the same image.  “There is no legitimate national security reason to ban refugees — the vast majority of whom are women and children who have experienced absolute horror,” she wrote in a statement.  Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.), whose name often comes up in 2020 speculation, called the order “fundamentally un-American.”  President Trump’s fundamentally un-American executive order today stands in painful contrast to our ideals: pic.twitter.com/ynDLwRgqrW— Cory Booker (@CoryBooker) January 28, 2017  Sen. Jeanne Shaheen Jeanne ShaheenDemocrats denounce Trump's actions barring refugees Sheryl Sandberg blasts Trump's revival of ban on abortion funding Overnight Healthcare: Ryan maps out GOP timeline on ObamaCare MORE called it “grossly inhumane.”  Sen. Brian Schatz (D-Hawaii) wrote on Twitter: “Shame. Shame. Shame. Today is a dark day. I feel sick.” Trump's action earned support from top Republicans like Speaker Paul RyanPaul RyanDemocrats denounce Trump's actions barring refugees Ryan: Building border wall 'urgent' House panel sets infrastructure hearing MORE, who wrote in a statement: "President Trump is right to make sure we are doing everything possible to know exactly who is entering our country." Tags Elizabeth Warren, Dianne Feinstein, Jeanne Shaheen, Chuck Schumer, Chris Murphy, Paul Ryan   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Surprise! Trump doing what he said... In his first frantic week at the White House, Donald Trump is doing almost... 386 Shares 2 THE MEMO: Five takeaways from... The Trump we saw on Friday was not as combative or as colorful as he can... 227 Shares 3 'Calexit' supporters can start... "Calexit" supporters need nearly 600,000 signatures from registered voters... 213 Shares 4 Trump bans Syrian refugees,... President Trump on Friday signed an executive order that he said would... 162 Shares 5 Franken: No Dems will vote to... Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) says President Trump’s pick for secretary of... 132 Shares 6 Trump: Persecuted Christian... “They’ve been horribly treated,” Trump said in an interview with Christian... 99 Shares 7 Poll: Trump voters OK with a... According to a new poll by Public Policy Polling, supporters of President... 93 Shares 8 Dem senator hits colleagues silent... Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) hit fellow lawmakers on Twitter Friday night,... 93 Shares 9 In gamble, Trump team embraces... Trump and his advisers cheered after the Dow crossed 20,000 points for the... 74 Shares 10 Trump brought up ending Electoral... President Trump told congressional leaders he was considering getting rid... 66 Shares 11 Wall Street Journal: Trump’s... The Wall Street Journal on Thursday slammed President Trump’s treatment of... 58 Shares 12 Trump, Mexican president agree to... "The Presidents also agreed for now to not publicly talk about this... 56 Shares 13 Gabbard meeting with Assad draws... Democrats and Republicans appear equally rattled at Rep. Tulsi Gabbard's... 54 Shares 14 Rubio's Tillerson vote is why... OPINION | The Florida senator always talks a good game, but never follows... 53 Shares 15 GOP lawmakers voice concerns over... "That’s going to be called Trumpcare," GOP lawmaker says of replacement. 44 Shares 16 Trump signs directive spurring '...  President Trump on Friday afternoon signed an executive memorandum that... 43 Shares 17 Albright: I'm 'ready to register... Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said Wednesday she is... 43 Shares 18 Anti-Defamation League knocks... Jonathan Greenblatt, CEO of the Anti-Defamation League, blasted the White... 42 Shares 19 New wave of anti-evolution bills... New legislation introduced in a handful of states would allow alternatives... 41 Shares 20 Trump team prepares dramatic cuts Donald Trump is ready to take an ax to government spending.  41 Shares 21 McConnell all but rules out... Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) in a sit-down interview... 41 Shares 22 Spicer takes issue with CNN... The official website for the event repeatedly refers to it as a... 40 Shares 23 Democrats denounce Trump's actions... Democrats resoundingly condemned Trump’s executive action on refugees and... 40 Shares 24 Sanders applauds scientists '... Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) took to Facebook to throw his support behind... 40 Shares 25 Week ahead: Russian sanctions in... The debate over Russia sanctions is taking center stage as Trump prepares... 39 Shares 26 Trump sets dizzying WH pace in... In his first days in office, President Trump is taking on a dizzying... 38 Shares 27 Zuckerberg criticizes Trump on... Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg's criticism seems likely to increase... 36 Shares 28 McCain warns Trump he'll fight on... Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) is urging President Trump not to make a "... 35 Shares 29 Pence: 'Life is winning again in... Vice President Pence assured anti-abortion protestors Friday that their... 35 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Ex-Mozilla Engineer: Don't use third-party antivirus software 1 hour ago Microsoft fixes "out of memory" errors for Windows phone emulators in Windows 10 1 hour ago This week in science: Metallic hydrogen, electricity without heating, and more 2 hours ago OnePlus shows off Dash Charge capability besting Google's Pixel XL 2 hours ago View all recent news Ex-Mozilla Engineer: Don't use third-party antivirus software 1 hour ago Microsoft fixes "out of memory" errors for Windows phone emulators in Windows 10 1 hour ago Having trouble installing Windows 10 build 15019? Here's the official workaround 2 hours ago Gears of War 4 introduces cross-play between Xbox One and Windows 10 PCs in Social Quickplay 6 hours ago View all Microsoft news Ex-Mozilla Engineer: Don't use third-party antivirus software 1 hour ago OnePlus shows off Dash Charge capability besting Google's Pixel XL 2 hours ago Google's next Pixel will arrive with improved specs, possibly with a cheaper sibling 6 hours ago Google Docs and Sheets apps get updated with new features 6 hours ago View all Google news Apple formally joins Partnership on AI 14 hours ago iOS 10.3 and macOS 10.12.4 Sierra are now available to Public Beta testers Jan 26, 2017 Apple takes its legal battle against Qualcomm to China, sues the company for a billion yuan Jan 26, 2017 watchOS 3.2 will add a Theater Mode so you can stop annoying people in movie theaters Jan 24, 2017 View all Apple news Google Chrome 56.0.2924.76 13 hours ago Malwarebytes AdwCleaner 6.043 14 hours ago Geek Uninstaller 1.4.3.107 15 hours ago Internet Download Manager 6.27 Build 3 16 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Review: Aukey's PB-Y3 30,000mAh power bank offers Quick Charge 3.0 and USB Type-C Jan 23, 2017 Belkin Boost Up 15W Wireless Fast Charging Pad review Jan 21, 2017 Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank Jan 15, 2017 Elephone S7 review: affordability has its drawbacks Jan 15, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 Unboxing the Lenovo Moto Z reveals some unexpected surprises Oct 21, 2016 View all unboxings Microsoft working on Cloud Shell, a 'lightweight Windows version for modern computing world' Jan 26, 2017 Samsung to repair S7 edge screens with pink line issue, but there's a catch Jan 26, 2017 Windows 10 build 14393.726 update now on Update Catalog, here are the fixes 21 hours ago Acer tells owners of its Windows 10 Mobile flagship they won't receive Anniversary Update 17 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get the Microsoft Universal Windows Platform Expert Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals 19 hours ago Get this Multi-Faceted Microsoft Office Professional Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Jan 26, 2017 Get the Machine Learning with Python Course and E-Book Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Jan 25, 2017 Get a lifetime license to Flux 6 for just $49.99 via Neowin Deals Jan 24, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Google's next Pixel will arrive with improved specs, possibly with a cheaper sibling By Timi Cantisano News Reporter Neowin LLC @timicantisano · 6 hours ago with 1 comment It has only been a few months, but it appears that Google's next and unannounced handset is already reaching the internet. When a new successor comes to market there is always hopes that it will improve on a number of features of its predecessor. The follow-up to the Pixel appears to be heavily focused on the camera experience - one of the highlights of the current Pixel and Pixel XL. According to the folks at 9to5Google, it appears that the next Pixel will not get a bump up in megapixels, but Google is working to improve the image and video quality. As with any new flagship device, variants of the handset will offer a newer CPU, with a number of test models packing a newer Qualcomm Snapdragon and even Intel processors. One of the details that has yet to be confirmed is the inclusion of waterproofing. Initially, it was rumored that a waterproof successor was a sure thing, but it appears that Google is still deciding on whether this feature will arrive on the consumer version. Lastly, there could be a slight price bump with the arrival of the latest Pixel handsets, but Google could also debut a cheaper variant of the handset, with lower specs, that is destined for other markets. Source: 9to5Google Tags Google Pixel Google pixel 2 Google pixel 2b Pixel successor Android Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Gears of War 4 introduces cross-play between Xbox One and Windows 10 PCs in Social Quickplay Next Story Samsung's upcoming assistant Bixby confirmed in new job listing Advertisement Community Activity Refresh Ex-Mozilla Engineer: Don't use third-party antivirus software in Front Page News Seagate looking to introduce 14TB and 16TB drives over the next 18 months in Front Page News Miscellaneous Launches and Payloads (updates) in Science Discussion & News Having trouble installing Windows 10 build 15019? Here's the official workaround in Front Page News Microsoft fixes "out of memory" errors for Windows phone emulators in Windows 10 in Front Page News Google's next Pixel will arrive with improved specs, possibly with a cheaper sibling in Front Page News New Horizons Mission - Pluto + Charon Encounter in Science Discussion & News Alcatel to go down modular path with rumored handset announcement at Mobile World Congress in Front Page News Trending Stories Microsoft working on Cloud Shell, a 'lightweight Windows version for modern computing world' Jan 26, 2017 with 25 comments Samsung to repair S7 edge screens with pink line issue, but there's a catch Jan 26, 2017 with 22 comments Windows 10 build 14393.726 update now on Update Catalog, here are the fixes 21 hours ago with 12 comments Acer tells owners of its Windows 10 Mobile flagship they won't receive Anniversary Update 17 hours ago with 36 comments Related Stories Google begins live testing of Android Instant Apps Jan 24, 2017 'Instant Tethering' is a new feature rolling out to Pixel and Nexus devices Jan 21, 2017 · Hot! Android One smartphones could be launching in the US Jan 18, 2017 LG debuts "Wish List" video that could hint at features for its next smartphone Jan 12, 2017 deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Complete White Hat Hacking & Penetration Testing Bundle $888.00 $19.00 98% off PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off Microsoft Universal Windows Platform Expert Bundle $3,300.00 $39.00 99% off Show Comments 1 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Photos Videos Topics Live SL 170/5 (19.5) - SA 169/5 (20) Live SL 54/2 (14) - SA (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Republic Day 2017 Kaabil Raees Donald Trump Bigg Boss 10 Home Money Asian stocks near record highs, dollar up on optimism, earnings (Getty Images) Shares3 Sat, 28 Jan 2017-08:18am , Reuters A key index of global equity markets held near a record high on Thursday, supported by mergers and acquisitions, strong corporate earnings and investor optimism spurred by US President Donald Trump's plans for new public spending. The dollar rebounded from a seven-week low as investor demand improved with higher global bond yields and stable stock markets. The return of risk appetite in the financial market boosted oil prices. MSCI's world index, which tracks shares in 46 countries, was little changed and just 2% off its record high hit in April 2015. The index found support from rallying stocks in Asia and Europe. On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average held well above the 20,000 level after breaching the milestone on Wednesday, buoyed by optimism over US President Donald Trump's pro-growth initiatives and solid earnings. The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite hit record levels immediately after the open, before easing off their highs to trade little changed on the day. "Today is about earnings and part of the Dow reaching the 20,000 milestone is because of strong earnings," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial in New York. Of the 104 S&P 500 companies that had reported results through Wednesday morning, nearly 70% beat expectations, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Tech giants Intel, Alphabet, Microsoft and coffee chain Starbucks are scheduled to report results after market close. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 46.78 points, or 0.23%, to 20,115.29, the S&P 500 gained 0.09 points, or 0.00%, to 2,298.46 and the Nasdaq Composite added 1.42 points, or 0.03%, to 5,657.76. European shares climbed to a one-year high supported by merger and acquisition-related optimism, with Johnson & Johnson's $30 billion deal to buy Actelion lifting shares in the Swiss biotech firm. The pan-European STOXX 600 index was up 0.17. The dollar gained against a basket of major currencies as the greenback played catch-up with the recent rally in stocks. "The impression ... is that the Trump reflation trade may be getting back on track," said Shaun Osborne, chief FX strategist, at Scotiabank in Toronto. The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of six other major currencies, was up 0.67% to 100.7. The firmer dollar pushed gold to a two-week low but expectations that the greenback's climb may be running out of steam helped limit losses. Spot gold was down 1.16% to $1,186.27 an ounce. Ahead of a $28-billion auction of seven-year notes, US Treasury debt yields turned higher with European yields and 10-year yields rose to a 4-week high. Benchmark 10-year notes were down 6/32 in price to yield 2.542%, up from 2.523% late on Wednesday. The recent strength in stock markets boosted oil prices although gains were capped by plentiful supplies and bulging inventories in spite of efforts by producers to cut output. Brent crude was up 2.4% at $56.4 a barrel, while US crude was up 2.2% at $53.91. TOP TOP < Fiat Chrysler boss: Donald Trump ideas positive if all implemented   Comments   Also Read Money Two ships collide near Ennore Port; no casualty Money What do jewellers expect from Budget 2017? GJF legal committee chairman weighs in Money Two UB Group firms settled dues right before Kingfisher Airlines sought fresh loan Money Clarity on GAAR to rekindle investor confidence: India Inc Money Demonetization a hoax; will not kill black money: Chidambaram Money Vijay Mallya had no intention of repaying loan: CBI Next Article > What the Mahatma has to offer to the Millennials < Previous ArticleNext Article > Fiat Chrysler boss: Donald Trump ideas positive if all implemented Live Cricket Score Live SL 170/5 (19.5) SL beat SA by 5 wickets SA 169/5 (20) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 54/2 (14) SA (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Next node What the Mahatma has to offer to the Millennials Related Asian shares rise as Dow tops 20,000 for first time Asian stocks at 3-month highs on US cues, dollar rebounds for now NIfty above 8,400, Sensex up over 100 points in early trade Video Balancing Act: Watch Vietnamese circus artist brothers smash an INSANE Guinness World Record ‘Backpack Challenge’ is the new teen craze taking over social media Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut View all Tags Asian Markets Donald Trump New York Johnson & Johnson Asia Intel London Starbucks Scotiabank Wall Street SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Cong to flog issue of Centre hurting U'khand's pride in run-up Top Islamist militant wounded in Philippines: minister 5 army personnel trapped under snow Cycle stands are also being developed from where people Fadnavis pays tributes to Maha soldiers killed in avalanches Sport Australian Open 2017: It's all about nostalgia India 'A' team announced for two-day practice game against Bangladesh .JohannesburgANI71 Cricket-One Day International South Africa v Sri Lanka line-ups Mukund to lead India A vs Bangladesh, fitness test for Jayant Entertainment Kamal Haasan's sweet birthday message for daughter Shruti Box Office: Hrithik Roshan's Kaabil earns Rs 38.87 crore in 3 days! Alia Bhatt and Varun Dhawan to promote 'Badrinath Ki Dulhaniya' on Koffee with Karan 5! Carrie Fisher, Debbie Reynolds' memorial date announced Box Office: Shah Rukh Khan's Raees collects similar to Dilwale after first 3 days Money Wheat, rice basmati strengthen on increased offtake Paraffin wax (1 kg) Iran Rs 65 Menthol declines on reduced offtake Palmolein oil weakens on muted demand Dryfruits: Weak conditions emerged at the wholesale Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content Search for: Search Kopitiam Bot News · Lifestyle · Tech · Singapore Home Current Affairs Technology Startups Money Matters Lifestyle Contact Us About Technology This is how Windows 10’s upcoming Game Mode works Date: 2017-01-28Author: kopitiambot (Source: www.hardwarezone.com.sg) This is how Windows 10’s upcoming Game Mode works Microsoft is ready to make gaming on Windows PCs great again. ‘Game Mode’, a feature first discovered in December last year and officially revealed in a non-working form in a Windows 10 preview build two weeks ago is about ready for testers to try. The major new addition in the test build of Windows 10 that’s coming later this week, Game Mode is, in short, a way to optimize your Windows 10 PC for increased performance in gaming. There are two ways to engage Game Mode: fire up a game and click the Game Mode option in the Game Bar (press Windows key + G); or have the mode run automatically if the game is in the “allowed list”. Microsoft has pre-set a list of games, but you’re able to manually add a game to it. Of course, you must be wondering if Game Mode works with Win32 games like those from Steam and Origin. I spoke to Kevin Gammill, partner group program manager for the Xbox platform, and the answer is an unequivocal yes: Game Mode works with both Win32 and UWP games. Before today, there’s also quite a bit of speculation on how Game Mode actually works behind the scenes to optimize gaming performance. For this first implementation, I was told the team has focused on ensuring a more consistent experience throughout gameplay – to minimize the “peaks and valleys” many gamers face (e.g., smooth framerates one moment, sluggish system the next), so to speak. To achieve this balanced experience, one of the things Game Play does is to avoid CPU thread contention where it’s possible. So you won’t run into a situation where a piece of software (say, a cloud backup service uploading files in the background) that uses 50% of the threads but yet saturate all available compute resources of the CPU core. Put another way: the game takes priority when it’s in the foreground and in focus. The same applies to GPU resources. That said, don’t expect Game Mode to be a magic bullet for your gaming woes: it’s not going to make your GeForce GTX 980 card perform at a GTX 1080 level. I was also told that the performance gain is likely to be higher in UWP games than Win32 ones, simply because a UWP package’s entry/exit points and other variables along the way are easier to determine. Moving forward, Microsoft is thinking of giving users more granular control so that they can dial the resource allocation knob more to their liking, but there’s no word when this will arrive. The company is also working with Intel, NVIDIA, and AMD to explore ways to make Game Mode more powerful. I asked if Game Mode support would become a requirement for making PC games, and was told that’s not the intention: Game Mode is a platform-independent and an OS-side feature designed to work with all games. Game Mode and other new gaming features such as built-in Beam live streaming and a Gaming section in System Settings will be part of the new feature set in the upcoming Windows 10 Creators Update for PC, which is currently on track for a public release this April. Select testers in the Xbox Insider Program will also be getting Beam streaming, new Cortana gaming enhancements, and Screen time parental controls in the next Creators Update build for the console. Source: Microsoft, Xbox Wire. More Info: www.hardwarezone.com.sg Share this: Facebook Twitter WhatsApp Telegram Email LinkedIn More Print Pocket Tumblr Google Like this: Like Loading... Related gameswindowswayworksgameupcomingxboxgamingmodewin32uwp Published by kopitiambot Kopitiam Bot is a blog started by a Singaporean & his robot. They are passionate about current affairs, technology, startups, money-matters, lifestyle, and a good cup of coffee. We named our site Kopitiam Bot because it is essentially a human-serving robot that serves you the latest summaries and trends — all while you "relak one corner" in the coffeeshop. View all posts by kopitiambot Post navigation Previous Previous post: Donald Trump puts US refugee programme on hold, suspends entry from some countries Next Next post: Comparing 25-34 year olds now to 25-34 year olds in 1989 is super depressing Search for: Search Blog Stats 675,728 hits Recent Posts Chinese New Year rent-a-boyfriend Facebook ‘ads’ pop up in Malaysia 2017-01-28 Crafters and makers in Singapore 2017-01-28 Intel X99 flagship motherboard shootout: When the sky’s the limit 2017-01-28 Elon Musk loves video games — these are his favorites 2017-01-28 Isetan $88 bags worth up to 5X the value one-day special on 29 Jan 2017 2017-01-28 Tougher to claim against private-hire cars: Lawyers 2017-01-28 Food Review, Travelogue, Beauty Review 2017-01-28 In these tough times, let’s celebrate the Year of the Rooster without crowing 2017-01-28 Fitness movement CrossFit powers ahead in Singapore 2017-01-28 6 Cool Courses to Take Using Your SkillsFuture Credit 2017-01-28 Usher in the Year of the Rooster with these specials from Apple 2017-01-28 Tennis: 7 facts and stats to know about the Williams sisters who reached Aussie Open final 2017-01-28 Here’s what the Chinese zodiac says about you 2017-01-28 Nobel Peace winner Malala ‘heartbroken’ by Trump order 2017-01-28 Fears rogue Philippine police on rampage 2017-01-28 Categories Current Affairs (14,262) Lifestyle (3,826) Money Matters (10,796) Startups (600) Technology (10,041) Tags app apple asia bank banking best billion business car card cent china chinese city companies company crime data day dont east economy finance food game games going good group iphone know life man market markets million money need online players president price public real report service singapore singapores south state states stocks street system team Technology things think times told trade transport trump united used users video wall watch way week work world worth york Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 1,383 other followers © 2017 Kopitiam Bot Powered by WordPress.com. Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Stocks close little changed but end the week with gains CNBC Fred Imbert 12 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Wyoming proposal would require utilities to use fossil fuels Border tax ideas send oil markets into a tizzy Stocks closed little changed Friday after an initial fourth-quarter GDP reading fell short of estimates but managed to record weekly gains of about 1 percent. The Dow slipped 7 points but ended above 20,000, with Chevron and Goldman Sachs contributing the most losses. Chevron shares declined after the firm reported disappointing quarterly results. The Energy Select Sector SPDR Fund ETF (XLE) fell 1 percent. Also weighing energy stocks were falling crude prices, with WTI dropping 1.13 percent to settle at $53.17 a barrel. The S&P 500 slipped 0.1 percent, with real estate and energy leading decliners, while the Nasdaq composite closed 0.1 percent higher. "The market probably got a bit ahead of itself with all these proposed changes from the new administration," said Sean O'Hara, president of Pacer ETF Distributors. "The results have to match the expectations." The three major large-cap indexes hit record highs earlier in the week. Economic growth in the U.S. slowed more than expected in the fourth quarter as a plunge in shipments of soybeans weighed on exports, but steady consumer spending and rising business investment suggested the economy would continue to expand. Gross domestic product increased at a 1.9 percent annual rate, the Commerce Department said on Friday in its first estimate of fourth-quarter GDP. That was a sharp deceleration from the 3.5 percent growth pace logged in the third quarter. "The year ends on a mediocre fashion but policy is about to change," Peter Boockvar, a chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group, said in a note. "Positively on the fiscal side and a drag on the monetary side (so we can consider Q4 data old news but it does set the stage and baseline for 2017)." Other economic data reported Friday included durable goods orders, which fell 0.4 percent in December, and consumer sentiment for January, which hit 98.5, above an estimate of 98.1. "The GDP confirms what we already knew. The U.S. economy is stuck in this growth range," said Michael Arone, chief investment strategist at State Street Global Advisors. The market "is looking forward to fiscal policy boosting this economy." Equities have rallied sharply since President Donald Trump's election victory on Nov. 8, as the prospects of higher fiscal spending, corporate tax cuts and deregulation grew. "Many of these proposals are market friendly. We don't dismiss that," said Stephen Wood, chief market strategist at Russell Investments. He added, however, the market has already priced in many of these measures becoming law, leaving the market vulnerable to a downside surprise. Trump, who was sworn in last week, has signed a series of executive orders on matters ranging from immigration to infrastructure spending. The president met with UK Prime Minister Theresa May. In a news conference following the meeting, May said Ukraine-related sanctions on Russia should remain, while Trump said it is too early to tell. Ahead of the meeting, Naeem Aslam, chief market analyst at Think Markets, said the meeting was "very important for both individuals because they are labeled as anti-free trade and driving the engine of populism and protectionism." The U.S. dollar traded about 0.2 percent higher against a basket of currencies, with the euro holding near $1.069 and the yen around 115.1. However, the greenback, one of the biggest winners since the election, has eased more than 1.5 percent this month, as investors look for more clarity on the new administration's policies. "The long dollar trade from the end of last year has been a bit of a wash [recently], said Peter Ng, senior FX trader at Silicon Valley Bank. A lot of people "are still on the sidelines." In corporate news, earnings season continued, with Colgate-Palmolive, American Airlines Group, AbbVie and General Dynamics all reporting before the bell. Tech giants Alphabet, Microsoft and Intel all reported after the close on Thursday. Overseas, European equities fell, with the pan-European Stoxx 600 index dropping 0.3 percent, as a global stocks rally paused. Stocks in Europe have lagged their U.S. counterparts over the past year. However, State Street's Arone said they may be ripe for a surprise to the upside this year. " Investors are wary of taking positions in Europe, but the underlying [data] is improving," he said. About nine stocks declined for every five advancers at the New York Stock Exchange, with an exchange volume of 493 million and a composite volume of 2.371 billion in afternoon trade. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 10.6. High-frequency trading accounted for 52 percent of January's daily trading volume of about 6.75 billion shares, according to TABB Group. During the peak levels of high-frequency trading in 2009, about 61 percent of 9.8 billion of average daily shares traded were executed by high-frequency traders. CNBC's Jacob Pramuk and Reuters contributed to this report. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 28 January 2017 | MYT 8:40 AM Wall St slips after soft GDP data, earnings NEW YORK: U.S. stocks edged lower for a second consecutive session on Friday as some underwhelming corporate earnings and gross domestic product data offset recent enthusiasm over policy actions by President Donald Trump. U.S. economic growth slowed more than expected in the fourth quarter, with GDP rising at a 1.9 percent annual rate, below the 2.2 percent rise expected by economists and the 3.5 percent growth pace logged in the third quarter. Chevron fell 2.4 percent to $113.79 after its quarterly profit fell short of analysts' expectations. The stock was the biggest drag on the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average indexes. The S&P energy index, down 0.9 percent, was the worst performing of the 11 major S&P sectors. Starbucks curbed gains on the Nasdaq. Its shares dropped 4.0 percent to $56.12 after the world's biggest coffee seller trimmed its full-year revenue forecast. "The market has rallied on expectations of good things to happen in the future but as we are getting the data that is factual of what is going on, it is not as good as people are hoping," said Andrew Slimmon, portfolio manager at Morgan Stanley Investment Management in Chicago. "Which tells you, this earnings recovery that is expected in 2017, a good chunk of it is already baked into the market." Even with some disappointing corporate results, fourth-quarter earnings are expected to show growth of 6.8 percent, which would mark the biggest increase in two years and second straight quarter of growth, according to Thomson Reuters data. The Dow remained above 20,000 for the third straight day, after breaching the milestone for the first time on Wednesday as the post-election rally reignited. For the week, the Dow rose 1.3 percent, the S&P 500 gained 1 percent and the Nasdaq advanced 1.9 percent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 7.13 points, or 0.04 percent, to 20,093.78, the S&P 500 lost 1.99 points, or 0.09 percent, to 2,294.69 and the Nasdaq Composite added 5.61 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,660.78. Microsoft rose 2.3 percent to $65.78, while Intel gained 1.1 percent to $37.98 after both reported quarterly results above Wall Street expectations. However, Google parent Alphabet lost 1.4 percent to $845.03 after it posted fourth-quarter profit below analysts' estimates. Colgate-Palmolive slumped 5.2 percent to $64.68 after the personal products maker's fourth-quarter revenue missed estimates. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.35-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.15-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 27 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 116 new highs and 26 new lows. About 5.81 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.56 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Corporate News , Markets You May Be Interested New ruling on plastic benefits SCGM Short Position Making money from money Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read Ponkan oranges choice of the season Microsoft profit up as demand for cloud service soars Factbox - Australian Open finalist Rafa Nadal Property Related advertisement Latest News Shell set to sell US$3b North Sea assets to Chrysaor Resurgent Tesco surprises with US$4.6b swoop for wholesaler Booker US economy slows on wider trade gap; business spending rises Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico In double whammy for Turkey, Fitch cuts to junk after S&P slashes outlook Most Viewed in Business Making money from money Joey Yap: Good time to invest as assets are cheap Giving banks a run for their money What Dow hitting 20,000 points means to Malaysia Unlocking value in MMC Shell set to sell US$3b North Sea assets to Chrysaor Azman’s journey with AMMB Resurgent Tesco surprises with US$4.6b swoop for wholesaler Booker How to make smart investment choice US economy slows on wider trade gap; business spending rises advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, January 28, 2017 5:00 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 30°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Saturday January 28, 2017 08:44 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Arsene Wenger slapped with four-game touchline ban The Edit: Head to Ferrari Land in Spain The Edit: Eddy Redmayne narrates audiobook The Edit: Nip-tuck business thrives Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as the Dow Jones Industrial Average passes the 20,000 mark shortly after the opening of the trading session in New York, US, January 28, 2017. — Reuters picNEW YORK, Jan 28 — US stocks edged lower for a second consecutive session today as some underwhelming corporate earnings and gross domestic product data offset recent enthusiasm over policy actions by President Donald Trump. US economic growth slowed more than expected in the fourth quarter, with GDP rising at a 1.9 per cent annual rate, below the 2.2 per cent rise expected by economists and the 3.5 per cent growth pace logged in the third quarter. Chevron fell 2.4 per cent to US$113.79 (RM504.20) after its quarterly profit fell short of analysts’ expectations. The stock was the biggest drag on the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average indexes. The S&P energy index, down 0.9 per cent, was the worst performing of the 11 major S&P sectors. Starbucks curbed gains on the Nasdaq. Its shares dropped 4.0 per cent to US$56.12 after the world’s biggest coffee seller trimmed its full-year revenue forecast. “The market has rallied on expectations of good things to happen in the future but as we are getting the data that is factual of what is going on, it is not as good as people are hoping,” said Andrew Slimmon, portfolio manager at Morgan Stanley Investment Management in Chicago. “Which tells you, this earnings recovery that is expected in 2017, a good chunk of it is already baked into the market.” Even with some disappointing corporate results, fourth-quarter earnings are expected to show growth of 6.8 per cent, which would mark the biggest increase in two years and second straight quarter of growth, according to Thomson Reuters data. The Dow remained above 20,000 for the third straight day, after breaching the milestone for the first time on Wednesday as the post-election rally reignited. For the week, the Dow rose 1.3 per cent, the S&P 500 gained 1 percent and the Nasdaq advanced 1.9 per cent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 7.13 points, or 0.04 percent, to 20,093.78, the S&P 500 lost 1.99 points, or 0.09 per cent, to 2,294.69 and the Nasdaq Composite added 5.61 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 5,660.78. Microsoft rose 2.3 per cent to $65.78, while Intel gained 1.1 percent to US$37.98 after both reported quarterly results above Wall Street expectations. However, Google parent Alphabet lost 1.4 per cent to US$845.03 after it posted fourth-quarter profit below analysts’ estimates. Colgate-Palmolive slumped 5.2 per cent to US$64.68 after the personal products maker’s fourth-quarter revenue missed estimates. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.35-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.15-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 27 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 116 new highs and 26 new lows. About 5.81 billion shares changed hands in US exchanges, compared with the 6.56 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Stocks slip on earnings, data; dollar advances Zeti: Sale of 1MDB’s assets to China firm has no impact on market Microsoft’s market value tops US$500b again after 17 years Ringgit ends lower against US dollar Trump pulls US out of Pacific trade deal, loosening Asia ties (VIDEO) US dollar slides near seven-week lows on fading Trump trade Saudi Aramco shelves plans for RAPID venture with Petronas, source says Ringgit to trade softer against US dollar next week At some Singapore suburban malls, retailers confront the sound of silence Most Watched Now Week See this new clip for ‘John Wick: Chapter 2’ Reuters Video: Alexa versus Siri Reuters Video: Arsenal's Wenger receives four match touchline ban Reuters Video: Mexicans build makeshift wall around US embassy in Trump protest Reuters Video: President Trump, Melania share 'first dance' Reuters Video: Marketing experts on how best to spend money, time, energy in 2017 Related Articles Stocks slip on earnings, data; dollar advances US economy posts slowest growth since 2011 Wall St ends flat after two-day run; Dow stays above 20,000 Wall Street edges higher as earnings gather pace US dollar slides near seven-week lows on fading Trump trade Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Lenovo unveils four new Chromebooks for education market 01/24/2017 at 11:25 AM by Brad Linder Leave a Comment Microsoft may be making the case that low-cost Windows laptops are a better choice for classroom use than Chromebooks. But PC makers seem to want to have it both ways: Acer unveiled new Chrome OS and Windows laptops for education this month. And Lenovo is offering Chrome and Windows versions of notebooks with identical hardware. In fact, several of the Lenovo laptops Microsoft highlighted in its announcement will be available with a choice of Windows or Chrome OS… and the Chromebook models will invariably be cheaper. Lenovo Chromebook N23 Here’s an overview of four of Lenovo’s upcoming Chromebooks: ThinkPad 11 e Chromebook coming in May for $369 and up ThinkPad 11e Yoga Chromebook coming in May for $449 and up Lenovo N23 Chromebook coming in February for $199 and up Lenovo N23 Yoga Chromebook coming in May for $279 and up Windows versions of the ThinkPad 11e and 11e Yoga will sell for $519 and up and $599 and up, respectively… although they’ll also be available sooner, with an expected release date sometime in February. Lenovo also has a new Windows-powered Lenovo N24 laptop on the way, but pricing for that model hasn’t been announced yet. It’s coming later in the year. Lenovo ThinkPad 11e Detailed specs for the new Chromebooks aren’t available at the moment, but Lenovo says the new ThinkPad models are MIL-Spec tested, feature water-resistant keyboards, “the latest generation Intel processors” and 10 hours of battery life. The Lenovo N23 series laptops are cheaper models with ARM-based processors, but Lenovo says they also have 10 hour batteries, water-resistant keyboards and reinforced hinges and ports. Lenovo N23 Chromebook Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Latest News Windows 10 gets new gaming features with Insider Preview Build 15019 The latest preview of Windows 10 for members of the Windows Insider Preview … [Read More...] Reports: Samsung Galaxy S8 launching March 29th, featuring brand new design Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 smartphone may have been a bit of a disaster, but the … [Read More...] In a perfect world Satechi’s new USB Type-C Power Meter wouldn’t be necessary… ... but we don't live in a perfect world. Over the past few years we've seen … [Read More...] Deals Deals of the Day (1-27-2017) Lenovo's IdeaPad 710S is a compact 13 inch notebook that typically sells for … [Read More...] Featured articles Intel Compute Card is a tiny PC for a modular world Intel envisions a world where you'll be able to buy a smart TV, smart … [Read More...] The Loving Project: a podcast celebrating 50th anniversary of Loving v Virginia In 1967 the Supreme Court struck down state laws banning interracial marriage. … [Read More...] Playing with Fire: Hacking Amazon’s $50 Fire tablet The Amazon Fire Tablet may not be one the best tablets money can buy, but more … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Social Media Donald Trump Mark Zuckerberg 'concerned' about President Trump's orders on immigration and 'extreme vetting' 'Had we turned away refugees a few decades ago, Priscilla's family wouldn't be here today,' Zuckerberg wrote. By Hyacinth Mascarenhas January 28, 2017 07:02 GMT Close Trump orders 'extreme' vetting measures for refugees and bans Syrians IBTimesUK/Wochit Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg criticised President Donald Trump's executive orders this week on immigration and refugees. In a lengthy, carefully worded Facebook post on Friday (27 January), Zuckerberg wrote that he is "concerned about the impact of the recent orders" signed by the president, saying the US is a "nation of immigrants and we should be proud of that". "We need to keep this country safe, but we should do that by focusing on people who actually post a threat," Zuckerberg wrote. "Expanding the focus of law enforcement beyond people who are real threats would make all Americans less safe by diverting resources, while millions of undocumented folks who don't pose a threat will live in fear of deportation." Zuckerberg posted the message shortly after Trump signed an executive order to establish "new vetting measures" and keep "radical Islamic terrorists" out of the US. The order temporarily suspends the entire US refugee programme, specifically blocks people fleeing the conflict in Syria from entering the US and suspends immigration from several predominantly Muslim countries including Syria, Iraq, Iran, Sudan, Somalia, Libya and Yemen for 90 days. "We don't want them here," Trump said of Islamic terrorists during the signing ceremony. "We want to make sure we are not admitting into our country the very threats our soldiers are fighting overseas. We only want to admit those into our country who will support our country and love deeply our people." Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg has criticised President Donald Trump's recent executive orders on immigration, refugees and 'extreme vetting'Reuters/Jonathan Ernst During his first week in office, he also signed orders to construct a wall on the US-Mexico border and cutting federal funding to "sanctuary" cities that do not enforce immigration laws. Zuckerberg wrote that his great grandparents came from Germany, Austria and Poland while his wife Priscilla Chan's parents were refugees from China and Vietnam. He called for the US to keep its doors open to refugees and people who need help. "That's who we are," Zuckerberg said. "Had we turned away refugees a few decades ago, Priscilla's family wouldn't be here today." However, he also praised Trump's promise to "work something out" for Dreamers — undocumented immigrants who arrived in the US as children. "Right now, 750,000 Dreamers benefit from the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program that allows them to live and work legally in the US," Zuckerberg wrote. "I hope the President and his team keep these protections in place, and over the next few weeks I'll be working with our team at FWD.us to find ways we can help." He also said he was "glad the President believes our country should continue to benefit from people of great talent coming into the country". On Thursday, Facebook COO and Lean In author Sheryl Sandberg also broke her silence to hit back at Trump's reinstatement of a Reagan-era anti-abortion policy. Zuckerberg's and Sandberg's statements also come amid criticism against tech executives for not speaking out and vocalising their previously stated concerns against Trump's policies that they raised during the race to the White House. Over the course of the election campaign, many tech leaders voiced their serious concerns and sharp criticism over Trump's presidency and backed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. In December, multiple high-profile executives from Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, Google, Amazon, Intel and Oracle met with the president-elect at Trump Tower. Tesla's Elon Musk and Uber's Travis Kalanick also joined Trump's Strategic and Policy Forum to offer their advice, views and knowledge on his economic growth, job creation and productivity policies. Meanwhile, Zuckerberg recently shot down speculation that he may make a 2020 bid for the White House himself, saying he was focusing on the Facebook community and the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative. "We are a nation of immigrants, and we all benefit when the best and brightest from around the world can live, work and contribute here," Zuckerberg wrote. "I hope we find the courage and compassion to bring people together and make this world a better place for everyone." More from IBTimes UK: Trump outlines immigration and border wall plans: 'We are going to get the bad ones out' Donald Trump signs extreme vetting order banning Syrian refugees Track Trump to compare the president's campaign promises to his policy changes in the first 100 days Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Hacking your money: Cloning credit cards, stealing bitcoin and spoofing Verified by Visa Columnists Julie Lenarz “Theresa May would be foolish to get too close to Donald Trump READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Video game news round-up: Resident Evil 7, Overwatch Chinese New Year event and Marvel's Avengers Your weekly round-up of the biggest gaming stories of the past seven... Android Wear 2.0 Google watch photo leak shows round dial wearables with LG seal The watches are being dubbed as LG Watch Style and LG Watch Sport. UK video game deals: Resident Evil 7 PS4 bundle, Nintendo Switch titles, Pokemon & more Your round-up of the week's best gaming deals and discounts. Leaked White House documents allegedly reveal Trump set to order 60-day cybersecurity review The Trump administration is reportedly seeking to review America's... Mark Zuckerberg 'concerned' about President Trump's orders on immigration and 'extreme vetting' 'Had we turned away refugees a few decades ago, Priscilla's family... Data Privacy Day: What is it and why we need to be more aware Data protection needs priority in our lives right now. Twitter reveals FBI national security requests that may have infringed on legal guidelines Twitter's disclosures mark the first time the firm was permitted to... Thousands of credit card details exposed as US marketing firm leaks 400,000 audio calls MacKeeper researchers said they downloaded a 28GB-sized copy of the... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
