Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Help Make A Great 2017: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Intel Cannonlake Patches Posted For Mesa Written by Michael Larabel in Intel on 15 April 2017 at 12:01 AM EDT. Add A Comment Last week we reported on Intel Cannonlake patches for their DRM kernel driver while published today were patches for bringing up the next-generation Intel graphics within Mesa. Hitting the Mesa mailing list on Friday were patches for enabling Intel Cannonlake "Gen 10" graphics within Mesa. Bringing up this new generation of Intel support within the Intel OpenGL Mesa driver was just over 3,700 lines of new code. But this support isn't yet finalized and is still relying upon many "Gen 9" code-paths. More details via this patch series. Cannonlake hardware is expected to begin appearing by the end of 2017. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Intel News Intel Ivy Bridge Gets OpenGL 4.2 On Mesa 17.1 Intel's Beignet Lands LLVM 4.0 Backend Support Clear Linux Switches From ACPI CPUFreq To P-State Intel Linux Developers Begin Bringup Of Cannonlake & Cannonpoint PCH Intel Mesa Driver / libdrm_intel Going Through Rework Intel GVT-g Updates Slated For Linux 4.12 Popular News NVIDIA's "Open-Source Guy" Has Left The Company Mark Shuttleworth Makes More Comments On Ubuntu GNOME, Mir, Convergence Google Kahlee: The First AMD-Powered Chromebook Former Compiz Developer: Free Software Desktop Might Enter A Dark Age Qt 5.10 Release Planned For The End Of November, No Qt 5.8.1 Planned Mark Shuttleworth Reportedly Returning To Role As Canonical CEO Latest Linux News Intel Cannonlake Patches Posted For Mesa Intel Ivy Bridge Gets OpenGL 4.2 On Mesa 17.1 Lumina Desktop Environment 1.3 Preparing For Release Freedreno Gets Last Minute Performance Boost For Mesa 17.1 Looking Ahead To The Polaris RX 550/560/570/580 On Linux Wine's Direct3D CSMT Support Isn't Yet Complete LLVM Is On The Path To Getting Faster Today Is The Last Day Of Feature Development For Mesa 17.1 Wine 2.6 Delivers Direct3D Multi-Threaded Command Stream HHVM 3.19 Brings CLI Server Mode, Retranslate-All, Performance Boosts Latest Featured Articles Ubuntu 17.04 Gaming Performance: Budgie vs. GNOME vs. KDE Plasma vs. MATE vs. Unity vs. Xfce Ubuntu 16.10 vs. 17.04 Radeon Graphics Performance AMDGPU-PRO 17.10 vs. Mesa 17.1 RADV/RadeonSI Performance Unigine Superposition Is A Beautiful Way To Stress Your GPU In 2017, 17-Way Graphics Card Comparison Benchmarks Of Solus vs. Other Linux Distributions & BSDs Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Help Make A Great 2017: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Intel Ivy Bridge Gets OpenGL 4.2 On Mesa 17.1 Written by Michael Larabel in Intel on 14 April 2017 at 09:45 PM EDT. 1 Comment For those still using Intel "Ivy Bridge" class processors with integrated graphics, Mesa 17.1 will take the hardware from OpenGL 3.3 to OpenGL 4.2. Mesa 17.1 is being branched tonight and the code merged just in time allow OpenGL 4.2 support for Intel "Gen 7" graphics and newer where as previously the support was limited to Haswell and newer. This support comes thanks to the work by Igalia on ARB_shader_precision, ARB_vertex_attrib_64bit, and ARB_gpu_shader_fp64. Great to see this milestone accomplished for Intel Ivy Bridge, albeit don't expect to play too many GL4 Linux games with Ivy Bridge era graphics. Mesa 17.1 will be officially released in early to mid May. 1 Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Intel News Intel Cannonlake Patches Posted For Mesa Intel's Beignet Lands LLVM 4.0 Backend Support Clear Linux Switches From ACPI CPUFreq To P-State Intel Linux Developers Begin Bringup Of Cannonlake & Cannonpoint PCH Intel Mesa Driver / libdrm_intel Going Through Rework Intel GVT-g Updates Slated For Linux 4.12 Popular News NVIDIA's "Open-Source Guy" Has Left The Company Mark Shuttleworth Makes More Comments On Ubuntu GNOME, Mir, Convergence Google Kahlee: The First AMD-Powered Chromebook Former Compiz Developer: Free Software Desktop Might Enter A Dark Age Qt 5.10 Release Planned For The End Of November, No Qt 5.8.1 Planned Mark Shuttleworth Reportedly Returning To Role As Canonical CEO Latest Linux News Intel Cannonlake Patches Posted For Mesa Intel Ivy Bridge Gets OpenGL 4.2 On Mesa 17.1 Lumina Desktop Environment 1.3 Preparing For Release Freedreno Gets Last Minute Performance Boost For Mesa 17.1 Looking Ahead To The Polaris RX 550/560/570/580 On Linux Wine's Direct3D CSMT Support Isn't Yet Complete LLVM Is On The Path To Getting Faster Today Is The Last Day Of Feature Development For Mesa 17.1 Wine 2.6 Delivers Direct3D Multi-Threaded Command Stream HHVM 3.19 Brings CLI Server Mode, Retranslate-All, Performance Boosts Latest Featured Articles Ubuntu 17.04 Gaming Performance: Budgie vs. GNOME vs. KDE Plasma vs. MATE vs. Unity vs. Xfce Ubuntu 16.10 vs. 17.04 Radeon Graphics Performance AMDGPU-PRO 17.10 vs. Mesa 17.1 RADV/RadeonSI Performance Unigine Superposition Is A Beautiful Way To Stress Your GPU In 2017, 17-Way Graphics Card Comparison Benchmarks Of Solus vs. Other Linux Distributions & BSDs Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 Stocks We Like More Than NVIDIA These three tech giants are solid alternatives to the graphics chip king. Timothy Green, Dan Caplinger, and Daniel Miller (TMFBargainBin) Apr 14, 2017 at 7:04PM Shares of graphics chip company NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) soared 220% last year, driven by explosive growth in its core gaming business coupled with even more impressive growth in its enterprise and automotive segments. NVIDIA is at the center of multiple trends, including virtual reality, machine learning, and self-driving cars, and investors have not been shy about awarding the stock a nosebleed valuation. For those not willing to pay more than 8 times sales for NVIDIA but who still want to invest in emerging technology like self-driving cars, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) are three good options. A newcomer to driverless car technology Daniel Miller (Intel Corporation): To be fair, it's pretty difficult to find many stocks better than NVIDIA. However, Intel Corporation is cheaper and less volatile than NVIDIA, and offers investors a strong angle in the future of driverless cars, with a dividend yield of 3%. Again, to be fair, Intel might not have made this list if it wasn't for the recent acquisition of my favorite driverless car stock, Mobileye, the global leader in computer vision for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS). Intel estimates automated driving systems, data, and services could be a $70 billion addressable market as soon as 2030, and the acquisition will be immediately accretive to adjusted earnings and free cash flow. Image source: Intel. Mobileye already boasts major partnerships with 25 automakers, including some of the world's largest such as General Motors, Honda, Ford, Nissan, and many high-end luxury brands. Mobileye's EyeQ chips were installed in roughly 16 million vehicles at the end of 2016, and its EyeQ4 and EyeQ5 chips for level 3 and 4 autonomous driving vehicles will go into production in 2018 and 2020. With Intel's acquisition of Mobileye, the combined company will be a leading end-to-end autonomous driving technology provider with a world-class supply chain. Intel still faces headwinds with the PC industry in decline, but its move to acquire Mobileye and jump into the future of driverless vehicles is promising. It's also trading at a cheap valuation of roughly 17 times earnings, and it will pay you a 3% dividend yield while management tries to revive its growth story.  Lawsuits and self-driving cars Tim Green (Qualcomm): With NVIDIA trading at an optimistic valuation, a better bet could be Qualcomm. Qualcomm makes most of its profit from licensing key technology and intellectual property, but its $47 billion acquisition of NXP Semiconductors, expected to close before the end of the year, will make it the leading supplier of semiconductor products to the automotive industry. This will put Qualcomm in direct competition with NVIDIA in the driver assistance and autonomous vehicle markets. The deal closing is not a sure thing, and Qualcomm is also facing some serious headwinds that could derail the stock. The company was sued by Apple earlier this year, with the iPhone maker accusing it of charging unfair royalties and withholding payments. That news came just days after the Federal Trade Commission charged Qualcomm with anti-competitive sales and licensing tactics. With the majority of Qualcomm's pre-tax profit derived from licensing, any threat to the licensing business could be big trouble for the company. It's impossible to tell how these lawsuits will play out, but investors have pushed down the stock in reaction. Shares of Qualcomm are down 13% so far this year, creating an opportunity for those who believe the company will emerge from these challenges unscathed. With the stock trading for just 12 times the average analyst estimate for fiscal 2017 adjusted earnings, a favorable outcome for Qualcomm, or the successful closing of the NXP deal, could send the stock soaring. Stop searching for a great tech stock Dan Caplinger (Alphabet): Technology stocks come in and out of vogue, and NVIDIA has been one of the darlings of the tech world for more than a year now. By contrast, Alphabet has languished, posting only minimal gains in 2016 and underperforming the Nasdaq Composite so far this year as well. Yet over the long run, Alphabet has a number of growth drivers that should help push the stock higher. The key search engine market continues to be a cash cow for the company, with Google having huge penetration rates both on mobile and on desktop devices. In addition, YouTube has retained its dominance in the video realm, and efforts like the Gmail service, the Chrome internet browser, and the Android operating system for mobile devices have been extremely popular as well. Some investors worry that non-core projects like self-driving cars might end up siphoning profits from the more successful businesses. Yet those moonshots also carry some potential for outsized gains if they pan out well. With NVIDIA having already generated impressive returns, its remaining upside is less clear than it was this time last year. Alphabet has room to move higher if it can keep delivering with its core business. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Dan Caplinger owns shares of Apple. Daniel Miller has no position in any stocks mentioned. Timothy Green owns shares of NXP Semiconductors. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A and C shares), Apple, Nvidia, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel and NXP Semiconductors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Timothy Green, Dan Caplinger, and Daniel Miller (TMFBargainBin) Tim writes about technology and consumer goods stocks for The Motley Fool. He's a value investor at heart, doing his best to avoid hyped-up nonsense. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @TMFBargainBin Article Info Apr 14, 2017 at 7:04PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $52.79 down $0.60 (-1.12%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $840.18 down $-1.28 (-0.15%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.25 down $0.38 (-1.07%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $95.49 down $-1.82 (-1.87%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $823.69 down $0.63 (-0.08%) Read More Why Long-Term Investors Should Prefer NVIDIA Over Intel NVIDIA Corporation Unveils a New Titan The 3 Best Machine Learning Stocks to Buy in 2017 The World's First Autonomous Race Car Is About More Than Fun Apple Ditching Imagination Technologies Should Scare NVIDIA and AMD Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Stocks We Like More Than NVIDIA @themotleyfool #stocks $QCOM, $GOOGL, $INTC, $NVDA, $GOOG
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox PM Super Micro May Top HP Enterprise Data points suggest Super Micro is better positioned as an enterprise-hardware vendor. April 14, 2017 3:35 p.m. ET Maxim Group Data points suggest Super Micro Computer is much better positioned as an enterprise-hardware vendor than transforming Hewlett Packard Enterprise. Super Micro (ticker: SMCI) data point #1: Checks indicate Super Micro is doing very well within the service-provider vertical. We recently spoke with one of the big three server original equipment manufacturer (OEM) representatives (Dell Technologies (DVMT), HPE (HPE),... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Good News and Bad News for Netflix Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Why Tesla’s Cars Cost 50% More in China Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Alibaba Has a $20 Billion Cloud Opportunity Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Bill Gross: Stocks Rest on Faulty Foundation Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. 5 Companies to Watch This Earnings Season Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Biotech's Push for Affordable Drugs 2 GrubHub Adds Big-Chain Restaurants 3 Monster Turns to China Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 April 2017 by Military News Intel Announces Two New Film Collaborations at VRLA Printer-friendly version Personal computing is radically evolving to become capable of experiences hardly believable today, and virtual reality’s (VR) highly sensory and immersive nature is central to that evolution. The opportunities for VR content creation are ripe for innovation. As part of Intel’s commitment to bring VR mainstream through areas such as entertainment, the company has a strong presence at VRLA, taking place today and Saturday at the Los Angeles Convention Center. Intel’s general manager for virtual reality and gaming, Frank Soqui, gave a keynote speech this morning that reinforced Intel’s commitment to the creator community – from powering best-in-class PC VR experiences today to the company’s vision for the future with merged reality. Soqui also unveiled two new content collaborations. The company will power filmmaker Eliza McNitt’s first episode of her new project, “Pale Blue Dot,” a virtual exploration of the universe inspired by the iconic image in the film’s name. The VR experience brings to life immersive worlds at the fringes of our solar system while also showing the fragility of our own planet. Audiences have the opportunity to find themselves lost together floating through the cosmos. The film comes after the success of McNitt’s “Fistful of Stars,” a VR film that debuted at SXSW and also was powered by Intel. Additionally, Intel has partnered with Winslow Porter and Mileca Zec to enhance their film “Tree,” immersing audiences in a majestic rainforest where viewers’ arms become the branches and their bodies become the trunks. The highly immersive experience captures the growth (from seeding to tree) at its fullest form, resulting in the unique opportunity to witness firsthand the fate of the rainforest. To date, “Tree” has received official selection at Sundance Film Festival New Frontier and Tribeca Film Festival Immersive 2017, where it will make its premiere. MORE ON VIRTUAL REALITY: Press Kit: Virtual Reality Intel iQ: Virtual Reality Story Series Intel.com: Making Virtual a Reality In partnership with CyberPowerPC, 26 VR systems powered by 7th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 processors will be on hand for the learning workshop series at VRLA School. This includes powering the first VR projects made by members of Big Brothers Big Sisters and Girls Who Code. In addition to the hands-on workshops, the Intel booth is hosting chalk talk sessions that explore the intersection of entertainment and technology. Powerful VR and merged reality experiences dreamed up by creators demand massive computing power, new sensing and capturing technologies in both the PC and the cloud, and huge amounts of data flow. Thanks to Intel’s rich experience, robust portfolio of technological capabilities and longstanding relationships with developers, content creators and industry leaders around the globe, the company has the assets and influence to bring about the promise and possibility of VR and merged reality through exciting new products, market segments and experiences. At VRLA on Friday, April 14, 2017, Intel announcs its partnership with Winslow Porter and Mileca Zec to enhance their film „Tree,” immersing audiences in a majestic rain forest where a viewer’s arms become the branches and body becomes a trunk. (Credit: Winslow Porter/Mileca Zec via Intel Corporation) At VRLA on Friday, April 14, 2017, Intel unveils two new content collaborations. The company will power filmmaker Eliza McNitts first episode of her new project, „Pale Blue Dot,” a virtual exploration of the universe inspired by the iconic image of the films name. (Credit: Eliza McNitt via Intel Corporation) Intel partners with Winslow Porter and Mileca Zec to enhance their film „Tree.” Announced at VRLA on Friday, April 14, 2017, the highly immersive experience captures the growth (from seeding to tree) at its fullest form, resulting in the unique opportunity to witness the fate of the rain forest firsthand. (Credit: Winslow Porter/Mileca Zec via Intel Corporation) Other News April 10, 2017 Intel Technology to Redefine Cricket Fan and Player Experiences for the Upcoming ICC Champions Trophy 2017 April 6, 2017 Intel Collaborating with Preferred Networks in Japan on Deep Learning April 5, 2017 Intel Movidius Helps Bring Artificial Intelligence to Video Surveillance Cameras About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. Intel and the Intel logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. Copy this html code to your website/blog to embed this press release. <br />
<a href=”http://www.pressreleasepoint.com/intel-announces-two-new-film-collaborations-vrla” class=”active”>Intel Announces Two New Film Collaborations at VRLA</a><br />
 CategoriesUncategorized TagsAlliance, artificial intelligence, Big Brothers Big Sisters, Business Finance, content creators, Digital Media, Educational technology, Eliza McNitt, Eliza McNitts, Entertainment, Frank Soqui, i7 processors, ICC Champions Trophy 2017, Immersion, Intel, Intel Corporation, Intel Technology, International Criminal Court, Japan, massive computing power, New media, Pale Blue Dot, Personal computing, Preferred Networks, Santa Clara, Sundance Film Festival, Technology, training, Tree, Tribeca Film Festival, virtual reality, VRLA School, Winslow Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mobile FrontHaul Industry Analysis and Global Major Key Players Research Report 2022 Next PostNext How X-rays Pushed Topological Matter Research Over the Top Search Recent Posts Mister Mover Become a Best Budget Removalists in Melbourne Dear Evan Hansen Tickets at Music Box Theatre Available at Discounted Prices from TicketDown.com Hamilton Tickets in Chicago at PrivateBank Theatre Available at Discounted Prices from TicketDown.com No credibility to the online claim of a compromise of EastNets customer information on its SWIFT service bureau How X-rays Pushed Topological Matter Research Over the Top Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories Editorial Cartoons April 9-15 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Intel trims jobs, but workforce near peak Company plans restructuring to pursue, invest in new markets By Mike Rogoway, The Oregonian Published: April 14, 2017, 4:59 PM A   A Intel is cutting jobs in its finance organization and sales and marketing group as the chipmaker continues pressuring its divisions to reduce operating costs. The company is still hiring, though, and said Thursday that its Oregon workforce now totals 19,300 — just 200 off its peak before major cutbacks began 12 months ago. Intel declined comment on the most recent job cuts, but sources inside the company said they could number in the dozens or perhaps more than 100 at a business that employs 106,000 around the globe. That makes them an order of magnitude smaller than job cuts in 2015 and 2016. Last year alone, Intel eliminated 15,000 jobs across the company to prepare for long-term decline in its core PC business. In its finance group, Intel is consolidating work across many sites into “shared service centers” in Costa Rica and Malaysia. Sources familiar with Intel’s plans said few if any people will lose their jobs, and that Intel slowed hiring of junior employees last year in preparation for the shift. Employees in Intel’s sales and marketing group learned last week that the organization will lay off workers to comply with “corporate spending targets,” according to memo from Greg Pearson, the Intel vice president who manages the group. The memo sent to employees earlier this month outlined other spending cuts, including restructuring a portion of the organization, but did not specify how many people will lose their jobs. Sales and marketing represents less than 2 percent of Intel’s total workforce, according to 2015 employment data reviewed by The Oregonian/OregonLive. And there is no indication this month’s cuts are especially large. When Intel began its broad restructuring last year, the company said it needed to cut back in some areas to free up resources to invest in new opportunities. Those include memory chips, self-driving cars and a new class of connected devices and appliances known as the Internet of Things. As Intel pursues those new markets, its sales have been buoyed by growing demand for microprocessors to run the large data centers that power the internet and store vast amounts of corporate data. Revenue grew by more than 7 percent in 2016, to an all-time high of $59.4 billion. Though Intel’s headquarters are in California, the company’s largest and most advanced operations are in Hillsboro, Ore. Intel laid off 784 Oregon employees during last year’s cutbacks and offered buyouts or early retirement packages to thousands of additional employees in Washington County. The company remains the state’s largest private employer, though, apparently because Intel has hired for new local positions. In other places, the cutbacks have had a profound effect. Several small sites closed altogether, and Intel disclosed this week that it has reduced employment at its aging factories near Albuquerque, N.M., by 37 percent in the past year. According to the Albuquerque Journal, Intel now has 1,200 employees working there — down from 1,900 at the end of 2015. The New Mexico site employed 3,300 as recently as 2013, according to the Journal. But Intel has skipped three generations of manufacturing upgrades in New Mexico, putting the factory there in danger of obsolescence. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Tech Search Search streaming videoAMC, Viacom, and Discovery Consider a $20 Bet on Sports-Free Streaming TV WalmartWalmart Is Considering Buying This Online Fashion Retailer FacebookFacebook Moves to Take Down a Spammer Ring UberSao Paulo Judge: Uber Drivers Are Employees, Deserve Benefits PointCloud Intel Pulls Out of OpenStack Effort It Founded with Rackspace Barb Darrow Apr 14, 2017 Intel has cut funding for an effort it launched two years ago with Rackspace to encourage the use of OpenStack software technology by big business customers that want more flexible and cheaper data center infrastructure. The two companies announced the joint effort, called the OpenStack Innovation Center, in July 2015. A source close to the effort said initial funding was supposed to last through 2018, but Intel pulled it early. Intel and Rackspace disclosed the decision internally on Tuesday, the source said. An Intel (intc) spokesman confirmed that it has "decided to conclude its participation" in the project, but that it and Rackspace are proud of the accomplishments the teams have made. Fortune contacted Rackspace for comment and will update this story as needed. Intel and Rackspace, he added, will continue to contribute to and work with the OpenStack developer community. OpenStack is an open source set of software tools that companies can use to build their own cloud infrastructure. When it launched seven years ago, OpenStack was pitched as an alternative to VMware (vmw) software running in corporate data centers and Amazon (amzn) Web Services, which offers shared public cloud infrastructure that many companies use. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s daily technology newsletter. A source close to Rackspace, who requested anonymity because he is not authorized to speak about the matter publicly, said some 30 Rackspace employees who had been working at the innovation center have been given two weeks to find new jobs at the San Antonio-based company. This is bad news for OpenStack, which has seen other vendors cut support in recent years. Hewlett-Packard Enterprise (hpe) and Cisco (csco) both pulled back on their OpenStack projects and laid off OpenStack-related staff over the last six months. Mirantis has also eliminated staff focused on OpenStack during that period. This latest news comes a month before the annual OpenStack Summit tech conference is to take place in Boston. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Better Buy: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. vs. Intel These two semiconductor stocks are setting themselves up for a bright future. Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Apr 14, 2017 at 1:23PM Both Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) and Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD) have had their own successes in the semiconductor space. Intel was a dominant force in the PC era, still commands a huge lead in the server space, and is positioning itself for more growth in new markets. Meanwhile, AMD has built out strong graphics processing unit (GPU) offerings and semi-custom chips for gaming consoles. When investors are trying to see which semiconductor stock is the better buy, it can be difficult to choose. So to help you get a better understanding of which company might be the better long-term play, let's take a look at where each company might be headed: The case for Intel Intel has long been a dominant force in the processor space and some of its recent moves should help ensure that it's able to transition to new and lucrative opportunities.  One such opportunity is the growing cloud computing space, which is currently seeing an explosion in spending. Companies are expected to shift $1 billion in IT spending to the cloud between 2015 and 2020, according to Gartner. That's great news for Intel, which should benefit from this shift as it already commands about 98% of the data center market share right now. Estimates by Morningstar peg Intel's growth from its data center business at 9% compound annual growth rate (CAGR) through 2021, based on cloud computing opportunities.  But it's not just the company's data center growth that investors should be watching. Intel is also looking to semi-autonomous cars as a new area for growth. The company is in the process of buying the advanced driver assistance system (ADAS) company, Mobileye (NYSE:MBLY) for $15 billion, which could help increase sales of its processors into driverless cars in the near future.  Mobileye is a leader in the ADAS space, with about 70% market share, and snatching up the company will not only expose Intel to the $77 billion driverless car market but also give the company the opportunity to sell more chips to carmakers that use ADAS systems.  This strategy is part of a broader push by Intel to expand its Internet of Things opportunities. Already, the company's IoT business is its fastest-growing segment -- jumping 15% year over year in 2016 -- and now accounts for more than 4% of its total revenues.  Intel isn't looking to Mobileye's revenues (which were just $358 million last year)  but rather to how it will help the company be better positioned for the coming driverless car market.  "We are looking beyond just the revenue it's going to grow into. If you look at where autonomous vehicles are going, you have to make a deal in order to be there in 2021 when models hit the road," Intel's CEO, Brian Krzanich, told Bloomberg last month. The case for Advanced Micro Devices AMD plays second fiddle to its key competitor, NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA), in the graphics process unit (GPU) market. Right now, the company holds about 29.5% of the discrete desktop GPU market share (up from 21.6% last year), with NVIDIA taking up the rest.  But AMD isn't content with its current position. The company will release its new Vega GPU architecture later this year, which is expected to take NVIDIA's high-end GPUs head-on. Despite AMD's second-place position, it managed to bring in its GPU sales to their highest level in 11 quarters in its most recent quarter ending in Q4 2016. In addition to GPU sales for computers, AMD also sells semi-custom chips for Sony and Microsoft's video game consoles, and Microsoft is planning to release its new Project Scorpio device during the holidays later this year. Morningstar analyst Abhinav Davuluri believes that this new device, as well as ongoing sales to Sony, should bring low double-digit growth for AMD's semi-custom business through 2021.  The verdict  Both companies are doing a great job of positioning themselves for future growth, making this "better buy" a tough decision. Ultimately, Intel's enormous lead in the server space gives it the slight edge in this face-off, as it should become a huge advantage in cloud computing. AMD's stock price, of course, has been on a tear over the past 12 months -- skyrocketing 367% -- but the company is now trading at a forward P/E of about 42, compared to Intel's much lower 12. Thus, it appears investors may have already priced in AMD's future opportunities while leaving Intel looking like the cheaper buy.  Chris Neiger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Chris has covered Tech and Telecom companies for The Motley Fool since 2012. Follow him on Twitter for the latest tech stock coverage. Follow @tmfnewsie Article Info Apr 14, 2017 at 1:23PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.25 down $0.38 (-1.07%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $95.49 down $-1.82 (-1.87%) Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $12.34 down $0.42 (-3.29%) Mobileye NYSE:MBLY $61.84 up $0.08 (0.13%) Read More 3 Beaten-Up Internet of Things Stocks: Are They Bargains? 1 Way Intel Corporation Wants to Improve R&D Efficiency Why Long-Term Investors Should Prefer NVIDIA Over Intel Inside Intel Corporation's Foundry Ambitions Here's How Intel Corporation Could Refresh Server Chips in 2018 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Better Buy: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. vs. Intel @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC, $NVDA, $AMD, $MBLY
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Automated vehicle startup Peloton raises $60 million to improve the efficiency of truck convoys Paul Sawers, VentureBeat Apr. 14, 2017, 10:04 AM 1,148 facebook linkedin twitter email print Youtube/Peloton Tech Peloton Technology (“Peloton”), a connected and automated vehicle startup that’s setting out to improve the safety and efficiency of freight transportation, has closed a $60 million Series B funding round led by fleet management giant Omnitracs, which spun out of Qualcomm a few years back. The round included participation from a handful of notable names, including Intel Capital, Nokia Growth Partners, Volvo Group, BP Ventures, Lockheed Martin, and UPS Strategic Enterprise Fund. Founded out of Mountain View, California in 2011, Peloton’s platooning platform is designed to help fleets of trucks address what it says are three of the industry’s major challenges: safety, fuel consumption, and operational efficiency. Platooning, for the uninitiated, is when trucks drive in close proximity at a constant speed, which helps lower fuel consumption and emissions. Trucks within Peloton’s system connect using direct vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V) communications, which allows the rear truck to react automatically to the actions of the front truck — if it has to brake or slow down suddenly, for example. So, in effect, the trucks brake and accelerate in tandem, allowing them to operate more safely at closer distances. Peloton’s “driver-assistive” system links the safety systems of paired trucks with a cloud-based network that limits platooning to appropriate roads and conditions. Peloton had previously raised around $18 million, and its fresh cash injection will be used to expedite growth, the rollout of its platooning system in 2017, and the “development of more advanced automation solutions,” according to a company statement. The company is currently working to integrate its smarts with a number of truck manufacturers, including Volvo in North America, which partly explains Volvo’s involvement in this latest funding round. Lead investor Omnitracs is also looking to integrate Peloton into its own platform. “The transportation industry is going through a massive change,” said Omnitracs CEO John Graham. “Macro-level trends like the Internet of Things, cognitive applications, faster delivery of goods and new levels of customer service are at the core of our new partnership with Peloton. We want to expand the possibilities of truck automation on the nation’s highways and set new standards in integrated dispatch, tracking, and routing, as well as driver-facing applications, to maximize and optimize the orchestration of both same-fleet and cross-fleet platooning.” Intel’s involvement, via its venture capital arm, is also notable. Just last month, Intel revealed plans to pay $15.3 billion for Mobileye, a computer vision firm specializing in autonomous cars. A number of other startups are working to improve long-distance road freight logistics. Swedish company Einride recently unveiled T-pod, an autonomous electric truck that can also be controlled remotely. This was shortly after Embark launched its self-driving truck tech to ease driver fatigue on long highways. Elsewhere, Uber-owned Otto reckons self-driving trucks will be cruising U.S. freeways within a decade, though both Uber and Otto are facing the heat from Alphabet over alleged patent infringements. “Making cars and trucks safer and more efficient, with increasing levels of active safety equipment, is critically important to the global economy,” said Kathy Winter, vice president of Intel’s automated driving division. “Advanced driver assistance solutions such as Peloton’s, that are based on scalable, secure computing platforms, are a key element on the path to fully autonomous driving.”   Read the original article on VentureBeat. Copyright 2017. Follow VentureBeat on Twitter. More from VentureBeat: The 5 biggest tech stories out of India this week PC Gaming Weekly: Well met, folks! Wal-Mart is reportedly in advanced talks to acquire Bonobos Following Apple, Microsoft may finally bring tabs to Windows apps like File Explorer EA’s Peter Moore says a fond adios to the game industry SEE ALSO: How Otto defied Nevada and scored a $680 million payout from Uber NOW WATCH: Here's the surprising reason highways have those concrete walls alongside them Loading video... More: Peloton Peloton Platoon freight automation Startup vehicle Truck Venture Beat Uber Otto Alphabet Intel facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Automated vehicle startup Peloton raises $60 million to improve the efficiency of truck convoys Automated vehicle startup Peloton raises $60 million to improve the efficiency of truck convoys Peloton Technology (“Peloton”), a... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,469 Reviews & Articles | 54,864 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home Press Releases RAM G.SKILL announces DDR4-4333MHz 16GB (8GBx2) memory kit and achieves DDR4-4500MHz speed Posted: 17 hours, 32 mins ago | RAM Press Releases | Stock Ticker: TPE:2357, NASDAQ:INTC Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA G.SKILL International Enterprise Co., Ltd., the world's leading manufacturer of extreme performance memory and gaming peripherals, is delighted to announce a new extreme speed memory kit running at DDR4-4333MHz at 16GB (8GBx2) capacity. And continuing with the pursuit of extreme memory speeds on the latest hardware, G.SKILL has reached an extreme DDR4-4500MHz speed on the Intel Z270 platform, achieving a stunning bandwidth write speed of 65GB per second in dual channel mode.     New High Speed DDR4-4333MHz 16GB (8GBx2)   The latest addition to the Trident Z series of extreme performance memory kit is the DDR4-4333MHz CL19-19-19-39 timing in 16GB (8GBx2) at 1.40V. This is the first DDR4-4333MHz memory kit on the market in the 8GBx2 configuration for a total of 16GB.   The stress test screenshot below displays the DDR4-4333MHz memory kit validated on ASUS ROG Maximus IX Apex motherboard and Intel Core i5-7600K processor.     Proof-of-Concept DDR4-4500MHz Extreme Speed   This extreme DDR4 memory speed is benched on the Intel Z270 platform, achieved with the ASUS ROG Maximus IX Apex motherboard with an Intel Core i5-7600K processor and a 16GB (8GBx2) memory kit running at DDR4-4500MHz CL19-19-19-39 timing. The tested bandwidth resulted in 55GB/s read speed, 65GB/s write speed, and 52GB/s copy speed under dual channel mode.   The screenshot below provides further details of the hardware setup and bandwidth speed.     Bonus: DDR4-4400MHz 16GB (8GBx2)   As an extra bonus sneak-peek, the screenshot below shows DDR4-4400MHz being stress tested. The specifications are still under development, and would require some time to be ready for market production.       About G.SKILL   Established in 1989 by PC hardware enthusiasts, G.SKILL specializes in high performance memory, SSD products, and gaming peripherals designed for PC gamers and enthusiasts around the world. Combining technical innovation and rock solid quality through our in-house testing lab and talented R&D team, G.SKILL continues to create record-breaking memory for each generation of hardware and hold the no. 1 brand title in overclocking memory. Recommended for You Corsair Releases Dominator Platinum Light Bar Upgrade... G.SKILL announces Trident Z RGB DDR4-3333MHz 128GB... Transcend Intro 1 and 2GB DDR3 SO-DIMMs OCZ Intro DDR3 Intel Extreme Memory Related Tags ASUS G.SKILL Intel G.SKILL TridentZ RAM DDR4 RAM RAM System Memory Got an opinion? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Dell's 30-inch OLED is out, 60Hz not 120Hz, and $3499 Google's new Areo app orders food, home services for you NZXT's new GPU bracket lets you use your CPU AIO cooler Your first look at 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' is here G.SKILL reveals DDR4-4333MHz 16GB RAM kitsView More News Posts Forum Activity 990fx Killer heatsink material X370: Taichi vs Fatal1ity Gaming Pro? BIOSTAR X370GT7 Motherboard Review Corsair Premium Individually Sleeved PSU Cable Kit Revie Laptop - P15F-R5 - Screen Stopped WorkingView More Forum Posts Press Releases G.SKILL announces DDR4-4333MHz 16GB (8GBx2) memory kit and achieves DDR4-4500MHz speed Nintendo Switch becomes the fastest-selling video game system in Nintendo history Yakuza Kiwami arriving to the West on August 29 Silicon Power introduces the Superior Pro and Elite Series SDXC and microSDXC CS:GO duos will clash this Spring in the HTC 2v2 Invitational by PGLView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Intel Corporation's New Fab Filler Intel's cellular modems could eventually be a great way for the chipmaker to better utilize older-generation factories. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Apr 14, 2017 at 9:30AM Microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) won the modem spot inside last year's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus with its XMM 7360 cellular modem. Intel didn't get this spot exclusively -- it shares it with fellow chipmaker Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) -- but it's believed to supply a substantial portion of Apple's cellular modem needs for the iPhone 7. The XMM 7360, unlike most of the chips that Intel builds, isn't manufactured by Intel. Instead, it is manufactured by a third party -- very likely Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) -- on a (rather mature) 28-nanometer manufacturing technology. Image source: Intel. The follow-on, known as the XMM 7480 -- the chip that's likely to power a large portion of Apple's upcoming iPhone models -- is also expected to be manufactured by TSMC, likely again using a 28-nanometer technology. After the 7480, though, comes the XMM 7560, which Intel says is manufactured in the company's 14-nanometer technology. This modem should power some of the 2018 iPhone models. This chip, as well as its successors, has the potential to be a good way for Intel to keep its older-generation factories utilized. Some background Chip manufacturing companies usually put into place some fixed amount of capacity for a given manufacturing technology, based on the company's demand forecasts. In Intel's case, it builds capacity for a new technology based on what it believes will be peak shipments on that technology (driven largely by the expected demand for its PC and data-center processors). Intel's main PC and data center processors will be manufactured on a given technology for several years -- historically, it has been about two years, but that's lengthening to at least three years. Once an all-new manufacturing technology is introduced, though, Intel will begin transitioning its core processor products from an older technology to a newer one. Now, just because Intel transitions its processors to a new manufacturing technology doesn't mean that there will be no use for the older manufacturing capacity. Some of the equipment inside those older factories is reused for future manufacturing technologies, but Intel has a lot of non-processor product lines that it usually keeps a step or two behind its main processor products in terms of manufacturing. It's those products that can ultimately fill the void left by the processors. Today, Intel's cellular modems don't serve the role as "factory filler" -- at least not for Intel, since those chips are manufactured elsewhere. However, with Intel's XMM 7560 and beyond, they will be able to do their part. What does this mean for Intel? Over time, I expect Intel's annual modem shipments to roughly trend to one-half of Apple's annual iPhone shipments on a unit basis, or somewhere around 100 million units (obviously varies based on Apple's own iPhone shipments and the exact split between Intel modems and Qualcomm modems). It's hard to know exactly how large these modem chips are, since die sizes are not readily available. However, I think we can make a somewhat educated guess as to how large the die size of a typical cellular baseband chip is. According to Chipworks' teardown of the iPhone 6s, the package size of the Qualcomm MDM9635 cellular baseband is approximately 75 square millimeters. The package size of the Apple A9 applications processor (APL0898) is about 215 square millimeters. The die size of the APL0898 is 96 square millimeters, so the ratio of the die size to the package size is 96/215 or ~0.44. If we assume a similar ratio for the baseband's die size to the package size, then we get a die size of around 33 square millimeters. So, for the purposes of our analysis, let's suppose that the XMM 7560, manufactured in Intel's 14-nanometer manufacturing technology, is roughly 30 square millimeters (greater functionality than the older Qualcomm modem offset by the smaller manufacturing technology. From a volume perspective, working under these (admittedly very crude) estimates, 100 million cellular modem chips at 30 square millimeters a piece is equivalent in volume to 30 million chips measuring in at 100 square millimeters a piece -- the approximate size of a current dual-core Intel Core processor. Looked at another way, the potential volume here is roughly equivalent to between 10% and 15% of Intel's personal computer chip shipments. Cellular baseband chips, then, wouldn't be enough to completely make up for the migration of Intel's main processors to a newer manufacturing technology, but it would dramatically boost the volumes of chips that Intel builds on its older-generation manufacturing technologies. In other words, a nice way for Intel to wring out more revenue and profits from preexisting factory infrastructure.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Apr 14, 2017 at 9:30AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $52.79 down $0.60 (-1.12%) Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $31.83 down $0.45 (-1.39%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.25 down $0.38 (-1.07%) Read More 3 Beaten-Up Internet of Things Stocks: Are They Bargains? 1 Way Intel Corporation Wants to Improve R&D Efficiency Why Long-Term Investors Should Prefer NVIDIA Over Intel Inside Intel Corporation's Foundry Ambitions Here's How Intel Corporation Could Refresh Server Chips in 2018 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Intel Corporation's New Fab Filler @themotleyfool #stocks $QCOM, $TSM, $INTC
NCAA NFL MLB Recruiting More Sports Fantasy Military Fishing Hunting Living Membership Tickets App Teams NCAA Football HQ FB Recruiting NCAA Basketball HQ BK Recruiting Tailgating Teams NFL HQ Draft Rankings Fantasy Tailgating Teams MLB HQ Transactions Scouting Top Prospects FB Recruiting HQ FB Prospects FB Commits FB Team Rankings JC Football BK Recruiting HQ BK Prospects BK Commits BK Team Rankings High School Sports NBA Golf Cleveland Sports Rankings Fantasy HQ Tools Daily Fantasy Forums Play Join Warrior The latest news and tech from the field of combat. North American Fisherman Fishing news and video from NAF. Wired2Fish Gear reviews, guides, and how-to videos for serious anglers. Fishhound Tracking all things fishing...all the time. Fishulo Where to go and what to use to catch more fish in Canada. YakFishTV Showing the world what kayak fishing is all about. North American Hunter Hunting news, video, and gear reviews from NAH. The Buck Advisors Expert advice for whitetail deer hunters. Gear News and reviews on the hottest gear, fastest cars, and latest tech. Build Gear reviews and how-to guides for the handyman. Tailgate Recipes, games, and guides for American's fastest-growing sport. Garden Tips and tricks for landscaping and lawn care. Cook Recipes and tutorial videos. SCOUT Sign In Forums Forums List SI Members Board Football Board Basketball Board Football Stories Roster Schedule Team Stats FB Recruiting Prospects Visits Commits Team Rankings State Rankings Eligibility Basketball Stories Roster Schedule Team Stats BK Recruiting Prospects Visits Commits Team Rankings Eligibility News All Football FB Recruiting Basketball BK Recruiting Upcoming Events Shop Tickets Join Bob Przybylo/Scout Sooner Intel: Kerry Cooks cleaning up OU's defensive backs room Bob Przybylo Yesterday at 5:23 AM Intel returns examining all of OU's recent defensive back offers and where Sooners stand at DB for the class. The Sooner Intel, created by Bob Przybylo in 2011, is an inside look into Oklahoma football and basketball recruiting and is solely for Sooners Illustrated subscribers. It is a sneak peek into what’s happening with OU recruiting and is not to be distributed anywhere else. It has been talked about repeatedly about how the offensive line is now purely Bill Bedenbaugh guys, and the Sooners are reaping the benefits of that. With the numerous coaching changes two years ago, there are still some OU coaches working with players they never recruited. Defensive backs coach Kerry Cooks was one of those guys. For whatever reason, he didn’t resonate or connect with all of the defensive backs in the room and you could sense things were about to change. Sources told Sooners Illustrated that Cooks was about to clean house with the defensive backs, and the numerous offers from the week wasn’t about to slow down. Check and check. Head coach Bob Stoops revealed Thursday evening Antoine Stephens and P.J. Mbanasor will both be looking to transfer, helping explain the five offers Cooks made this week. There were reasons Cooks could have offered. Was OU losing ground with some of its top targets? Was Cooks trying to earn a commitment or two by forcing their hand? Or were there transfers in the near future? Turned out to be the final option. OU’s secondary class, which looked to be at around five for the 2018 class, now seems to be more accurate at around seven or at least six. The Sooners have the commitments of Lancaster (Texas) High’s Jordon Austin and Tulsa (Okla.) Union’s Patrick Fields. That doesn’t appear to be changing anytime soon. OU could add one more into the fold Easter Sunday as Mansfield (Texas) High safety Cam’ron Jones is expected to announce. Jones, a Scout 300 prospect, has visited OU multiple times. Though he has a list of five or six schools, most believe it will be between the Sooners and UCLA for who gets the nod. A one-time commit to Texas Tech, Jones was enamored with his initial trip to OU for Bedlam and seemed to be an automatic lock for the Sooners after his junior day visit. Things have died down considerably, and Jones was unable to make the trip to Norman last weekend for the spring game because of the ACT. Regardless if Jones goes OU or Bruins on Sunday, Cooks went back to work in a major way this week on the trail. One state he hit hard was Florida, and it does look like it could net one commitment. Deerfield Beach (Fla.) High cornerback Miguel Edwards has not been shy to say the Sooners are his favorite. And if he does indeed visit OU in the next couple of weeks, yep, be on the watch. Will any of these Florida prospects join him? http://www.scout.com/player/209715-jamien-sherwood?s=73 http://www.scout.com/player/205746-tre-douglas?s=73 http://www.scout.com/college/oklahoma/player/210174-sevyn-banks Douglas is from Georgia, but the Southeast theme remains the same there. It’s always a challenge to recruit the area and then always a gamble to keep a prospect from that area. OU found that out last year with Miami Columbus defensive back Trajan Bandy. Committed to OU for months, once the Hurricanes offered, it was a countdown to a flip. Could OU suffer that same fate here? It’s possible, but Cooks seems willing to see how things trickle down. As of the moment, sources believe Banks and Sherwood will stay in Florida, while Douglas could do the same in Georgia. So if not Florida, what about the other side of the country? http://www.scout.com/college/oklahoma/player/208880-julius-irvin Irvin has the offers from the big boys in the area like USC, UCLA and Oregon so again, pure uphill battle. But OU’s success in California might resonate a bit. http://www.scout.com/player/212694-noah-boykin?s=73 Maybe the answer is to get back to where you’ve been before. OU has seemingly struck it big in Parnell Motley, from the Washington D.C. Woodson. Cooks is going back there with Noah Boykin and sources seem the most optimistic about this offer than any of the other ones from the week. Motley’s success at OU could play a role, too. The key, as always, will be to get Boykin to campus. With the distance, that might not be reasonable until an official visit and you never know how things are going to shake out there. The Sooners are doing fine at defensive back. A couple of commits. A couple perhaps on the way. It’s not looking good for those top dogs in Houston so Cooks is finding other avenues. This week could be the first of a very interesting few as the spring evaluation period officially gets underway.   Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout Video: Lon Kruger on Trae Young, 2017 class It's official. Trae Young signs with OU NCAA Approves December CFB Signing Period OU enters the mix for Grayson Boomer Jordon Austin clears the air with OU Share & Embed Video: Stoops says Cobb not on OU team Full Story Sooners Illustrated Top Stories OU visit makes impression with Malik Vann Intel returns with an update on OU spring game visitor Malik Vann. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 5:37 AM Jordon Austin clears the air with OU Intel returns with an update on OU commit Jordon Austin. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 5:34 AM OU enters the mix for Grayson Boomer Intel returns with an update on one of OU's recent offers, Grayson Boomer. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 5:31 AM Video: Stoops says Cobb not on OU teamOU coach Bob Stoops said Parrish Cobb has not been a member of Sooners since January. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedThursday at 2:07 PM Video: Lon Kruger on Trae Young, 2017 classSilent no more as OU coach Lon Kruger finally allowed to talk about Trae Young and the Sooners' 2017 class. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedThursday at 9:03 AM OU unfiltered: Marquise Brown He's small, OK, we get that. But Marquise Brown is ready to make a difference with the Sooners. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedThursday at 7:08 AM It's official. Trae Young signs with OUFive-star point guard Trae Young is officially locked in with Sooners. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedWednesday at 12:07 PM OU striving for return to 'Oklahoma Standard'OU excelling on the field, but falling short off it. Baker Mayfield says that has to stop. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedWednesday at 9:27 AM Breaking News NCAA Approves December CFB Signing PeriodAn early signing period could be coming to college football in December... by Kevin Wade Scout CFBYesterday at 7:38 AM It's a 2019 weekend for OU Intel returns with an update on a big 2019 weekend coming up for OU. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 5:28 AM Mbanasor, Stephens express transfer interestBob Stoops confirmed cornerbacks Antoine Stephens and P.J. Mbanasor will transfer from OU. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedThursday at 5:18 PMLoad More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets CBS Sports Sign In Sign Up 247 SportsCBS Sports Digital Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Careers © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Commuting Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News Personal Finance Oregon & the Economy Oregon Tech Shopping Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports March Madness John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings Track and Field NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Softball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Competitive Cheer Dance and Drill Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Back to Main Menu The Oregonian E-Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian E-Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments Intel trims marketing, finance jobs but Oregon workforce is near all-time high intel_ra4_again.jpg The chipmaker remains Oregon's largest private employer, with 19,300 workers in Washington County. That's just 200 below last year, when the company began a broad restructuring that included widespread layoffs and buyouts. (Oregonian file photo) Print Email Mike Rogoway | The Oregonian/OregonLive By Mike Rogoway | The Oregonian/OregonLive The Oregonian Email the author | Follow on Twitter on April 14, 2017 at 6:30 AM, updated April 14, 2017 at 3:29 PM comments Intel is cutting jobs in its finance organization and sales and marketing group as the chipmaker continues pressuring its divisions to reduce operating costs. The company is still hiring, though, and said Thursday that its Oregon workforce now totals 19,300 - just 200 off its peak before major cutbacks began 12 months ago. Intel declined comment on the most recent job cuts, but sources inside the company say they could number in the dozens or perhaps more than 100 at a business that employs 106,000 around the globe. That makes them an order of magnitude smaller than job cuts in 2015 and 2016. Last year alone, Intel eliminated 15,000 jobs across the company to prepare for long-term decline in its core PC business. In its finance group, Intel is consolidating work across many sites into "shared service centers" in Costa Rica and Malaysia. Sources familiar with Intel's plans say few if any people will lose their jobs, and that Intel slowed hiring of junior employees last year in preparation for the shift. Employees in Intel's sales and marketing group learned last week that the organization will lay off workers to comply with "corporate spending targets," according to memo from Greg Pearson, the Intel vice president who manages the group. The memo sent to employees earlier this month outlined other spending cuts, including restructuring a portion of the organization, but did not specify how many people will lose their jobs. Sales and marketing represents less than 2 percent of Intel's total workforce, according to 2015 employment data reviewed by The Oregonian/OregonLive. And there is no indication this month's cuts are especially large. When Intel began its broad restructuring last year, the company said it needed to cut back in some areas to free up resources to invest in new opportunities. Those include memory chips, self-driving cars and a new class of connected devices and appliances known as the Internet of Things. As Intel pursues those new markets, its sales have been buoyed by growing demand for microprocessors to run the large data centers that power the internet and store vast amounts of corporate data. Revenue grew by more than 7 percent in 2016, to an all-time high of $59.4 billion. Though Intel's headquarters are in California, the company's largest and most advanced operations are in Hillsboro. Intel laid off 784 Oregon employees during last year's cutbacks and offered buyouts or early retirement packages to thousands of additional employees in Washington County. The company remains the state's largest private employer, though, apparently because Intel has hired for new local positions. In other places, the cutbacks have had a profound effect. Several small sites closed altogether, and Intel disclosed this week that it has reduced employment at its aging factories near Albuquerque, New Mexico, by 37 percent in the past year. According to the Albuquerque Journal, Intel now has 1,200 employees working there - down from 1,900 at the end of 2015. The New Mexico site employed 3,300 as recently as 2013, according to the Journal. But Intel has skipped three generations of manufacturing upgrades in New Mexico, putting the factory there in danger of obsolescence. -- Mike Rogoway; twitter: @rogoway; 503-294-7699 Inside Silicon Forest About Mike Rogoway Email Mike Rogoway Follow @rogoway Most Read Active Discussions About Us About OregonLive.com Our Journalists Contact the newsroom Join our team Frequently Asked Questions Subscriber Services Advertise with us Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Legal Notices Obituaries Videos Weather Sitemap & search Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Gresham Portland Washington County Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Classifieds Jobs Autos Rentals Real Estate Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Local Deals Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Authors News Products Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Internet Industrial Networking M2M Sensors Human Interface Embedded TechCon More… Test and Measurement Smart Energy Webcasts E-Letter ARBOR Launches a New Digital Signage Player with 6th Generation Intel(r) Core(tm) i-series Processors ARBOR - Leave a Comment The new ELIT-1900 4K digital signage player features I/O flexibility, extensive add-on functionality and supports six independent video outputs Mar 30, 2017 – Taipei – ARBOR Technology, a leading provider of embedded computing solutions, is pleased to present its new ELIT-1900 digital signage player with 4K/Ultra HD display support for commercial environments. Based on Intel® 6th-gen Skylake-H CPU technology and containing an AMD E8860 GPU, the ELIT-1900 delivers outstanding processing performance and truly immersive graphics. With support for six simultaneous independent displays via HDMI or DisplayPort, the ELIT-1900 provides a vibrant visual experience with 4K graphics and complex multimedia features, making it ideal for a wide range of demanding applications in areas such as retail, hospitality and public services. Remarkably compact despite its commanding power, the ELIT-1900 offers rich I/O connectivity with four USB 3.0 ports, two RJ-45 jacks, and a full-size mPCIe slot with SIM socket for optional Wi-Fi, WWAN or I/O expansion support. Dual Intel® i211AT GbE LAN ports provide enhanced flexibility in data transmissions allocations, system backup and remote recovery. The ELIT-1900 runs on 19V DC input power and supports a redundant backup power supply for secure and uninterrupted operation. The high performance ELIT-1900 signage player comes with a 260-pin DDR4 SO-DIMM socket supporting up to 16GB of 2133 MHz SDRAM, and a removable 2.5 inch SATA storage media bay. ELIT-1900 has been selected for the Taiwan Excellence Award 2017. For more information about ARBOR ELIT-1900 4K digital signage player, click here. Key Features: • 6th Gen. Intel® Core™ i-series processors (BGA 1440, up to 25W) • Support 6 x HDMI or 6 x DisplayPort with independent video outputs • Support DDR4-2133 SO-DIMM, 1.2V, max. up to 16GB • Support 1 x COM, 4 x USB3.0, 2 x RJ-45 • Support DirectX 12, OpenCL™ 1.24 • RTC Wakeup supported Please contact your local sales representative, or email ARBOR at sales@arbor-technology.com ### About ARBOR ARBOR Technology Corp., founded in 1993, is a leading provider of Smart City and IoT solutions. With more than 20 years of experience in providing customer-driven, high performance, and industrial strength computing solutions in various industries. ARBOR strives to provide complete solutions from board to system, computing to communication, in healthcare, transportation, industrial automation, mobile computing, digital signage, retail, intelligent building and home. ARBOR is ISO-9001, ISO-13485 and ISO-14001-certifiied and commits to deliver high quality products compliant with international standards and well-defined production processes. More information about ARBOR is available at www.arbor-technology.com/ Topics covered in this article wi-fi Advertisement Industrial Embedded Systems Articles White Papers Authors News Products © MMXVII Industrial Embedded Systems An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit News and Products Contact Last updated: Fri, 31 Mar 2017 16:22:16 +0000
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Security Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Networking Cloud Storage DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Events Calendar Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter Mocana unveils next-generation security platform for Industrial IoT devices and clouds OpenSystems Media, LLC - Leave a Comment GE, Intel, Infineon and hundreds of other companies use Mocana to secure millions of devices. San Francisco, Calif. – Mocana Corporation, a leading provider of mission-critical IoT security solutions for the emerging digital industrial ecosystem, today announced the availability of the Mocana IoT Security Platform, a comprehensive full-stack security solution to protect industrial IoT devices, industrial clouds and device-to-cloud communications. The company also announced new capabilities giving industrial manufacturers the power to leverage hardware-based security technologies and automated digital certificate management to harden devices and effectively enable scalable IoT deployments. Hundreds of companies, including Schneider Electric, Wind River, Intel, Infineon Technologies AG, DDC-I and GE have integrated Mocana’s effective cybersecurity software into industrial control systems, programmable logic controllers (PLCs), cloud platforms, remote terminal units (RTUs), intelligent electronic devices (IEDs), device gateways and controllers. With the new platform, customers and partners are further protecting IoT devices and industrial clouds against sophisticated cyberattacks that are shutting down power grids, forcing massive segments of the Internet offline and threatening the safety of critical infrastructures. “When it comes to mission-critical IoT security, there is no middle-ground or acceptable margin for error. Hackers have demonstrated their ability to get behind firewalls and take over IoT devices. Once a hacker has control of an IoT device or controller behind a firewall, they can wreak havoc by manipulating flow controls, valves, compressors, power systems and engine controls that result in loss of critical services and loss of life,” said William Diotte, CEO of Mocana. “The Mocana IoT Security Platform is the most comprehensive IoT security solution for industrial manufacturers that are concerned about cyberattacks on embedded systems, IoT devices and industrial cloud systems.” The Mocana platform provides a full-stack solution for securing IoT systems from the endpoint, to the gateway, to the cloud and back again. The platform includes a unique, inside-out hardening approach that ensures endpoint and gateway trustworthiness, data and device integrity, authentication and confidentiality. The new Mocana IoT Security Platform provides software capabilities, a set of simple APIs and a path to utilize Mocana’s planned management and analytics capabilities. The new Mocana IoT Security Platform builds upon the Mocana Security of Things Platform and includes significant innovations: Mocana Trust Engine: A vendor-agnostic trust abstraction layer that allows device manufacturers to take advantage of the latest security chip technologies, such as the Infineon OPTIGA® Trusted Platform Module (TPM), ARM TrustZone, Intel SGX and Intel EPID. Automated Certificate Management: Support for automated certificate management using Enrollment over Secure Transport (EST) and trust chaining to ensure a lifecycle of trust for secure boot, secure firmware updates and trusted operations. Full Stack Platform: The full-stack architecture and strong cryptographic engine ensure authentication, integrity, confidentiality, visibility and control for devices, gateways and cloud applications. Simple API: The software abstracts the underlying hardware, enabling applications to call cryptographic functions through a single API. OpenSSL-compatibility interface allows customers to replace OpenSSL with a lightweight defense-grade crypto library. Mocana is trusted by more than 200 manufacturers and IoT companies, and its software is integrated with more than 70 chipsets, 30 operating systems and supports networking environments such as SSL, SSH, multicast, IPsec and wireless. Mocana plans to introduce management and analytics capabilities later this year to provide a new level of visibility and control into IoT devices. Industry pundits, analysts and leaders have validated Mocana’s comprehensive approach to IoT security: “It has never been a better time to address security in IoT devices at the earliest stages of their development, because attackers are quickly learning that the systems supporting our critical infrastructure are increasingly interconnected,” said Rob Westervelt, research manager, IDC. “The tools provided by Mocana are rooted in its long history of equipping engineers with the ability to harden devices that perform mission-critical operations. Manufacturers can now be equipped to leverage the power of the embedded chips in their products to support the security and privacy requirements of these emerging data-driven IoT ecosystems.” “The need for end-to-end security has never been greater, particularly as legacy infrastructure and industrial systems are upgraded for greater connectivity,” notes Steve Hoffenberg, director of IoT & embedded technology at industry analyst firm VDC Research. “Industrial IoT engineers must take it for granted that their systems will be under attack, and structure their defenses in a layered approach assuming that hackers may gain entry to the network. Paranoia is warranted.” “As the IoT continues to grow, an increasing number of backdoors and vulnerabilities are discovered every day,” said Joerg Borchert, VP of Chip Card Security of Infineon Technologies. “If enterprise-grade companies expect their users to trust in the inherent safety of their technology, they must ensure that advanced security is embedded directly into the device. Our partnership with Mocana focuses on this type of comprehensive security as we work toward providing customers with an easy and effective way to harden their operational technologies.” “Mocana’s new IoT software brings trusted, military-grade security, and cloud-based communications to safety-critical applications like connected commercial and military aircraft,” said Greg Rose, vice president of marketing and product management at DDC-I. “We are excited to be working with Mocana and our joint customers to provide an integrated platform for safety-critical avionics applications that combines key pieces of their IoT software with our best-in-class DO-178 real-time operating system.” To find out more about how Mocana hardens IoT devices and ensures trust in mission-critical infrastructure, visit www.mocana.com. About Mocana Founded in 2002, Mocana Corporation provides mission-critical IoT security solutions for embedded systems and the Internet of Things. The company’s software is used by hundreds of companies to secure millions of devices, controllers and embedded systems. Its comprehensive device-to-cloud platform is designed to operate across complex, multi-vendor, multi-technology environments where performance and security are mission-critical. Mocana is privately held, and our investors include Shasta Ventures, Trident Capital, Sway Ventures, Southern Cross Venture Partners, GE Capital, Intel Ventures and Panasonic. www.mocana.com Topics covered in this article the internet of things industrial iot cybersecurity iot devices industrial security wireless gateway the iot Cloud IoT Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVII Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit an Article Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Thu, 30 Mar 2017 22:13:55 +0000
The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back. (UL,20170415,,-1,AR). The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back. (UL,20170415,,-1,AR). Contact us Subscriptions eEdition Tips Ads Ad Circulars WEATHER SPONSOR All Sections Home + News More In + News Animals Business Courts Crime Education Energy Health Outdoors Ski Conditions Ski Conditions Politics Voters First Public Safety Real Estate Religion Science and Tech Social Issues  Aging in NH Transportation  Autos Veterans War UnionLeaderAutos + Politics More In + Politics Politics Voters First Local & County Government State Government City Hall Granite Status State House Dome + Business More In + Business Energy Real Estate Transportation Mike Cote's Business Notebook Ask the Expert Legacy Awards 40 Under Forty + A&E More In + A&E Music + Sports More In + Sports High Schools Colleges Fisher Cats Manchester Monarchs Golf Red Sox/MLB Patriots/NFL Bruins/NHL Celtics/NBA Motor Sports Outdoors Ski Conditions + Opinion More In + Opinion Editorials Columns Editorial Cartoons Local Voices Letters to Editor Column submission policy + Food More In + Food Restaurant reviews Menu guide Food & Wine events + Lifestyle More In + Lifestyle Things To Do About NH Arts & Entertainment Celebrities and people Contests NH Weekend Pets and animals Press Releases Social announcements Travel Obits Jobs Real Estate + Index More In + Index News Sports News A&E Politics Business Sports Opinion Obits Photos Jobs Homes Crime Kyle Tasker, former Nottingham state rep, strikes plea deal on computer solicitation, drug charges Former state representative Kyle Tasker will spend three to 10 years in state prison as part of a plea agreement on charges that he allegedly solicited a 14-year-old girl for sex and offered her... More Headlines Hillsborough County Attorney Dennis Hogan seeks dismissal of civil lawsuit Northern Pass hearing focuses on North Country impact More in News Animals Business Courts Crime Education Energy Environment   Saint-Gobain/PFOA Health History Human Interest Politics Public Safety Science and Tech Social Issues  Aging in NH Transportation  Autos Veterans War Weather High School Sports High School Volleyball: Pinkerton spikers top Londonderry in 4 When the Pinkerton Academy volleyball team is firing on all cylinders, the Astros are tough to beat. Londonderry found that out the hard way Friday. More Headlines High School Baseball: Shumski's shutout lifts Salem High School Baseball: St. Onge fans 13 in Campbell win More in Sports High Schools Colleges Fisher Cats Manchester Monarchs Golf Red Sox/MLB Patriots/NFL Bruins/NHL Celtics/NBA Motor Sports Outdoors Ski Conditions Business Bankruptcy to close 2 EMS stores, 2 Bob's stores in NH A bankruptcy court judge approved the closing of 48 Bob's Stores and Eastern Mountain Sports locations, including four in New Hampshire. More Headlines Land Rover dealership in Bedford has plans for new facility Safran GM tells students engineering is the coolest job on the planet More in Business Energy Real Estate Transportation Mike Cote's Business Notebook Ask the Expert Legacy Awards 40 Under Forty Editorials Northern Pass on trial? It's not a popularity contest New Hampshire's quasi-judicial bureaucracy is gearing up to decide if the Northern Pass project can move forward. Food stamp reform: Reducing dependency on government As the New Hampshire House debates reforms to the state’s food stamp program, let’s dispel with some of the false arguments that opponents are making. Pot possession: Less than a speeding ticket? Marijuana advocates pushing to decriminalize the drug argue that young people should not have their prospects ruined because of one mistake. More Headlines Mona Charen: Why doesn't college work for Blacks? John Stossel: Warrior Trump More in Opinion Editorials Columns Editorial Cartoons Local Voices Letters to Editor Column submission policy State Government Rift among GOP lawmakers widens in wake of budget meltdown Members of the House Republican Alliance, which played a major role in the defeat of the House Finance Committee budget proposal last week, claim they have been denied the right to meet in the State... More Headlines Trump signs law that allows states to deny funding to Planned Parenthood CIA chief calls WikiLeaks a 'hostile intelligence service' More in Politics Politics Local & County Government State Government Voters First City Hall Granite Status State House Dome Welcome guest, you have 3 views left.  Register| Sign In The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back. (UL,20170415,,-1,AR). Post or View Comments  Weekend 'Top 10' Planner: April 14-16, 2017 Whew! It's been a long wait for winter to pass this year. It's no longer cold outside (for the most part) and spring is blooming with events across the Granite State. From Keene to Berlin to... Thursday: Celtic Woman Thursday, 7 p.m. BrewTopia Friday, 7 p.m. 7th Annual Wild & Scenic Film Festival Friday, 7 p.m. Combat Zone MMA 61 'Resurrection' Saturday, 6 p.m. An Evening of Dance Friday-Saturday, 7:30 p.m. Golden Dragon Cirque Friday, 7:30 p.m. Country Jamboree, Glory Days of Country Saturday, 7 p.m. Saturday Night Fever Friday-Saturday, 7:30 p.m. Saturday, 2 p.m. NHTI Comedy Night with Jimmy Dunn Friday, 7:30 p.m. ParkKIDS Movie: Popeye Cartoon Festival Saturday, 10:30 a.m. Easter Egg Hunts All Weekend Def Leppard, Poison and Tesla Saturday, 7 p.m. Illusionist Rick Thomas Friday, 7:30 p.m. 1 2 3 4 5 5 Thursday: Celtic Woman Thursday, 7 p.m. BrewTopia Friday, 7 p.m. 7th Annual Wild & Scenic Film Festival Friday, 7 p.m. Combat Zone MMA 61 'Resurrection' Saturday, 6 p.m. An Evening of Dance Friday-Saturday, 7:30 p.m. Outdoors / Travel McIntyre Ski Area brings Slush Cup Snowmobile Hill Climb to Manchester   0    PUBLISHED - 12:27 am 4/15 Cheryl Kimball's Nature Talks: Mourning doves seem to be prevalent this year    0    PUBLISHED - 8:45 pm 4/14 Fish and Game offers scholarships for women's workshop    0    PUBLISHED - 8:29 pm 4/14 Winter Notes: Easter brings ski season to a colorful end   0    PUBLISHED - 7:48 pm 4/13 People & Lifestyles Fate of Fun in the Sun camp program in Hooksett unknown    0    PUBLISHED - 3:30 pm 4/14 NH Club Notes: Souhegan Sustainability Fair next week in Wilton   0    PUBLISHED - 11:43 pm 4/13 NH Club Notes: NH State Grange plans Grange Month celebration   0    PUBLISHED - 12:44 am 4/13 Dyeing eggs for Easter? Skip the shaving cream    0    PUBLISHED - 8:43 pm 4/11 Entertainment Circus troupe shares kitchen acrobatics, along with some banana bread    0    PUBLISHED - 12:58 pm 4/12 Celtic Woman brings ‘Voices of Angels’ to Queen City   0    PUBLISHED - 12:58 pm 4/12 Get out the polyester and platform shoes at Manchester's Palace Theatre    0    PUBLISHED - 12:58 pm 4/12 A trio of musical shows across NH   0    PUBLISHED - 12:58 pm 4/12 Dining & Food Janine Gilbertson's Granite Kitchen: A few easy add-ons for Easter    0 Our Gourmet: A cozy, rewarding Italian experience in Concord   1    PUBLISHED - 8:43 pm 4/11 Tasting Notes with Jim Beauregard: A rich read for the beer enthusiast    0    PUBLISHED - 8:41 pm 4/11    Full Site    Mobile Site © Copyright 2017 Union Leader Corporation. All rights reserved. Tags Auctions Bedford Common Core Contests Crime Derry Hooksettt Londonderry Manchester Market Basket Business Education Northern Pass Our Gourmet Primary - 2016 Property Transfers Scott Brown SNHU UNH Wind power Winter Fun NEWS Animals Business Ask the Expert 40 Under Forty Crime Education Newspapers in Education Energy Health History Legacy Awards Politics   Voters First   Granite Status   State House Dome   City Hall Public safety Real Estate Religion Science/Tech Social Issues   Aging in NH Special Sections Transportation   Autos   unionleaderautos.com Veterans War Weather SPORTS Golf Bruins/NHL Celtics/NBA College Sports columns Fisher Cats High School Monarchs Motor sports Patriots/NFL Red Sox/MLB ANNOUNCEMENTS Anniversary Birth Engagement Wedding Obituaries  Obituary policy  Memorial Bookmarks PHOTO GALLERIES Buy photos Buy page reprint OPINION Editorials Op-eds Editorial Cartoons Letters to Editor LOCAL VOICES City Matters Dick Pinney Grant Bosse Looking Back Publisher's Notes Scene in Manchester Nature Talks CLASSIFIEDS Automotive Employment ads Merchandise Public Notices Real estate Rentals Services PLACE CLASSIFIED NEWHAMPSHIRE.com Arts & Entertainment Events Food  Our Gourmet Life & Culture NH People Outdoors Ski Conditions Travel & Tourism Winter Fun SERVICES Contact Us Subscriptions Newsletter Signup Where to buy Union Leader Mobile options Santa Fund Advertising Send a news tip! Advanced Search Newsletters signup Union Leader jobs
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica Technology Lab — Windows 7 and 8.1 now block new CPUs from receiving updates Awkwardly, some Skylake chips are still supported by older Windows, but some aren't. Peter Bright (US) - Apr 14, 2017 6:41 am UTC Enlarge reader comments 324 Share this story Further ReadingIntel Kaby Lake Core i7-7700K review: Is the desktop CPU dead?We knew Microsoft was planning to block installation of Windows 7 and 8.1 updates on systems with Intel 7th Generation Core processors (more memorably known as Kaby Lake) and AMD Ryzen systems; we just weren't sure when. Now, the answer appears to be "this month." Users of new processors running old versions of Windows are reporting that their updates are being blocked. The block means that systems using these processors are no longer receiving security updates. Further ReadingAMD Ryzen 7 1800X review: Still behind Intel, but great for the priceThe new policy was announced in January of last year and revised slightly a couple of months later: Kaby Lake and Ryzen processors, and all new processors on an ongoing basis, would only be supported in Windows 10. Windows 7 and 8.1 would continue to support older processors, but their chip compatibility was frozen. Further ReadingSkylake users given 18 months to upgrade to Windows 10Awkwardly straddling the two policies are Intel's 6th Generation Core processors, aka Skylake. Some Skylake systems will continue to be supported in Windows 7 and 8.1. Others will not. Certain Skylake models shipped by 16 specific OEMs will continue to receive update support. But other Skylake systems will also need to upgrade to Windows 10 to receive ongoing updates. Microsoft's policy does not strike me as objectionable per se. In practice, I would imagine that Windows 7 and 8.1 would run fine on Kaby Lake and Ryzen machines. But Microsoft can't just shrug its shoulders and assume that everything will work just fine on the old chips. The company would have to test and validate the old operating systems on the new hardware, and I can see why it would rather not do so. But the manner in which the change in policy is being introduced is what leaves the worst taste in my mouth. Microsoft argues that the new processors include new capabilities and hardware that makes compatibility with the older operating systems difficult or undesirable. There are elements of truth to this; both Ryzen and Skylake made some important changes to features, such as processor power management, and on some level I can accept that Microsoft may not fully support these capabilities on older operating systems. Windows 7 also has no built-in support for USB 3 and NVMe, which can make the mere act of installing it onto a modern system a little tricky. Dropping support for Windows 7 is also arguably consistent with Microsoft's support policy. Windows 7 has been in extended support since January 2015. Products in extended support are due to receive security updates, but no new functional or other improvements will arrive. Limiting support for processors that were introduced after this time does not seem entirely unreasonable. But Windows 8.1 is a different story. Windows 8.1 is still in its mainstream support period, during which it should receive not just security fixes, but also functional improvements. Unlike Windows 7, Windows 8.1 already includes native support for USB 3 and NVMe, so the installation headaches that can occur with the old operating system are avoided. Refusing to support the latest processors in an operating system that's still fully supported feels distasteful. It feels like something of a bait-and-switch—Microsoft's "mainstream support" promise apparently has no real meaning. Windows 8.1 is only in mainstream support for about another year. It does not seem tremendously burdensome for the company to have extended its new processor support to Windows 8.1 until that mainstream support period ended. Windows 8.1 users had a reasonable expectation that their operating system would be fully supported for the duration of the five-year mainstream support period. In making this change, Microsoft fails to live up to its end of the bargain. It really won't be too long before the only Windows version that's in mainstream support is Windows 10. I think that Microsoft should have waited until that moment before imposing this new policy. This post originated on Ars Technica Peter Bright Peter is Technology Editor at Ars. He covers Microsoft, programming and software development, Web technology and browsers, and security. He is based in Brooklyn, NY. Email peter.bright@arstechnica.com // Twitter @drpizza reader comments 324 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Today on Ars RSS Feeds Newsletters View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica US Contact Us Staff Advertise with us About Us Condé Nast UK Privacy Policy & Cookie Statement  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Contact Us  |  © Condé Nast UK 2017.
Digital Trends AMD Ryzen 5 1600X review AMD’s aggressively affordable Ryzen 5 1600X is the first six-core chip for everyone Share DT Editors' Choice The Ryzen 5 1600X puts Intel on notice -- AMD’s affordable processors mean business. The Ryzen 5 1600X puts Intel on notice -- AMD’s affordable processors mean business. The Ryzen 5 1600X puts Intel on notice -- AMD’s affordable processors mean business. Highs Cheapest six-core chip available Competitive gaming performance Strong productivity value Intuitive overclocking software Lows Modest overclocking performance DT Editors' Rating 9.0 DT Editors' Choice Scores Explained Home > Product Reviews > Processor Reviews > AMD Ryzen 5 1600X review By Brad Bourque Posted on 04.11.17 Research Center: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X The $250-$350 price point is growing increasingly crowded as AMD merrily rolls out Ryzen. These enthusiast level chips, used primarily in gaming systems, won’t hold back a single GPU setup, and are very capable of light photo or video production work in a pinch. The Ryzen 5 1600X stands out as the least expensive chip to ever offer more than four cores. At $250, it undercuts the Core i7-7700K by almost a hundred dollars at full price, and is only $20 more than the Core i5-7600K. As attractive as Ryzen 7 was, it’s the Ryzen 5 processor line that fits in the budget of most PC enthusiasts. Can it become the people’s champion? A refresher on the architecture The mid-range Ryzen 5 Series is the second to arrive with AMD’s new Zen architecture. The red team started over from the ground up for these chips, and it really shows. The previous design, Bulldozer, set AMD back by pushing core count in exchange for per-core efficiency. With most games and demanding applications only making use of four cores, there wasn’t a big incentive to take the offer. For more information on the Zen architecture and platform, head over to our review of the flagship chip, the Ryzen 7 1800X. Six cores, 12 threads, plenty of go Though its 3.6GHz base clock is only slightly higher than the Ryzen 5 1500X’s 3.5GHz clock, the Ryzen 5 1600X has two distinct advantages over its slightly cheaper sibling. Most notably, the Ryzen 5 1600X sports two more cores for a total of six, which brings it to support for 12 threads (two on each core). It also has a 95-watt thermal design power, as opposed to the 65-watt TDP on the 1500X. Theoretically, that thermal headroom may allow for better overall performance due to higher dynamic clock speeds. Those two factors give the chip a massive advantage, bringing multi-core tests in line with even the Ryzen 7 1700. It takes a strong lead over the Ryzen 5 1500X in every single test — not bad considering it only costs $30 more. Still, that big performance jump is a pleasant surprise. In particular, we see a big gain in the Handbrake 4K conversion test, which runs almost 35 percent faster on the higher-end chip than on the entry-level option. It should come as no surprise that the Intel Core i7-7700K, with its 4.2GHz base clock, charges ahead in every single-core test. The exchange comes with the extra cores, where well-distributed workloads can take full advantage of the extra threads. Tasks that use all of the Ryzen 5 1600X cores tend to perform better than on the Core i7-7700K, despite the latter’s price, which is about $90 higher. We did not have a Core i5-7600K on hand to test. However, we expect that it would maintain a lead in single-core tests, at the cost of a major defeat in multi-core tests. The Core i5-7600K does not have Hyper-Threading, which means its four cores can each handle only one processing thread. The 1600X, meanwhile, can handle 12 threads. Overall, the Ryzen 5 1600X packs a lot of performance into a slimmed-down price point. Its numerous cores and threads may not matter in all situations, but they matter a lot in some. And the 1600X’s disadvantage in single-core performance isn’t so drastic that that it becomes uncompetitive with Intel’s hardware. Gaming Mid-range enthusiast hardware is often built for gaming. It’s a demanding task, and one that requires the right balance of performance across many components. We hooked up both an EVGA SC GTX 980 Ti and an AMD Radeon RX 480, and ran the internal benchmarks in For Honor and Sid Meier’s Civilization VI, as well as the 3DMark Time Spy test, the latter two of which were run in DirectX 12. The GPU is always the biggest factor in most modern games, and none of the CPUs in our test results should limit a single-GPU setup, particularly with our mid-to-high performance test cards. For Honor demonstrates that, as the gap between worst performance and best performance is less than 10 percent. A difference that’s likely to go unnoticeable. The Ryzen 5 1600X games almost as well as the Ryzen 7 1700 and Intel Core i7-7700K. Sid Meier’s Civilization VI is a different story. It puts a lot more strain on the CPU than most games, and the differences between the chips are clearer. The Ryzen 5 1600X sets itself apart from the less expensive 1500X once again, particularly with the graphics turned to extreme, where it only falls in second to the Intel Core i7-7700K system. The extra cores and power also come in handy running the 3DMark Time Spy benchmark. The final score takes CPU performance into account to an extent, and the Ryzen 5 1600X falls, once again, closer to the Ryzen 7 chips than the Ryzen 5 1500X. Overall, there’s little to no risk of the Ryzen 5 1600X holding back performance in most modern titles, unless they’re particularly demanding for the CPU. It’s clear that the 1600X is not the fastest gaming processor around, but its price easily excuses its minor disadvantage compared to Intel hardware. Overclocking We tested the Ryzen 5 1600X with the AMD Wraith Max cooler. It had a modest sized fan atop a generous heatsink, turned on its side to keep a low profile. There was even an RGB ring around the interior edge of the fan — fancy! Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Ryzen chips come out of the box in normal mode, with XFR enabled, and automatic voltage regulation. A bevy of sensors runs a quick check of the thermal and power limitations on the chip, and sets the clock speed of the chip accordingly. With our 750 Watt power supply, X370 chipset, and Wraith Max cooler, it ran at 3.7GHz base, 100MHz over its base clock. When Ryzen Master adjusts the settings on the chip, it disables XFR and automatic voltage regulation in favor of user settings. Overclocking is easy thanks to the Ryzen Master software. It allows users to tweak clock speeds, voltages, shut off cores, and load all the settings into presets that are easy to flip between without resetting the system. We pushed the Ryzen 5 1600X from its base clock to 3.9GHz with a bump to 1.4 volts on the chip, and 1.0V on the chipset. Overclocking provided some benefits in our tests, but not nearly the kind of stunning boosted performance we saw on the Ryzen 7 1700. The downsides, at least with a stock cooler, seem to outweigh the benefits. Disabling XFR prevents potentially higher clock speeds during single-core tests, and temperatures were much lower, and more consistent, without enabling the overclock mode. Unless fit it with an aftermarket cooler, you’re better off leaving it in normal mode, unless there’s a specific situation that necessitates turning off cores temporarily. Warranty information AMD covers the Ryzen 5 1600X with an industry standard three-year warranty. That doesn’t cover damage due to installation issues or improper overclocking, so make sure to handle with care. Our Take AMD continues to strike at Intel’s most popular chips with the Ryzen series, and the Ryzen 5 1600X renders a powerful cleave to the unlocked enthusiast Intel Core i5 and Core i7 chips. Packing competitive performance, extra cores, and a modern feature set into a $250 price point is no small feat, but the red team has taken on the challenge with noteworthy success. The DT Accessory Pack Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO CPU Cooler $30 Corsair Vengeance LPX 16GB DDR4 DRAM $125 ASUS ROG Crosshair VI Hero Motherboard $255 Samsung SM951 M.2 NVME SSD $200 Is there a better alternative? Within AMD’s own ranks, the Ryzen 5 1500X sits at just $190, with a lower 65W TDP and only four cores. The performance doesn’t keep up with this chip though, and the minor savings it offers isn’t worthwhile. Intel offers the Core i5-7600K for $20 less, but with the Ryzen 5 1600X falling so close to the Intel Core i7-7700K in terms of performance, AMD’s six-core option is worth considering. How long will it last? With six cores and a modern feature set, the Ryzen 5 1600X is built to last. Six cores may not mean as much now, but if multi-core reliance increases, this chip will be sitting pretty. AMD has also promised to continue using the AM4 socket at least through 2020, so you have a clear upgrade path a few years down the line. Should you buy it? Yes. Whether you’re encoding video, streaming and recording while gaming, or compressing and uncompressing large files, you’ll see a benefit from the extra cores and higher power draw on the Ryzen 5 1600X. Add that to a precisely targeted price point, and the result is a mid-range champion that’ll appeal to just about everyone looking to put together a powerful, yet affordable, PC.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment Podcast: The Voice Of Horizon Zero Dawn If You're Not Following Squirrel Girl On Twitter, You Are Not Living Your Best Life Nintendo Also Discontinues The Mini Famicom For Japan, But Only Temporarily  Here's The First Trailer For Star Wars: The Last Jedi Esports Overwatch's Most Popular Player Steps Back From Competing So He Can Stream More Overwatch Players Hear "I Need Healing" In Their Nightmares Un'Goro Expansion Makes Hearthstone More Random, Probably More Expensive The Best Taunt In Fighting Games Involves Tricky Musical Combos Xbox When Old Call Of Duty Comes To Xbox One, Malicious Hacks Come With It Watching GTA 5 Firefighters Try To Put Out Fires Is The Gift That Keeps On Giving Microsoft Tests Steam-Style Refunds For Xbox One There's A Reason Black Ops 2 Still Has So Many Fans PlayStation Cosmic Star Heroine Is Like A Cross Between Phantasy Star And Chrono Trigger Yooka-Laylee Glitch Lets You Skip Half The Game New Basketball Game Is Basically NBA Jam 2017 Yooka-Laylee Is Nostalgia Gone Wrong Nintendo Recent Switch Game Has A Surprising Feature: Emojis A New World Record For A Brutal Super Mario World Hack Splatoon 2 Already Seems Just As Disturbing As The First Nintendo Discontinues The NES Classic PC How Not To Cheat At League Of Legends AMD's Ryzen CPUs: Good For Games, Better For Everything Else Roguelike Lets You Kill Your Evil Twin With Mind Bullets A Game That Lets You Summon The Power Of Anime George Washington Mobile Puzzle Game Makes Folding Paper So Dang Satisfying Transformers: Forged To Fight Is Too Complex For Its Own Good TPG Is Building A New Mobile Phone Network Hearthstone's Volcanosaur Launches Early, Causes 24 Hours Of Mayhem In Real Life NES Classic's Ebay Price Triples, Surprising No One Four Real-World Games Designed To Be Played At Protests Talk Amongst Yourselves Bringing Sports Psychology To The Realm Of Video Games Retro ScribbleTaku ScribbleTaku ScribbleTaku Take A Deep Dive Into Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing! Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro NES Classic's Ebay Price Triples, Surprising No One When Old Call Of Duty Comes To Xbox One, Malicious Hacks Come With It Overwatch's Most Popular Player Steps Back From Competing So He Can Stream More Here's The First Trailer For Star Wars: The Last Jedi AMD's Ryzen CPUs: Good For Games, Better For Everything Else Alex Walker Apr 14, 2017, 11:00am ⋅ Filed to:  1500x 1600x 1800x amd Australian Stories cpus feature intel ryzen Share Image: Kotaku It's not often that the CPU market has any degree of disruption. And that was the logic behind the launch of AMD's Ryzen CPUs, with the chip manufacturer aiming to offer more performance by selling CPUs with more cores and threads than their Intel counterparts for less money. But as Australians well know, what represents good value overseas often represents something else entirely once the Australia Tax is applied. And just how good is the performance, anyway? I've been testing three of AMD's new CPUs: the Ryzen 7 1800X, the Ryzen 5 1600X and the Ryzen 5 1500X. The first is AMD's challenger to Intel's Broadwell-E chips, with 8 cores and 16 threads running at a base clock speeds of 3.6GHz, boosting up to 4Ghz when needed. An 1800X will set you back around $670 or $680 from local retailers, before shipping. By comparison, Intel's 8-core Broadwell E CPUs cost at least $1470 locally. The 5 series chips are targeted at the more mainstream market, particularly those looking at buying an i5 series CPU for gaming. The 1600X is a hexacore CPU running at the same clock speeds as the 1800X, with 6 cores and 12 threads. Starting from $359, it's priced in between Intel's four core, four thread i5-7600K CPU (from $314), and the slightly beefier 4 core, 8 thread i7-7700 (from $392). The challenger to Intel's i5-7600K, as far as price is concerned anyway, is the Ryzen 5 1500X. Running at 3.5GHz/3.7GHz and sporting four cores and eight threads, you can get the 1500X for $275 from local retailers. That puts it directly in competition with Intel's locked i5-7500 4 core/4 thread CPU, and also makes it an attractive buy over the quad-core i5-7400, which runs at 3.0GHz/3.5Ghz and has the same amount of cores and threads. The Ryzen 5 1600X CPU. (Image: Techspot) The main thing to takeaway, and one of AMD's angles of attack, is the idea of the amount of cores, and threads, your CPU has. The more cores your CPU has, the more workload your system can handle at once, at least in theory. In practice, games and programs have gotten better at using more cores and threads in a users system. They've still not quite become as efficient as non-gaming applications at gobbling up extra cores and threads, like the Adobe suite, specialist video encoders, 3D renders and heavy computational tasks can. If you've got more cores, all of these tasks run noticeably faster. From a gaming perspective, however, the most important factor still is clock speed. And while some games are better equipped to take advantage of systems with more CPU cores and threads, like Ashes of the Singularity and the ever-growing crop of games with DirectX 12 and Vulkan support, the majority still run just fine on quad-core systems. And herein is the biggest problem facing gamers with AMD's Ryzen. Team Red might have a good argument when it comes to people who do a little bit of everything, but just how good are the Ryzen CPUs for the thing gamers do most? Specifications AMD running a side-by-side test of a Ryzen system against an Intel CPU One of the big advantages of AMD's new platform for Ryzen CPUs, AM4, is that every CPU uses the same socket. That basically means you can use the one motherboard and not worry about having to replace it in a few years time when you want to get the latest Ryzen CPU. AMD has promised to keep using AM4 all the way until 2020, although most people don't typically upgrade their machine within three years anyway. On a more practical note, this makes testing a little easier since only the CPU has to be swapped out. Here's the testing machine used. Note that I had to use a beta version of the BIOS for the Gigabyte motherboard for better support, although AMD has since released an AGESA update to all manufacturers and your motherboard manufacturer should have an update available on their website. Ryzen 7 1700X (3.6GHz/4.0GHz) / Ryzen 5 1600X (3.6GHz/4.0GHz) / Ryzen 5 1500X (3.5Ghz/3.7GHz) Gigabyte AX370 Gaming 5 (F5d BIOS) GEIL EVOX 16GB DDR4-RAM 3200Mhz Samsung 850 EVO 1TB SSD Gigabyte GTX 1080 G1 Gaming Windows 10 Pro 64-bit All three CPUs were tested with the DDR4-RAM running at 2933MHz, as recommended by AMD. There were some issues when the Ryzen 7 CPUs first launched with memory stability, but those have been improved since launched and the latest BIOS updates should rectify them completely. Benchmarks Image: The Game Awards/Youtube Every system is different, and every part of a system can have an impact on that system's performance. So factor that into account - and if you're looking at purchasing a system, read as many benchmarks and graphs as you can! No two CPUs, GPUs, sticks of RAM, or hard drives are the same. Performance can vary from one component to the next, but the more information you have the better overall picture you'll get. Most of the tests here focus on Ryzen's gaming performance, although there are a couple of synthetic benchmarks to help build out a broader picture. I'm not fortunate enough to have access to multiple generations of AMD and Intel CPUs to do a wider set of testing. Some notes about the above: the Cinebench R15 test was the multi-threaded version, not the single threaded performance variant. The latter does a better job of highlighting the power of the higher clock speeds on Intel CPUs (or read another way, the weakness of Ryzen CPUs), but it's also less realistic in regards to how people would actually use programs of that ilk in a working environment. For what it's worth, the Cinebench speeds were pretty in line with the performance achieved by Techspot, which allowed their Ryzen 1600X and 1500X review to be republished by Kotaku. We'll post that in full over the public holiday, but here's a shot of their Cinebench score so you can get a better picture: Image: Techspot Making Sense Of It All Image: Twitter (@amd) What the Ryzen CPUs really excel at right now is tests and programs calibrated to take advantage of as many cores and threads a CPU has. That's Photoshop. Premiere Pro. Video encoders like Handbrake. Streaming software. Excel. 3D renderers. Games are getting there, and the performance in DOOM is a taste of the future. As my previous testing showed when the Radeon RX 480 and 470 launched last year, playing modern titles at 4K doesn't necessarily have to come with massive compromises in image quality. But in general, and this is something that's borne out by every piece of news I've seen about Ryzen over the last two months, Intel still holds an edge when it comes to out and out performance in video games. It's understandable: games tend to benefit more from higher clock speeds than they do an increased amount of CPU cores and threads. Quad-core CPUs, according to Steam's monthly surveys, are the most common processors amongst the gaming populace, and it makes sense that developers build their games on hardware, and for hardware, that accommodates for that. Over time, however, that situation will change. It's a natural technological evolution - but it's also a forced one, thanks to the competition AMD has brought to the market. The Ryzen CPUs are more competitive at the higher end in Australia, although that's partially due to Intel cutting the price of their mid-tier CPUs and also releasing the i3-7350K, which overclocks superbly and can offer solid, affordable performance in games. But here's the major catch. As soon as you stop gaming and try to do anything else - unzip a major file, do some image work in Photoshop, encode a video or two for YouTube, or try to stream anything - the i3-7350K becomes a lot less appealing. It's good at doing one thing well, but far less so if that application has good support for multi-threading, and especially if you use your PC like everyone else does - a machine that can perform multiple demanding tasks at once. And this is where the argument for the Ryzen CPUs start to kick in. If you're someone that just uses your PC to game, and does nothing else besides a bit of light browsing, then the Intel CPUs offer the best performance outright. But it's not necessarily the best value, especially where the 1800X is concerned. And as more games adopt more modern APIs like DirectX 12 and Vulkan (the former especially, as anyone developing a game for Project Scorpio will want to take advantage of the features hard-baked into the console), systems with more CPU cores and threads will shine. There's also the reality that the vast majority of developers are more accustomed to building games on, or for, Intel hardware. The PS4 and Xbox One is obviously built using AMD hardware, but most PC gamers use Intel CPUs and NVIDIA graphics cards. AMD has played second fiddle for the last few years, and with good reason. Valve's Steam Survey: Windows 10 Is Popular, VR Is Not Steam has finally published its latest findings across its gargantuan platform, and as you'd expect there's some interesting tidbits about millions upon millions of gamers who use the service. Read more But since the launch of Ryzen, the dial has changed a fraction. A fortnight ago, Stardock issued an update for Ashes of the Singularity: Escalation that added a noticeable bump to performance. Some sites saw a 20% or 30% increase in performance at 1080p, while others saw more limited gains around 10%. Systems vary, of course. But what was interesting was this quote from Oxide Games' Dan Baker, who hit the nail on the head when it comes to the reality for AMD fans: Every processor is different on how you tune it, and Ryzen gave us some new data points on optimisation ... we’ve invested thousands of hours tuning Intel CPUs to get every last bit of performance out of them, but comparatively little time so far on Ryzen. Another side of the same coin: having had the market advantage for aeons, Intel has lots and lots of money to throw at edge case scenarios that result in better performance, tuning and familiarity with game engines and developers. AMD doesn't have that same luxury, and with good reason: their previous CPUs weren't good enough. In other words: if you've just built a PC in the last year or two, you definitely shouldn't be thinking about an upgrade. Over the next year or two, that will change. I'd expect the situation within studios to change a little as well: developers are one of the target markets for whom the Ryzen CPUs, especially the 1800X, make the most sense. Not are they only playing games as much as anyone else, they're also programming, building complex 3D renders, compiling builds, streaming, encoding video. Put simply: more developers will be likely to buy the 1800X, because the performance is good enough and the difference in price is substantial enough. That will result in more familiarity with the Zen architecture that will result in improved performance, and stability, for AMD systems. That said, there's also an unspoken rule to PC building: you should always make a judgement on today's performance at the price you can afford. There are no guarantees that driver updates or developer patches will get you the extra frame rate you need to play Watch Dogs 2 at 4K. Or ArmA 3 at 60fps. Or whatever game it is you're interested in. But you don't have to look far into the future to know that a CPU with 4 cores and 8 threads will hold up much better in 2018, 2019 and 2020 than an i3 or i5 dual-core or quad-core system. And there's another advantage I haven't mentioned either: the flexibility of the AM4 platform. AMD has pledged to support Zen all the way out until 2020, meaning you can build a Ryzen system today and then grab a new CPU in 2019 or 2020 without having to upgrade the motherboard, RAM, and so on. Enthusiast PC gamers upgrade their GPU every two or three years, but they don't upgrade their CPU as often. Part of the reason is practicality: swapping a GPU in and out is far less of a pain in the arse than swapping out a CPU. And many PC fans will often upgrade their CPU in tandem with their motherboard, partially due to compatibility (needing a new CPU socket, for instance). But this matters little to people today, so let's simplify the pitch. First of all, AMD is back. There's no doubt about it: having been in a position where there was no reason to consider an AMD CPU before, there are now plenty of reasons to do so, across multiple points in the market. Intel still holds the lead in gaming, however. A good example can be seen in our benchmarks from last year. Our testbench machine was an i7-4790K with much older parts, but the improvement using the newer Ryzen CPUs, and faster RAM, isn't that substantial. If you're upgrading from that generation of hardware, you can comfortably wait until Intel's Cannon Lake CPUs come out, or until 2018 when the next Zen CPU hits the market. For those building a PC now, it's worth considering the 1500X and 1600X. The 1600X runs at the same base and boost clock speeds as the 1800X, and performs just as well in today's games for almost half the price. And having the six cores and 12 threads gives it a leg up on the price-equivalent Intel rivals in streaming and all-around productivity. The i7-7700K is a touch faster in games - but it also costs at least $100 more, money that could be spent on a better GPU. (The difference between an RX 470 and a RX 480 or GTX 1060, for example, is around $40.) So the end question is, are you a gamer? Or are you a gamer who likes to stream, likes to record video, spends time in Photoshop, touches up photography on the side, and so forth? The more you find yourself falling in the latter camp, the better value a Ryzen CPU becomes. WATCH MORE: PC Gaming News Comments Gung-ho @gung-ho Apr 14, 2017, 12:32pm Ages ago I predicted that Ryzen would be a little bit behind in games however when you start throwing in other tasks than Ryzen will become overall superior whilst being cheaper and that is basically what has happened. Note - if you game and multitask something else (as in gaming whilst recording/encoding/streaming/other tasks) then the gaming performance of Ryzen can eclipse Intel. Reply 0 justachap @justachap Apr 14, 2017, 1:06pm Nooby question: I'm gonna assume upgrading from a i7 3770 to a Ryzen 5 1600X would be a good upgrade? Reply 0 Alex Walker @alexwalker AUTHOR Apr 14, 2017, 1:20pm It'd be a decent one, although not a massive one in games (but certainly in every other facet of your system). You'd have to replace RAM and motherboard as well though, so it'll be a replacing a fair chunk of your PC. Reply 0 justachap @justachap Apr 15, 2017, 10:52am Yeah i have some new RAM ready, just need to pick up new motherboard. Reply 0 riddick @riddick Apr 14, 2017, 1:32pm The 1600x comes with no cooler, so slap on a extra $30-60a for that. I'm thinking of just getting the 1600 because it comes with cooler and people have been getting 3.9-4.0 out of them quite easily. The 1600x has been maxing out at 4.1ghz so the extra $80-100a expense isn't worth it in my opinion. Just waiting for some ITX boards to show up. Reply 0 Alex Walker @alexwalker AUTHOR Apr 14, 2017, 2:57pm You're pretty much in the same boat with any CPU you buy though; you should always get an aftermarket cooler, even if it's something budget (Hyper 212 usually does the job). Reply 0 g-man @g-man Apr 14, 2017, 5:57pm Always getting an after market cooler is a scam. For anything but over clocking factory is fine. Intel or amd would not make a cooler that isn't up to the task of cooling their cpu's, why would you make a product that would cause your other one to fail? Compared to cheaper coolers they are often quieter and of better quality too. Reply 0 Alex Walker @alexwalker AUTHOR Apr 14, 2017, 6:41pm The stock coolers work, but they're noisy and not as efficient at cooling your CPU as something from, say, Noctua or a Corsair watercooled loop. That's been the case for at least the last decade. On top of that, Ryzen is setup to automatically boost your CPU harder depending on how good your cooling system is through XFR. Plus, if you're buying the Ryzen 7 CPUs (1700X, 1800X) you'll need to get an aftermarket offering anyway; they don't ship with a stock cooler. Reply 0 Virus @virus__ Apr 14, 2017, 9:31pm I dunno that one that comes with the err, 1700? Or can you only buy that separately? Is an awesome stock cooler. Kyle over at BitWit did a pretty good indepth video on it. Plus RGB MAN! Reply 0 Marees Guest Apr 14, 2017, 6:37pm The 1600x is 95 watts but 1600 is 65 watts. This should make a difference in situations when the CPU gets stressed out such as demanding game or demanding scenes. If you don't mind buying your own cooler, then I would suggest that you go for the 1600x. Reply 0 Camm @camm Apr 14, 2017, 4:57pm Heh. And then you fall into my camp, waiting to see AMDs HEDT platform likely launching mid year. 16 cores quad channel with a larger fabric would be yummy. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Nintendo Discontinues The NES Classic Jason Schreier 14 Apr 2017 7:00 AM Nintendo has abruptly decided to end North American production of the NES Classic, one of their most popular items in years, the company said today. Here's The First Trailer For Star Wars: The Last Jedi Jason Schreier 15 Apr 2017 7:00 AM Straight out of the Star Wars Celebration in Orlando, Florida today, here's the first trailer for the next Star Wars film, The Last Jedi, which comes out on December 15. Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Master Raspberry Pi With This Hands-On Training Bundle Read Deals: The Dash Cam Deal You've Been Looking For Deals: Kickstart Your Coding Career With This Java Training Bundle Deals: Check Out This Futuristic Bluetooth Speaker Trending Articles 1 Nintendo Discontinues The NES Classic 2 Here's The First Trailer For Star Wars: The Last Jedi 3 If You're Not Following Squirrel Girl On Twitter, You Are Not Living Your Best Life If You See Just One Sun-Baked Apocalyptic Love Story (With Cannibals), Make It The Bad Batch Watch The Deep-Frozen, Scifi Crime Thriller Fortitude And Thank Us Later Data Analyst Reveals The Secret To Highly Successful Reddit Comments Why Did Nintendo Just Kill One Of Its Coolest Products In Years? Podcast: The Voice Of Horizon Zero Dawn If You're Not Following Squirrel Girl On Twitter, You Are Not Living Your Best Life Nintendo Also Discontinues The Mini Famicom For Japan, But Only Temporarily  Recent Switch Game Has A Surprising Feature: Emojis Hoyts Needs To Lift Its Game If It Wants Our Money Use Your Facebook Habit As Inspiration To Read More Books Your Guide To All The Devastating Weapons You Hear About In The News How To Keep Your Diet Healthy This Easter Trump lawyers have a new argument to fight a lawsuit filed by protesters injured at a campaign rally 10 ways to set yourself up for success before 9 a.m. North Korea celebrated its founder's birthday with an extravagant military display I recently flew on an all-business-class airline I had never heard of, and it was one of the best travel experiences I've ever had © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Neil Gorsuch ObamaCare Just In... Megyn Kelly left Fox News in part due to O’Reilly: report News — 3h 52m ago Google searches spike for 'World War 3' amid heightened tensions abroad Blog Briefing Room — 4h 27m ago Report: GOP pressuring House rep to stay out of race against Heitkamp Senate — 5h 10m ago DHS head: North Korea more of a cyber threat Cybersecurity — 6h 18s ago Obama WH photographer mocks Trump for keeping visitor logs secret Blog Briefing Room — 6h 25m ago Trump, RNC fundraising tops $42M in 2017: report Administration — 6h 31m ago Secret Service has spent $35,000 on golf cart rentals since inauguration: report Blog Briefing Room — 6h 47m ago CENTCOM: Afghanistan bombing statements were 'inappropriate' Defense — 7h 10m ago view all   Trump picks critic of Ex-Im Bank to lead it By Megan R. Wilson and Vicki Needham - 04/14/17 07:05 PM EDT 909   © Greg Nash President Donald TrumpDonald TrumpHouse Intel Dem visits Cyprus for Russia probe Trump picks critic of Ex-Im Bank to lead it Trump to speak at NRA leadership forum MORE on Friday announced his intent to nominate former Rep. Scott GarrettScott GarrettTrump picks critic of Ex-Im Bank to lead it House GOP targets Dems over ObamaCare during recess Huizenga to chair influential subcommittee overseeing Wall Street MORE, a Republican from New Jersey, for president of the Export-Import Bank. While in Congress, Garrett voted against reauthorizing the bank and said that it “embodies the corruption of the free enterprise system.” If confirmed, Garrett would serve a four-year term at the helm of the bank, which aims to make U.S. exports more competitive around the world by lending money to foreign buyers. Trump is also nominating another former lawmaker to the bank: Spencer BachusSpencer BachusTrump picks critic of Ex-Im Bank to lead it Spencer Bachus: True leadership The FDA should approve the first disease-modifying treatment for Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy MORE of Alabama, who once led the financial services panel. Bachus, who served on Capitol Hill from 1993 to 2014 and supported the bank’s reauthorization. Trump opposed the Ex-Im Bank on the campaign trail, but he did an about-face this week, saying he now supports it. “Instinctively, you would say, ‘Isn’t that a ridiculous thing,’ ” the president told The Wall Street Journal. “But actually, it’s a very good thing. And it actually makes money, it could make a lot of money.” Conservative groups including Club for Growth, Heritage Action and Americans for Prosperity have long opposed the bank, saying it promotes crony capitalism. Garrett faced a tough reelection battle last year and ended up losing his seat, despite strong support from conservative outside groups like Club for Growth. During the two-year election cycle, his top contributors were individuals who worked at Club for Growth, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. Garrett served in Congress from 2003 to 2016 and served on both the House Budget Committee and the House Financial Services Committee. He railed against the bank during a floor speech in October 2015, when Congress let the bank’s charter expire after GOP infighting about whether it should be reauthorized. “We have the opportunity to save capitalism from cronyism. … We have the opportunity to keep the export-import bank out of business, and we should take those opportunities,” Garrett said in opposition a measure to revive the bank. “The Export-Import Bank transformed the role of government from a disinterested referee in the economy into a biased actor that uses your taxpayer dollars to tilt the scales in favor of its friends.” Conservatives in Congress ultimately won a temporary shutdown of Ex-Im that lasted for nearly six months. The charter was reauthorized in December of 2015 after a group of House Democrats and Republicans teamed up to employ a rarely used procedural move that let the bank lend again. But the board has remained understaffed and the Republican-led Senate refused to consider President Obama’s nominees. The bank’s board has been short the three people needed for the five-member board to approve deals worth more than $10 million. With a board shortage, the 82-year-old agency authorized only $5 billion in financing in fiscal 2016, the lowest level in nearly 40 years, compared with $20 billion in 2014, the last year the bank was fully operational. There is about $30 billion worth of deals stuck in the pipeline that could be completed with a quorum. Congressional supporters of the bank failed last year to revive the higher lending limit. Large companies including Boeing, General Electric and Caterpillar generally benefit most from the bank's financing.   - Updated at 7:19 p.m. Tags Spencer Bachus Scott Garrett Donald Trump   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Megyn Kelly left Fox News in part... O'Reilly publicly criticized Kelly for discussing sexual harassment claims... 184 Shares 2 Stealth caucus gains ground in... In President Trump’s White House, it’s better to not be seen or heard — at... 168 Shares 3 Surprise! Now the establishment is... President Trump is suddenly winning positive reviews from a Washington... 156 Shares 4 FLASHBACK: Trump hammered Obama... A 2012 tweet by Donald Trump accusing then-President Barack Obama of... 143 Shares 5 Clinton campaign plagued by... The following is an excerpt adapted from “Shattered: Inside Hillary... 128 Shares 6 Battle intensifies between Trump’s... The battle between the CIA and WikiLeaks is intensifying.CIA Director Mike... 112 Shares 7 Nationwide marches set to protest... Tens of thousands of people are expected to attend rallies on Saturday... 85 Shares 8 Report: Body of country's first... The body of the United States’ first ever female Muslim judge was found... 79 Shares 9 US may launch strike if North... The U.S. is reportedly ready to launch a preemptive strike against North... 70 Shares 10 ACLU: Trump's refusal to release... The American Civil Liberties Union is denouncing President Trump's... 65 Shares 11 Sanders wins big with free public... While President Trump has as many changing positions  as an Octopus has... 64 Shares 12 Trump administration won't release... The Trump administration will not voluntarily disclose logs of visitors to... 55 Shares 13 North Korean official warns of... A top North Korean official is threatening a preemptive strike against the... 53 Shares 14 Secret Service has spent $35,000... The Secret Service has spent more than $35,000 on golf cart rentals at... 50 Shares 15 Japanese PM warns of possible... Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Thursday said that North Korea could... 48 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Windows 10 Windows Phones Windows 10 Mobile Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 Surface Pro 4 Surface Book The Xbox Lounge Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors AskDan! Laptop Reviews Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Buyers Guide Editorials Podcast Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad What could have been Microsoft's canceled Lumia 750 gets video walkthrough Proactive protection What Windows users need to know about the latest 'ShadowBrokers' exploits LIVE PODCAST Join us LIVE for the Windows Central Video Podcast today at 2:30PM ET Buyer's guide How to find the version of Windows that's perfect for you Windows Build 16176 for PC and 15204 for Mobile now rolling out to Insiders < > Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Tip us on News! Shop: Surface Studio | New Surface Book | Xbox One S Bundles | NEW Dell XPS 13" New Surface and Cloud What we expect from Microsoft's Spring hardware event on May 2nd By Zac Bowden Friday, Apr 14, 2017 at 1:33 pm EDT 71 Comments Microsoft is holding a hardware event on May 2nd, here's what we're expecting the company to announce, and what we're not expecting them to announce. In just a few short weeks, Microsoft will be holding a hardware event in New York City, in which the company is expected to unveil new hardware and talk about Windows 10 and the cloud, with a focus on the education market. Unlike previous hardware events, we're expecting this one to be toned down dramatically when it comes to new hardware. So, what do we expect to be announced? Well first, it's probably a smart idea to cross off the things we know won't be announced. According to our sources, both a Surface Pro 5 and Surface Book 2 are off the table for announcement on May 2nd. It's also incredibly unlikely that we'll see a Surface Studio refresh so soon. Oh, and definitely no Surface Phone. What's more, considering Microsoft's own BUILD developer conference is a week later, we probably won't be hearing about any future Windows versions just yet. So Project NEON, My People, etc. are all off the cards, unless Windows 10 Cloud is part of Redstone 3, which we don't think is the case. A new non-pro Surface We're expecting Microsoft to unveil some kind of new non-pro Surface device on May 2nd, aimed at the education market running Windows 10 Cloud. It's currently unclear what form-factor this device will take, however if recent rumors are anything to go by, it may be a traditional laptop style device without a detachable display. It could also end up being a successor to the Surface 3, with that traditional tablet form-factor with a detachable keyboard. I'm hoping for the former, however. Considering this device is aimed at the education market, we assume Microsoft will want to keep the cost of this thing on the cheaper side. That doesn't necessarily mean it'll be super affordable, we're thinking somewhere along the lines of Surface 3 pricing. Remember, with the Surface line, Microsoft want to show other hardware makers how to build the best hardware possible, not undercut them with premium, low-cost devices. It's unclear how well spec'd the new Surface will be. It could be a mid-ranger, sporting an Intel Core Y processor (formally known as Core M chips), or maybe something a little more beefy such as an Intel Core i5 or i7. Maybe, it'll rock an Intel ATOM or even ARM processor, although we're not expecting Windows 10 on ARM to be ready until the fall. In regards to its name? CloudBook is the rumor. We're not so sure, but CloudBook would make sense considering this new non-pro Surface is supposed to be lightweight, and run Windows 10 Cloud. It may end up being called the Surface 4 however. Windows 10 Cloud We're also expecting Microsoft to officially unveil Windows 10 Cloud on May 2nd. Windows 10 Cloud is a new edition of Windows 10 that has been in the works alongside the Creators Update, and is a special version of Windows 10 that's locked to the Windows Store for all your apps and games, this means you can't download programs from the web. If an app you want is in the Windows Store, then it'll run just fine on Windows 10 Cloud. Apps like Evernote, Slack and Photoshop Elements will all run on Windows 10 Cloud as they're available in the Store, but apps like Google Chrome won't. If you do want to run apps from outside the Store on Windows 10 Cloud, you can purchase an upgrade to Windows 10 Pro directly from the Windows Store. Windows 10 Cloud won't be a version of Windows you can buy on store shelves, but rather will be an edition of Windows 10 available to hardware makers for pre-loading on to their own hardware. Cloud will benefit mostly at the low-end of the laptop/tablet market, however it isn't limited to low-end devices. Hardware makers, if they so please, can pre-load high-end devices with Windows 10 Cloud too, something we expect Microsoft to do with its new non-pro Surface. Office 2016 Centennial In the light of a version of Windows 10 that's locked to the Windows Store, we're expecting Microsoft to officially announce that Office 2016 is coming to Windows 10 via Centennial apps, available in the Store. We already know this is coming, as the leaked Windows 10 Cloud builds have Word 2016, PowerPoint 2016 and Excel 2016 all pinned to the Start menu by default, but clicking them takes you to an empty page in the Store. Office 2016 coming to the Windows Store means devices running Windows 10 Cloud won't be missing out on the full Office experience, and won't have to use the far more limited Office Mobile apps. I'd also say the ability to one-click install an app as complicated as Word or PowerPoint is super convenient to the user. Another benefit of bringing Office 2016 to the Windows Store is that you'll no longer have to download the entire suite if you just want to use Word 2016. Each app will have their own Store page and install buttons, which is excellent. Joe Belfiore! Joe Belfiore recently announced that he was back at Microsoft and working on improving the education market with Windows 10. Considering this hardware event is focused heavily on education, we wouldn't be surprised to see Joe Belfiore make an appearance to show us what the deal is with Windows 10 Cloud. It would be the first time Joe Belfiore has made a public appearance for Microsoft since his year sabbatical, so it'll be exciting to see him on stage. If not Joe Belfiore, we'll definitely be seeing Satya Nadella at the event. What do you expect? That's what we're expecting will show up on May 2nd, but what are you expecting or hoping to see? Let us know! Reader comments What we expect from Microsoft's Spring hardware event on May 2nd 71 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating Azeez Abubakre WM10 crying 😢 9 12 hours ago Reply Scabrat True... But Windows mobile strategy is just getting wings again! =D 5 12 hours ago Reply abduz For all we know, windows cloud could be the new mobile that runs on cloudbooks and cloudphones ...long stretch but i dont see why not since current WM we can only install apps from store as well. If anything having it run on mobile and cloudbooks could boost apps since cloudbooks will be more affordable than normal tablets/books. 0 6 hours ago Reply Mohammed Bugedwala "Oh, and definitely no Surface Phone." 😔 2 12 hours ago Reply R3mis Waiting for another article on how great the Surface Phone will need to be. LOL. I'm really wondering, do people actually still believe that the Surface Phone will come? -1 8 hours ago Reply James Allatt I do but i also think it will be abit like the lumia 950xl created for the fans. I want to see Microsoft bring out a phone again but on the flip side i don't know if i would buy one due to lack of apps i need. Games ect don't bother me but things like PayPal do. I am glad Microsoft support android though as this is my only other choice i don't like iOS but having outlook cortana groove ect on android means i don't find it as hard to move to as i can still use the same apps i had on wimo but also the apps that are missing like PayPal ect. 2 7 hours ago Reply abduz I bought a galaxy as my secondary phone for my work number, my 950 being my main ..but to be honest not only am I finding my galaxy to be more stable but even the MS apps work better. That said, I still love the Windows Mobile os and its simplicity as well as the live tile start screen, although it is starting to feel a bit dated since thr tiles dont do much. I do hope they release a Surface Phone but I dont think they will take that plunge in the current state of WM even though better now than later since they still have a userbase. 0 6 hours ago Reply bdball Doesn't Acer already use the term Cloudbook?  https://www.acer.com/ac/en/US/content/series/aspireonecloudbook11 1 12 hours ago Reply kenzibit Well, I will be bracing myself for the tragic announcement of W10M EOL. 0 12 hours ago Reply Link Kadeshi Why, because an event that focuses on education wont have a non-education device in it? Could you at least wait till Build before you start freaking out, and getting gloomy? 1 10 hours ago Reply MBA Collie Why not call it surface cloud? 0 12 hours ago Reply SeeVuPlay because clouds are made of vapor, ie, surfaceless 5 11 hours ago Reply ananve Lolz 1 5 hours ago Reply Mister Burns Response of the Day !!!! 0 3 hours ago Reply dkp23 its an OS not hardware 1 8 hours ago Reply Keith Wallace I'm pretty sure he means the device, nto the OS. Surface Cloud instead of Cloudbook. 0 8 hours ago Reply Mohammed Bugedwala Can't the Office Suit apps come in as a UWP app? :/ 0 12 hours ago Reply Arquimaes There are already some UWP Office apps (Word, Excel and Powerpoint), but they aren't as featured as the x86 counterparts. 1 7 hours ago Reply Mister Burns Centennial apps are uwp 0 3 hours ago Reply Mohammad Abaan Hussain Instead of all this and these tabs, why not make an mobile for students to study from which can be turned into a tablet using a tab-dock thing where the mobile can slide into a bigger screen (Tab) and power it using continnum. 1 12 hours ago Reply Philippe Majerus Really hope they'll make Skype Enterprise (pka Lync) available through the Store as well. Considering you need a user account on the server to connect anyway, I cannot understand why they want to keep the client distribution so limited instead of just including it in every distribution of Office so users can connect to their work unified communications infrastructure from home and personal devices. 3 11 hours ago Reply rollindice I'm not going with any expectations, I've learnt from Msft,just hoping they don't kill off w10m 0 11 hours ago Reply Mister Burns W10 cloud + c-shell + woa= w10m except the full power of big windows behind it. In essence, w10m is going w10m 2.0. w10m as we know it will not being going forward. Just maintaining. 1 3 hours ago Reply Dan12R One thing I wouldn't be surprised to see is this Surface 4 released in both Cloud and Home versions. Cloud would be sold through channels specific to schools while Microsoft would sell the Home version through traditional retail outlets (probably both through the Microsoft Store). This would give the hardware longer legs and would avoid people complaining because they didn't realize they had to buy an add-on to get the device they bought to work like they want. 2 11 hours ago Reply nohone I wish they would release a Surface Mini. I have been using an iPad mini for a few years, and fed up dealing with Apple. I need a small portable device, and would prefer it to be a Surface. 1 11 hours ago Reply dkp23 Probably never happening, best bet is to get one from another OEM.   0 8 hours ago Reply Endja So nothing to get too exciting about. #whatanopportunity -4 11 hours ago Reply Mad Cow MCD Yeah underwhelming, really hope they didn't schedule a last minute conference for win 10 cloud and an education book. But I can see joe pushing it to get himself out front again with his new project quickly. 0 6 hours ago Reply DjeTe Surface Schoolbook? 2 11 hours ago Reply Snowsky419 How will the Office 2016 apps from the Windows Store work regarding the purchase method? Will we have to pay for the full Office suite or an Office 365 subscription via the Store? 0 11 hours ago Reply Mister Burns You'll probably still have to pay for the full suite but download each app on your discretion . Remember, office 365 is tied to your account and the store will do the same usual normal checks it always does when going to an app page 0 3 hours ago Reply lumianok smart what about a small education surface around 12 or 13 inch with a 360° hinge? i guess that would be the most practical type of device for schools since you would always be able to have a comfortable pen experience possible while still having only ONE device (no detaching possible) so no confusion ... 0 11 hours ago Reply Fred_EM I expect no mentioning of W10M.   - 1 11 hours ago Reply Hoekie Why would it? 0 6 hours ago Reply aliencatos "definitely no Surface Phone" windows mobile is dying anyway... and MS don't look interested in it anymore...  -1 11 hours ago Reply lumianok smart I sill think calling it windows 10 cloud is a terrible idea and altough it sounds really nice and modern it will cause so many confusion about what it is capable of or what the restrictions are... :/ 5 11 hours ago Reply kingtigre A Penabled Surface 4 tablet possibly with LTE? I may have just found my "Surface Phone."  0 11 hours ago Reply drewsuruncle I don't expect much, but deep down inside I'm hoping MS is purposefully trying to downplay the event so we can be suprised with an exciting reveal of something awesome. I don't understand this educational cloudbook (whatever its called) that doesn't really have anything to do with the cloud. And if Surface as a brand, is supposed to be a premium showcase. Nothing says premium like a kid in a public school playing with your device! WTF If they just come out with some gimped windows laptop, I will be severly disappointed. I mean whats the point of this? To show OEM's? This is so f'n stupid. Why go throught all the trouble and expense of designing and building a hardware product to "show" your OEM's how to do it? Why not work with them directly and have them do the hardware like in the past. If MS think the OEM's are incapable, then why care what the OEM says when MS makes a superior product? What are they gonna do, go make Chromebooks? Guess what, they already do. It's time for MS to **** or get off the pot. Sorry I'm really in a foul mood today. 1 11 hours ago Reply Jcmg62 Sounds boring. Low end, non consumer devices and a modest office update. Nothing to see here 2 10 hours ago Reply Ricardo Dawkins What? You don't like the Cloud ? LOL 0 8 hours ago Reply crise It will be really boring with boring education **** and no word about mobile. Trust me. -1 10 hours ago Reply PeterFnet I really hope the rumors about the Surface Pro 5 not having USB-C are incorrect. 0 10 hours ago Reply Theophilus Tseng No mobile, no party. Cause I already have most of the devices, except Hololance and SStudio... And now I really want to see some hope for the mobile device before I have to use iPhone... 0 10 hours ago Reply Tito Saikale No Mobile News, no thanks👎. I think is more important Windows 10 Mobile than education features which only few schools in US will use it, like always. 1 9 hours ago Reply 78Bandit In the education field any hardware is going to have to be both durable and easily managed.  Microsoft will be targeting the general student pouplation and the computers are going to have to withstand the neglect and abuse the average student will cause. The management part seems like it will be taken care of by the limitation of Windows Cloud to run only Windows Store apps.  There should be a school wide dashboard that lists registered devices and which apps are to be installed.  Remotely triggered wipes will be initiated as needed with the computer restored to factory specs.  Easy peasy. The durable part is pretty much going to eliminate detachable keyboards and active digitizers with $100 pens.  Those will be way too easy to lose and too expensive to replace.  A traditional clamshell PC, possibly with a 180 degree hinge to allow it to fold back, combined with a capacative touchscreen to allow a basic $10 stylus to work with drawing and inking would seem to be the most logical choice.  I can see gorilla glass on the screen and a relatively small SSD for protection against the daily abuse. I don't think we'll see anything earth shattering for this "hardware" event.  What is introduced will probably look a lot like a Surface Book with a traditional hinge and permanently attached keyboard with a Celeron processor. 1 9 hours ago Reply ScubaDog This will be one of the biggest NON-events in Microsoft history.  Meanwhile--and this sickens me to say it--Apple is ramping up to completely smother Microsoft with whatever they're announcing, and Android will continue to dominate the market overall.  Windows Cloud is a non-starter, and a dumbed-down Surface will just make people even more disappointed we're not seeing a successor to the SP4. 2 9 hours ago Reply Hoekie Nope. Wrong again my friend. 0 6 hours ago Reply Demitryus I wonder if they would release the rumored "cloudbook" and the Surface 4, both running W10Cloud? Then they could push into the education market with laptop & tablet. 0 9 hours ago Reply Awhispersecho This is what I expect to happen. Both devices. 2 7 hours ago Reply Anthony Meluso Intune for Education will probably make its formal reveal here as well. Maybe MS is saving the big stuff to compete against Apple's fall hardware events, which could be pretty big. 0 9 hours ago Reply Jules Dias Does anyone remember windows RT? 0 9 hours ago Reply bdball Still use mine. Once the Cloud starts drying up it isn't quite as usefull anymore.  0 8 hours ago Reply MicrosoftWinPho Still using my original Surface RT. I absolutely love it! 0 8 hours ago Reply Jules Dias It's like RT all over again, I just want to hear Microsoft acknowledge the dying mobile division. 0 8 hours ago Reply Hoekie No. 0 6 hours ago Reply astondg Microsoft has started a number of times that they won't build hardware unless they can do something they feel is different and sets a device apart from what's already in the market. They like to build halo type devices and let the OEMs fill in the range. The current Surface tablet form factor is also awesome for education with inking for note taking (inc. support in OneNote for interpreting mathematic formulas) & multi-touch that lets you interact directly with content. I realise that cost is a big consideration in this market but if they they stick to a very traditional clamshell style notebook/laptop then I'll be disappointed. 2 9 hours ago Reply bdball I agree. Get the kids use to the Surface type device and then the'll want to upgrade to a Surface Pro or Surface Book.  0 8 hours ago Reply Hoekie My guess from from the guesses is a 360 degrees screen with inking capabilities. 0 6 hours ago Reply missionsparta Sounds.......Zzzzzzzzzzzzzz 0 8 hours ago Reply crise It sounds so boring, next year build won't be sold out anymore. 'We want people to love Windows' lmao. No mobile future no love. Go **** Microsoft. -2 8 hours ago Reply ananve Come on. This article is not about build. 0 4 hours ago Reply Keith Wallace Doesn't seem exciting at all. We're getting Windows RT 2.0 and what sounds like a failure to comepte with Chromebooks, if these rumors are accepted. They aren't going to compete with Chromebooks that run $300 with a $500 Surface, I wouldn't expect. At $500, there's no excuse for it to be a detachable device. Going with the Chromebook form factor and gutting the heart of Windows software from the OS, those are two big changes that justify a drop closer to $300. 0 8 hours ago Reply Hoekie OEMs can go lower in price with their 'çloudbook'. That's the purpose of MS hardware. And check Zac's comment upgradable to W10pro. 0 6 hours ago Reply graple No word on the Harmon Kardon Cortana device? Geeze Microsoft! 0 8 hours ago Reply Rabieo OMG when are they going to announce surface pro 5 I have been waiting for it since October 2016, should I just get the surface pro 4 or should I keep waiting? 0 7 hours ago Reply ananve Wait until Oct 17. 0 4 hours ago Reply Nokia5110 Been looking for a Windows version of this: https://www.asus.com/us/Phone/ASUS_PadFone_X_US/ Just saying my dreams. 0 6 hours ago Reply Hoekie 13-15" screen laptop with 360 degrees screen and upgradable to W10Pro sounds good to me. 0 6 hours ago Reply mathysbt I definitely hope Microsoft doesn't ruin the Surface (not Surface as a whole, but Surface as in the direction Microsoft went with the Surface 3). I wish Microsoft would release a refresh of the Surface 3 with LTE, GPS, maybe arm processor as long as it's full windows running (I'm fine with waiting till fall), but this mobile form factor is so perfect. It's a great compromise for businesses replacing an iPad with a device that isn't limited to apps. 0 3 hours ago Reply Mister Burns this is it! this is the "surface phone" announcement that's not a phone. but the mobile device with the hinged/foldable screen[s], surface pen integration that will be w10cloud + c shell+ woa that Microsoft positions as an competitor to chromebook in the classroom so there aren't any clashes in regards to competition with ios and android. They will even sell it as a lost to quickly gain mindshare, riding the momentum of a category-defining device and the parents, who wouldn't mind having for themselves, who want the best for their child would have no problem spending the money they were going to spend on a chromebook anyway. It keeps windows relevant in the education sector. It keeps windows relevant in the future because the young will be accustomed to using windows and want the aspirational cool new device. It keeps windows relevant in the consumer mind (parents) bc its the new category defining device. It keeps windows relevant by overcoming the hump of not being able to break into the "phone" market. Everyone who feels "burned" by Microsoft or unfamiliar or heavily entrenched in another ecosystem will surely not come if not given an incentive like an amazing category define for a low cost of entry. Well 'MS wont undercut oem partners' is irrelevant bc their partners aren't currently doing such things in the edu or mobile sector for windows. windows is dying and their is one company with the responsibility for keeping it alive. ms! and they chose edu. Microsoft's way back to the consumer market is through education; not smartphones, just like "a pc [running windows] in every home" was through businesses. This is microsoft's mobile play. Education fits their mantra of productivity and the mobility of experiences, now and into the future. ...its not a surface phone though 0 3 hours ago Reply kobe_mvp I need a 10 inch surface 0 0 sec ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Intel Editorial: For Self-Driving Cars, There’s Big Meaning Behind One Big Number: 4 Terabytes If 3,000 People Talked All at Once, Could You Understand What Each One Was Saying? Kathy Winter is vice president and general manager of the Automated Driving Division at Intel Corporation. (Photo: Intel Corporation) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Kathy Winter is vice president and general manager of the Automated Driving Division at Intel Corporation. (Photo: Intel Corporation) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Estimates show how much data different sensor sets on an autonomous vehicle will create. (Graphic: Intel Corporation) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 14, 2017 12:16 PM Eastern Daylight Time SANTA CLARA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--As an engineer, I love solving problems and using the “language of math” – or numbers – to understand the world we live in. With meaning beyond their stated numerical value, numbers add context to stories and challenges in a way that words alone cannot. Big numbers are interesting as their meaning is often much more complex than their sheer size might suggest. With one number in particular – 4 terabytes (TB) – this is especially true, and I’m excited about the meaning behind that number for the autonomous driving industry. First things first: Why that number? Four terabytes is the estimated amount of data that an autonomous car will generate in about an hour and a half of driving – or the amount of time a typical person spends in their car each day. By 2020, that’s also the amount of data that 3,000 individual internet users are expected to put out each and every day. It might not sound like much until you think of it in a different way: How many of us have 3,000 friends on Facebook? Now imagine trying to follow and absorb everything they all post each and every single day. If the interesting thing about the data created by a self-driving car was simply the amount of it, 4TB wouldn’t be very exciting. What makes “data the new oil” for autonomous driving – and what makes it a real challenge – is our need to make sense of that data, to turn it into actionable insight that lets cars think, learn and act without human intervention. Data that lets cars do the driving so that the 90 percent of the accidents caused by human error1 may one day be a thing of the past. Press Kit: Autonomous Driving at Intel Intel is a data company. We know how to create, move, store, process, analyze and manage data – at massive scale – and we’re applying this vast expertise to the autonomous driving industry. From experience, we also know the fastest way to solve the autonomous driving data challenge is through industry collaboration. While there’s a lot of work to do to deliver fully autonomous vehicles by 2021, I am confident that by working with the industry and our partners, together we can get it done. Autonomous driving data comes in three basic types: technical data, crowdsourced data and personal data. Technical data is perhaps most obvious. This data comes from a suite of sensors and is the car’s “view” of the world immediately around it. This data helps the car recognize a person or fire hydrant, “see” a new pothole, or maybe calculate how quickly a nearby car is approaching. This kind of technical data is also great for capturing new driving scenarios and pushing it to the cloud for learning and improving the software that controls driving behavior. When this kind of data goes to the cloud, it becomes incredibly valuable to other vehicles connected with that same cloud. Crowdsourced data is something that a community of local cars takes in from their surroundings, such as traffic or changes to the road conditions. You can imagine all kinds of cool applications that could use this kind of information, such as finding a nearby parking spot or avoiding traffic jams. Finally, there is personal data, including the radio stations you like to listen to, coffee shops you frequent, routes you prefer and so on. This type of data could be useful in creating the most amazing personalized experience in your autonomous vehicle. As the industry moves toward fully autonomous cars, data presents a number of challenges for the entire global industry. The first challenge goes back to that original number: 4TB. The exponentially growing size of the data sets necessitates an enormous amount of compute capacity to organize, process, analyze, understand, share and store. Think data center server compute power, not PC power. The need to train autonomous vehicles as quickly as possible presents another challenge. When new driving responses or situations are identified, machine learning, simulation and algorithm improvements must happen almost instantly – not weeks or months later – and updated driving models must be pushed to the cars immediately once available. When, where and how that happens has implications not just for today, but for the day when self-driving cars are the norm. There’s also the matter of data protection and what that means for consumers to eventually trust the autonomous experience. How we will achieve truly secure storage and sharing of data is a question I am asked about frequently and one we take very seriously. Which data gets stored? Which gets tossed? Which data sets get shared? And how will we protect it all? These are valid questions that will require industry collaboration and our best experts to address in a meaningful way. Finally, the data challenge grows over time as small fleets of vehicles eventually become hundreds of millions of vehicles. The ability to make this happen comes only through the ability to process increasingly larger data sets. True system scalability will be critical both inside our cars – back to that 4TB number – and outside our cars in massive data centers, as the self-driving supercomputer and the cloud that supports it continue to evolve. No one company can tackle these data challenges on its own. At Intel, we believe the best way to solve the autonomous driving data challenge is to do it collectively, to work together across the industry to develop secure state-of-the-art platforms and to share safety-related information. As we work toward a shared vision of a world without accidents and with mobility for all, industry collaboration will accelerate our ability to deliver. I am thrilled to be working with our Intel team and key partners on the 4TB challenge, as I know that solving this problem will lead to safer roads and a better journey for all. Kathy Winter is vice president and general manager of the Automated Driving Solutions Division at Intel Corporation. She joined Intel in 2016 from Delphi, where she engineered the first cross-country drive of a fully autonomous vehicle. This is the third in an occasional series of Intel newsroom editorials related to autonomous driving. To comment or reach Kathy directly, email autonomousdriving@intel.com. 1 National Motor Vehicle Crash Causation Survey, U.S. Department of Transportation, at 25 (2008), https://crashstats.nhtsa.dot.gov/Api/Public/ViewPublication/811059; http://cyberlaw.stanford.edu/blog/2013/12/human-error-cause-vehicle-crashes Contacts Intel Corporation Kathy Winter autonomousdriving@intel.com Contacts Intel Corporation Kathy Winter autonomousdriving@intel.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About Internet 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About Joel Lee Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update Yet Windows Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update Yet Joe Keeley Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 7 Friday Deals You Absolutely Don’t Want To Miss [US] Deals 7 Friday Deals You Absolutely Don’t Want To Miss [US] Amazon Deals April 14, 2017 14-04-2017 2 minutes 7 Friday Deals You Absolutely Don’t Want To Miss [US] Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Get all the Fast movies for $28, a giant USB charger for under $30, the Withings Activité Steel for a price you won’t believe, and much more! Fast & Furious: The Ultimate Ride Collection [Blu-ray] ($27.99, 72% Off) Fast & Furious: The Ultimate Ride Collection [Blu-ray] 1-7 Fast & Furious: The Ultimate Ride Collection [Blu-ray] 1-7 Buy Now At Amazon $27.99 This collection of seven Blu-Ray movies will get you hours and hours of Fast & Furious entertainment, including Tokyo Drift, the best of the lot. With the new movie set to hit theaters, there’s never been a better time to catch up on the tale of Han and friends. Personal opinion aside, there’s a lot of entertainment in the Fast franchise, and as long as you can ignore some of the ridiculous plot points and over-the-top nature of some of the action (I’m looking at you, safe scene from Fast Five), they really are quite enjoyable, especially at $28 for all of them. Seriously though, hit the comments and tell me which movie is your favorite! Dishonored 2 ($29.99, 50% Off) [UK] Dishonored 2 - Xbox One Standard Edition Dishonored 2 - Xbox One Standard Edition The Assassins: As fully voiced characters, Emily Kaldwin and Corvo Attano now bring their own perspectives and emotional responses to the world and story. Buy Now At Amazon $26.00 If you’re looking for something new to play, and you don’t feel like breaking the bank to spend $60 on a game, you can get Dishonored 2 for half-off for a limited time. The game received solid reviews when it launched, and it looks to build on the stealth-action mechanics from the first one. Lumina 15000 mAh Ultra Compact Portable Charger ($27.19, 22% Off) Lumina 15000 mAh Ultra Compact Portable Charger 2-Port External Battery Power Bank with High-Speed Charging Technology Lumina 15000 mAh Ultra Compact Portable Charger 2-Port External Battery Power Bank with High-Speed Charging Technology High powered 15,000 mAH capacity with two USB outputs: 5V 2.4A with a total max output of 5V 4.8A offers backup power for your devices while out of the house Buy Now At Amazon $26.99 You can get this large backup battery for under $30 today only. That’s just a super good price! CHUWI HiBox Smart Mini PC ($123.19 With Code R6CE49PD) CHUWI HiBox Smart Mini PC 4G 64G Quad Core Intel x5-Z8350 64bit Android 5.1 + Window 10 Dual OS 2.4G/5G Dual Band WiFi BT 4.0 CHUWI HiBox Smart Mini PC 4G 64G Quad Core Intel x5-Z8350 64bit Android 5.1 + Window 10 Dual OS 2.4G/5G Dual Band WiFi BT 4.0 Very Portable Mini Size Computer/TV Box, Equipped with Intel Cherry Trail Quad Core Processor and Intel Gen8 HD Graphics. Buy Now At Amazon $139.99 We actually just reviewed the HiBox Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Chuwi is throwing its name into the mini PC space with its HiBox Hero. It's quite reasonably priced, coming with a $130 price tag from GearBest. Read More , and we were quite positive on what it offered, even at full price. Getting for $123.19 is definitely a worthwhile buy! AUKEY Car Charger ($8.99, with code PGR948US) [UK] AUKEY Car Charger with 5V/3A USB C & Quick Charge 3.0 Dual-Port for Samsung S7/Edge, Nexus 5X/6P and More AUKEY Car Charger with 5V/3A USB C & Quick Charge 3.0 Dual-Port for Samsung S7/Edge, Nexus 5X/6P and More Refuel devices up to 4x faster than conventional charging with Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 Buy Now At Amazon $19.99 If your phone supports Quick Charge 3.0, you can get this car charger for an absurd price. Normally, it sells for $20, but if you use the code PGR948US at checkout, you’ll get it for only $9. That’s a giant discount! AUKEY USB Charger with Dual Quick Charge 3.0 Port & 8 USB Ports ($27 With Code AUKEYQC3) AUKEY USB Charger with Dual Quick Charge 3.0 Port & 8 USB Ports for Smartphones - White AUKEY USB Charger with Dual Quick Charge 3.0 Port & 8 USB Ports for Smartphones - White Charge compatible devices up to 4 times faster with Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 Technology Buy Now At Amazon $36.99 This giant USB charger has two Quick Charge 3.0 ports and eight standard USB ports. You, your closest friends, and those random people you’ve never met who seem to be hanging around for no reason can all charge your devices at once. Withings Activité Steel ($82.59 After 30% Coupon) [UK] Withings Activité Steel - Activity and Sleep Tracking Watch Withings Activité Steel - Activity and Sleep Tracking Watch Activity tracking: steps, distance, swim, running and calories burned Buy Now At Amazon $90.00 This is an absurd price for this fitness tracker. Its list price is $130, and it’s discounted to $118. On top of that, there’s a digital coupon that takes another 30% off, bringing the total down to $82.59! Just make sure to click the coupon before you checkout to get the crazy deal. Previous PostSit Back & Relax This Bank Holiday Weekend with Today’s Deals [UK]Next Post4 Courses That’ll Help You Launch a Data Analytics Career 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Amazon Deals 146 articles We spend hours combing through the deals on Amazon to find the best of the best for you. We'll help you save time and money. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About Internet 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About What’s the Best Chromebook for Performance in 2017? Buying Guides What’s the Best Chromebook for Performance in 2017? Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update Yet Windows Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update… Advertisement Related Articles 4 Courses That’ll Help You Launch a Data Analytics Career Deals 4 Courses That’ll Help You Launch a Data Analytics Career Today Only: Get Photoshop & Premiere Elements 15 For $75 Deals Today Only: Get Photoshop & Premiere Elements 15 For $75 4 Deals You Can’t Miss If You Love A Bit of DIY Deals 4 Deals You Can’t Miss If You Love A Bit of DIY Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Intel Editorial: For Self-Driving Cars, There’s Big Meaning Behind One Big Number: 4 Terabytes If 3,000 People Talked All at Once, Could You Understand What Each One Was Saying? Kathy Winter is vice president and general manager of the Automated Driving Division at Intel Corporation. (Photo: Intel Corporation) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Kathy Winter is vice president and general manager of the Automated Driving Division at Intel Corporation. (Photo: Intel Corporation) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Estimates show how much data different sensor sets on an autonomous vehicle will create. (Graphic: Intel Corporation) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 14, 2017 12:16 PM Eastern Daylight Time SANTA CLARA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--As an engineer, I love solving problems and using the “language of math” – or numbers – to understand the world we live in. With meaning beyond their stated numerical value, numbers add context to stories and challenges in a way that words alone cannot. Big numbers are interesting as their meaning is often much more complex than their sheer size might suggest. With one number in particular – 4 terabytes (TB) – this is especially true, and I’m excited about the meaning behind that number for the autonomous driving industry. First things first: Why that number? Four terabytes is the estimated amount of data that an autonomous car will generate in about an hour and a half of driving – or the amount of time a typical person spends in their car each day. By 2020, that’s also the amount of data that 3,000 individual internet users are expected to put out each and every day. It might not sound like much until you think of it in a different way: How many of us have 3,000 friends on Facebook? Now imagine trying to follow and absorb everything they all post each and every single day. If the interesting thing about the data created by a self-driving car was simply the amount of it, 4TB wouldn’t be very exciting. What makes “data the new oil” for autonomous driving – and what makes it a real challenge – is our need to make sense of that data, to turn it into actionable insight that lets cars think, learn and act without human intervention. Data that lets cars do the driving so that the 90 percent of the accidents caused by human error1 may one day be a thing of the past. Press Kit: Autonomous Driving at Intel Intel is a data company. We know how to create, move, store, process, analyze and manage data – at massive scale – and we’re applying this vast expertise to the autonomous driving industry. From experience, we also know the fastest way to solve the autonomous driving data challenge is through industry collaboration. While there’s a lot of work to do to deliver fully autonomous vehicles by 2021, I am confident that by working with the industry and our partners, together we can get it done. Autonomous driving data comes in three basic types: technical data, crowdsourced data and personal data. Technical data is perhaps most obvious. This data comes from a suite of sensors and is the car’s “view” of the world immediately around it. This data helps the car recognize a person or fire hydrant, “see” a new pothole, or maybe calculate how quickly a nearby car is approaching. This kind of technical data is also great for capturing new driving scenarios and pushing it to the cloud for learning and improving the software that controls driving behavior. When this kind of data goes to the cloud, it becomes incredibly valuable to other vehicles connected with that same cloud. Crowdsourced data is something that a community of local cars takes in from their surroundings, such as traffic or changes to the road conditions. You can imagine all kinds of cool applications that could use this kind of information, such as finding a nearby parking spot or avoiding traffic jams. Finally, there is personal data, including the radio stations you like to listen to, coffee shops you frequent, routes you prefer and so on. This type of data could be useful in creating the most amazing personalized experience in your autonomous vehicle. As the industry moves toward fully autonomous cars, data presents a number of challenges for the entire global industry. The first challenge goes back to that original number: 4TB. The exponentially growing size of the data sets necessitates an enormous amount of compute capacity to organize, process, analyze, understand, share and store. Think data center server compute power, not PC power. The need to train autonomous vehicles as quickly as possible presents another challenge. When new driving responses or situations are identified, machine learning, simulation and algorithm improvements must happen almost instantly – not weeks or months later – and updated driving models must be pushed to the cars immediately once available. When, where and how that happens has implications not just for today, but for the day when self-driving cars are the norm. There’s also the matter of data protection and what that means for consumers to eventually trust the autonomous experience. How we will achieve truly secure storage and sharing of data is a question I am asked about frequently and one we take very seriously. Which data gets stored? Which gets tossed? Which data sets get shared? And how will we protect it all? These are valid questions that will require industry collaboration and our best experts to address in a meaningful way. Finally, the data challenge grows over time as small fleets of vehicles eventually become hundreds of millions of vehicles. The ability to make this happen comes only through the ability to process increasingly larger data sets. True system scalability will be critical both inside our cars – back to that 4TB number – and outside our cars in massive data centers, as the self-driving supercomputer and the cloud that supports it continue to evolve. No one company can tackle these data challenges on its own. At Intel, we believe the best way to solve the autonomous driving data challenge is to do it collectively, to work together across the industry to develop secure state-of-the-art platforms and to share safety-related information. As we work toward a shared vision of a world without accidents and with mobility for all, industry collaboration will accelerate our ability to deliver. I am thrilled to be working with our Intel team and key partners on the 4TB challenge, as I know that solving this problem will lead to safer roads and a better journey for all. Kathy Winter is vice president and general manager of the Automated Driving Solutions Division at Intel Corporation. She joined Intel in 2016 from Delphi, where she engineered the first cross-country drive of a fully autonomous vehicle. This is the third in an occasional series of Intel newsroom editorials related to autonomous driving. To comment or reach Kathy directly, email autonomousdriving@intel.com. 1 National Motor Vehicle Crash Causation Survey, U.S. Department of Transportation, at 25 (2008), https://crashstats.nhtsa.dot.gov/Api/Public/ViewPublication/811059; http://cyberlaw.stanford.edu/blog/2013/12/human-error-cause-vehicle-crashes Contacts Intel Corporation Kathy Winter autonomousdriving@intel.com Contacts Intel Corporation Kathy Winter autonomousdriving@intel.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Intel Editorial: For Self-Driving Cars, There’s Big Meaning Behind One Big Number: 4 Terabytes SANTA CLARA, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–As an engineer, I love solving problems and using the “language of math” – or numbers – to understand the world we live in. With meaning beyond their stated numerical value, numbers add context to stories and challenges in a way that words alone cannot. Big numbers are interesting as their meaning is often much more complex than their sheer size might suggest. With one number in particular – 4 terabytes (TB) – this is especially true, and I’m excited about the meaning behind that number for the autonomous driving industry. First things first: Why that number? Four terabytes is the estimated amount of data that an autonomous car will generate in about an hour and a half of driving – or the amount of time a typical person spends in their car each day. By 2020, that’s also the amount of data that 3,000 individual internet users are expected to put out each and every day. It might not sound like much until you think of it in a different way: How many of us have 3,000 friends on Facebook? Now imagine trying to follow and absorb everything they all post each and every single day. If the interesting thing about the data created by a self-driving car was simply the amount of it, 4TB wouldn’t be very exciting. What makes “data the new oil” for autonomous driving – and what makes it a real challenge – is our need to make sense of that data, to turn it into actionable insight that lets cars think, learn and act without human intervention. Data that lets cars do the driving so that the 90 percent of the accidents caused by human error1 may one day be a thing of the past. Press Kit: Autonomous Driving at Intel Intel is a data company. We know how to create, move, store, process, analyze and manage data – at massive scale – and we’re applying this vast expertise to the autonomous driving industry. From experience, we also know the fastest way to solve the autonomous driving data challenge is through industry collaboration. While there’s a lot of work to do to deliver fully autonomous vehicles by 2021, I am confident that by working with the industry and our partners, together we can get it done. Autonomous driving data comes in three basic types: technical data, crowdsourced data and personal data. Technical data is perhaps most obvious. This data comes from a suite of sensors and is the car’s “view” of the world immediately around it. This data helps the car recognize a person or fire hydrant, “see” a new pothole, or maybe calculate how quickly a nearby car is approaching. This kind of technical data is also great for capturing new driving scenarios and pushing it to the cloud for learning and improving the software that controls driving behavior. When this kind of data goes to the cloud, it becomes incredibly valuable to other vehicles connected with that same cloud. Crowdsourced data is something that a community of local cars takes in from their surroundings, such as traffic or changes to the road conditions. You can imagine all kinds of cool applications that could use this kind of information, such as finding a nearby parking spot or avoiding traffic jams. Finally, there is personal data, including the radio stations you like to listen to, coffee shops you frequent, routes you prefer and so on. This type of data could be useful in creating the most amazing personalized experience in your autonomous vehicle. As the industry moves toward fully autonomous cars, data presents a number of challenges for the entire global industry. The first challenge goes back to that original number: 4TB. The exponentially growing size of the data sets necessitates an enormous amount of compute capacity to organize, process, analyze, understand, share and store. Think data center server compute power, not PC power. The need to train autonomous vehicles as quickly as possible presents another challenge. When new driving responses or situations are identified, machine learning, simulation and algorithm improvements must happen almost instantly – not weeks or months later – and updated driving models must be pushed to the cars immediately once available. When, where and how that happens has implications not just for today, but for the day when self-driving cars are the norm. There’s also the matter of data protection and what that means for consumers to eventually trust the autonomous experience. How we will achieve truly secure storage and sharing of data is a question I am asked about frequently and one we take very seriously. Which data gets stored? Which gets tossed? Which data sets get shared? And how will we protect it all? These are valid questions that will require industry collaboration and our best experts to address in a meaningful way. Finally, the data challenge grows over time as small fleets of vehicles eventually become hundreds of millions of vehicles. The ability to make this happen comes only through the ability to process increasingly larger data sets. True system scalability will be critical both inside our cars – back to that 4TB number – and outside our cars in massive data centers, as the self-driving supercomputer and the cloud that supports it continue to evolve. No one company can tackle these data challenges on its own. At Intel, we believe the best way to solve the autonomous driving data challenge is to do it collectively, to work together across the industry to develop secure state-of-the-art platforms and to share safety-related information. As we work toward a shared vision of a world without accidents and with mobility for all, industry collaboration will accelerate our ability to deliver. I am thrilled to be working with our Intel team and key partners on the 4TB challenge, as I know that solving this problem will lead to safer roads and a better journey for all. Kathy Winter is vice president and general manager of the Automated Driving Solutions Division at Intel Corporation. She joined Intel in 2016 from Delphi, where she engineered the first cross-country drive of a fully autonomous vehicle. This is the third in an occasional series of Intel newsroom editorials related to autonomous driving. To comment or reach Kathy directly, email autonomousdriving@intel.com. 1 National Motor Vehicle Crash Causation Survey, U.S. Department of Transportation, at 25 (2008), https://crashstats.nhtsa.dot.gov/Api/Public/ViewPublication/811059; http://cyberlaw.stanford.edu/blog/2013/12/human-error-cause-vehicle-crashes CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Artificial Marble Market: Segmented by Application and Geography Trends, Growth and Forecasts 2022 Next PostNext INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces an Investigation Into Whether the Sale of Lumos Networks Corp. for $18 Per Share is Fair to Shareholders Search Recent Posts Rhode Island in Talks to Adopt Next-Generation MCAS Public Library Association awarded grant to sponsor summer library internships U.S. Census Bureau Daily Feature for April 15: Gastronomic Milestone IC Media Direct – Introduces Cutting-Edge Internet Brand Repair Blueprint at LeadsCon New York NREL’s New Perovskite Ink Opens Window for Quality Cells Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Light's 52MP 'L16' 16 lens camera now has a final design, and is almost ready to ship 9 minutes ago The Nokia 6 is being updated to Android 7.1.1 with Google's April security update 1 hour ago BioShock: The Collection for the Xbox One is now 52% off 1 hour ago The NSA's Windows-hacking arsenal leaked, affects Windows 2000 through 8, servers included 1 hour ago View all recent news The NSA's Windows-hacking arsenal leaked, affects Windows 2000 through 8, servers included 1 hour ago Microsoft's cancelled Lumia 750 aka "Guilin" gets revealed in new video 2 hours ago Microsoft Rewards to replace Xbox Live Rewards in Australia in late April 5 hours ago Microsoft's Brad Smith: Growing consensus on need for international treaty on state attacks 8 hours ago View all Microsoft news YouTube working on official dark mode 14 hours ago Google Hire: the search giant now wants to help you find a job 15 hours ago Android Pay can now be used from within some banking apps Apr 13, 2017 Google is now upgrading Nexus 6P beta testers to final build of Android 7.1.2 Nougat Apr 13, 2017 View all Google news Apple receives permit to test self-driving cars in California 9 hours ago Numerous MacBook Pro owners report unexplained "popping" sound coming from their laptops Apr 13, 2017 Apple reportedly has a secret team developing diabetes sensors for the Apple Watch Apr 13, 2017 Qualcomm sues Apple for misleading customers about chip performance Apr 13, 2017 View all Apple news Sandboxie 5.18 1 hour ago ShareX 11.7.0 17 hours ago ScreenToGif 2.7.1 20 hours ago Malwarebytes 3.0.6.1469 CU4.1 23 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending HP Spectre x360 review: A near-perfect convertible that falls short on battery life 16 hours ago Logitech BRIO review: The best webcam you can buy Mar 28, 2017 Oukitel U15S review: A combination of wrong choices Mar 20, 2017 Nintendo Switch Review: Jack of all trades or master (system) of none? Mar 12, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 Samsung's Galaxy S8 goes shark diving with T-Mobile's latest underwater unboxing Mar 30, 2017 View all unboxings Version 1704 update is rolling out to all Xbox One users today - here's what's new Apr 13, 2017 Virgin Media is now turning customers' home broadband routers into public Wi-Fi hotspots 12 hours ago Custom Gamerpics are now available for Xbox Insiders in the Preview Alpha ring Apr 14, 2017 HP Spectre x360 review: A near-perfect convertible that falls short on battery life 16 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get the Citrix Xen Cloud Mastery Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals (96% off) 18 hours ago Save 50% off this Toughlink Metal Braided Lightning Cable 2-Pack, now just $29.99 Apr 13, 2017 Save 98% off the Computer Hacking Forensic Investigation & Penetration Testing - now $59 Apr 12, 2017 Get this Microsoft Private Cloud Solutions Bundle with certification of completion for $44 Apr 11, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Sponsored Grab a WinX DVD Ripper Platinum 8.5.0 license ($59.95 value) for free By News Staff · 15 hours ago with 2 comments WinX DVD Ripper Platinum V8.5.0 is the strongest and fastest ever tool to rip & copy any DVD disc, ISO image, and DVD folders to hard drive, computer, mobile devices and digital formats. Claim your complimentary copy (valued at $59.95) for free. What's it about? For a limited time, you can download the latest version of this $59.95 valued software and try out all features for free! WinX DVD Ripper Platinum Killer Features: World's No.1 Fast DVD ripping speed: Not just supports Hyper-threading technology and multi-core (up to 8) CPU utilization, WinX DVD Ripper Platinum V8.5.0 is the 1st and only Windows-based DVD ripper to apply the revolutionary Hardware acceleration tech and fully utilizes Intel Intel QSV and NVIDIA (CUDA) NVENC to skyrocket DVD conversion process - delivering up to 500 FPS fast DVD ripping speed (with X32 DVD drive), which allows you to rip a feature-length DVD under 5 Min. without any quality loss. Support All Types of DVDs: WinX DVD Ripper Platinum is by far the strongest to unlock any DRM, and it's always the 1st to decrypt newly released ISO images, DVD folders, 99-titles DVDs, Japanese DVDs, workout DVDs, music DVDs, movie and TV series DVDs, homemade DVDs, commercial DVDs and even damaged DVDs. Digitalize DVD collection to any formats: With built-in 320+ video audio codecs, WinX DVD Ripper Platinum digitalizes your DVD collection to mainstream video formats like MP4, H.264, H.265, AVI, WMV, MPEG, etc. It also converts DVDs for perfect playback on Apple iPhone 7/7Plus, iPad, Android, Samsung, Windows phone, Surface, Sony and other 350+ profiles. 4 DVD Copy Modes: You can use WinX DVD Ripper Platinum to 1:1 clone DVD to ISO image and folder, or backup DVD main title content for playing on PC, PS3, PS4, Xbox, Media Center, etc, or copy full DVD title to a MPEG2 file with intact video, audio, and subtitles. For advanced users, you can also customize parameters, trim/merge/crop/subtitle DVD movie according to your need. Notice: This exclusive giveaway is only valid until 4/25/17. The giveaway license works as the full version but does not support future updates. Offered by Digiarty WinXDVD, view their other free resources. How to get it Please ensure you read the terms and conditions to download the "WinX DVD Ripper Platinum V8.5.0". Complete and verifiable information is required in order to receive this free offer. If you have previously made use of these free offers, you will not need to re-register. Get "WinX DVD Ripper Platinum V8.5.0" (normally sells for $59.95) for free Not for you? That's OK, there are other free eBooks on offer you can check out here, but be aware that these are all time limited offers. If you are uncomfortable sharing your details with a third-party sponsor, we understand. How can I disable these posts? Click here. Disclosure: A valid email address is required to fulfill your request. Complete and verifiable information is required in order to receive this offer. By submitting a request, your information is subject to TradePub.coms Privacy Policy. Tags Ebook offer Sponsored Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story Google Hire: the search giant now wants to help you find a job Next Story YouTube working on official dark mode Community Activity Refresh A year later than planned, Dell's stunning 30-inch 4K OLED monitor is available for $3,499 in Front Page News Light's 52MP 'L16' 16 lens camera now has a final design, and is almost ready to ship in Front Page News Two 960 Evo Drives, Something Kills 4K Reads/Writes in Hardware Hangout Microsoft Rewards to replace Xbox Live Rewards in Australia in late April in Front Page News Samsung's Galaxy S8 active makes its first appearance as the SM-G892A in Front Page News Microsoft is finally blocking updates to older versions of Windows on new processors in Front Page News My first drone in General Discussion Sandboxie 5.18 in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories Version 1704 update is rolling out to all Xbox One users today - here's what's new Apr 13, 2017 with 4 comments Virgin Media is now turning customers' home broadband routers into public Wi-Fi hotspots 12 hours ago with 14 comments Custom Gamerpics are now available for Xbox Insiders in the Preview Alpha ring Apr 14, 2017 with 1 comment HP Spectre x360 review: A near-perfect convertible that falls short on battery life 16 hours ago with 0 comments Related Stories Get three Simple Programming eBooks for free, for a limited time Apr 13, 2017 Get 7 Linux Training Academy eBooks, for free for a limited time Apr 3, 2017 Get the "101 Smart Questions to Ask on Your Interview: 4th Edition" (a $10 value) free eBook Mar 31, 2017 Get the "Practical Windows Forensics" ($31 value) eBook, free until April 12 Mar 30, 2017 deals Complete C# Coding Bootcamp $765.00 $41.00 95% off TigerVPN: Lifetime Subscription $780.00 $29.00 96% off Windscribe VPN: Lifetime Pro Subscription $900.00 $79.00 91% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off Getflix: Lifetime Subscription $1,199.00 $39.00 97% off Show Comments 2 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Only 13 phones will get the Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update tall promo only IT'S HERE! How to get the Windows 10 Creators Update on your PC now fyi video HP EliteBook x360 G2: Unboxing and first impressions hp elitebook x360 Xbox Project Scorpio: Key specs of the "most powerful console ever" project scorpio Overview of the new features and improvements in the major new update creators update video HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display: Unboxing and first impressions hp spectre x360 Microsoft announces event on May 2 at which we'll "learn what's next" microsoftedu IT'S DEAD, JIM Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista Windows Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
You're about to be redirected We notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com. READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com Startup Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow MB Vans Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2017 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Inc. Tested Women Who Lead Peak Performance Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO INC. BUSINESS HUB Inc. Verified Profile Inc. Plus Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. LEAD 4 Tips to Create a Message Your Audience Will Literally Buy Revolutionize your communication skills to convert leads into buyers. By Steve Blank Steve Blank is a retired Silicon Valley serial entrepreneur turned educator who developed the Customer Development methodology that changes the way startups are built. His book The Four Steps to the Epiphany launched the Lean Startup movement. @sgblank Author, The Startup Owner's Manual; Architect, I-Corps @NIH curriculum@sgblank WRITE A COMMENT . CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement I was having coffee with the CEO of a new startup, listening to her puzzle through how to communicate to potential customers. She was an academic on leave from Stanford now selling SAAS software to large companies, but was being inundated with marketing communications advice. "My engineers say our website is old school, and we need to be on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, my VP of Sales says we're wasting our marketing dollars not targeting the right people and my board keeps giving me their opinions of how we should describe our product and company. How do I sort out what to do?" She winced as I reminded her that she had gone through the National Science Foundation Innovation Corps. "Painful and invaluable" was her reply. I reminded her that all the Lean tools she learned in class--Customer Discovery, business model and value proposition canvases--contained her answer. Here's how. Define the Mission of Marketing Communications Companies often confuse communications tactics ("What should my webpage look like or should I be using Facebook/Instagram/Twitter?") with a strategy. A communications strategy answers the question, "Why are we doing these activities?" For example, our goal could be: Create demand for our products and drive it into our sales channel Create awareness of our company and brand for potential customers Create awareness for fundraising (VC, angels, corporate partners) Create awareness for potential acquirers of our company (Marketing communications is a subset of the Marketing department's mission. Read the post about mission and intent here.) Audience(s), Message, Media, Messenger Once you figure out why you're creating a communications strategy then you can figure out how to use it. The "how" requires just four steps: Understand your audience(s) Craft the message for that specific audience Select the media you want the message to be read/seen/heard on Select the messenger you want to carry your message CREDIT: Courtesy author Step 1: Who's the Audience(s)? An audience means--who specifically you want your messages to reach. Is it all the people on earth? Everyone in San Francisco? Potential customers such as gamers who like to play specific types of games? Or people inside companies with a specific title, like product or program managers, CIOs, etc? Venture Capitalists who may want to invest? Other companies that may want to acquire you? What's confusing is that often there are multiple audiences you want to communicate with. So, refer to your strategy: Are you trying to reach potential customers or potential investors and acquirers? These are very different audiences, each requires its own messages, media and messengers. If you're selling a product to a company, for example, is the audience the user of the product? Her boss? The person who has the budget? The CEO? CREDIT: Courtesy author How do you figure out who the audience is? It turns out that if you've been doing customer discovery and using the value proposition canvas, you know a lot about each customer/ beneficiary. The first step is to put all those value proposition canvases on the wall to remind you that these are the people you need to reach. How do you figure out which of these customers/beneficiaries is most important? Who's the least important? If you've been out talking to customers, you will have an idea of who's involved in the buying process. Who's the user of product? The recommender? The decision maker? The saboteur? As you map out what you learned about the role each of these customers plays in the buying process, marketing communications and sales can decide which one of the customers/beneficiaries is the primary audience of your messages. (And they can decide if there any secondary audiences you should reach.) Often there are multiple people in a sales process worth influencing. If you're trying to reach potential acquirers or investors, the customer discovery process is the same. Spend time building value proposition canvases for these audiences. Step 2: What's the Message? Messages are what you delivering to the audience(s) you've selected. Messages answer three questions: Why should the audience care? What are you offering? What's the call to action? Your customers have already told you how to craft the first part of your message. The answer to "Why should your audience care?" comes directly from the pains and gains on the right side of the value proposition canvas. And the answer to the second question "What are you offering?" comes from the left side of the value proposition canvas. It's not just the product feature list, but the pain relievers and gain creators. Once you get your audience to read your message, then what? What's the call to action? Do you want them to download a demo, schedule a sales call, visit a physical store location or a website, download an app, click for more information, give you their email address, etc.? Your message needs to include a specific call to action. Other things to keep in mind about messages: Message context A message that is brilliant today and gets the press writing about you and customers begging to buy your product could have been met with blank stares two years ago and may be obsolete next year. In crafting your messages, remember that all messages operate in a context that may have an expiration date. Netbooks, 3DTVs, online classes disrupting higher ed, all had their moment in time. Make sure your context is current and revisit your messages periodically to see if they still work. Sticky Messages Messages also need to be memorable--"sticky." Why? Because the more memorable the message, the greater its ability to create change. Not only do we want people to change their buying behavior, we also want them to change how they think. (This is often a tough concept for engineering founders who believe that if we just tell customers about the features that make their product faster, cheaper, etc. they'll win.) Consider that if you were told you were going to pay for cold, dead fish wrapped in seaweed you might not be too hungry. But when we call it sushi people line up. The same goes for a hamburger. You may eat a lot of them, but if McDonald's message was "dead cow, slaughtered by the millions, butchered by minimum wage earners, then ground into patties, frozen into solid blocks, and reheated when you order them," instead of "You deserve a break today," sales might be a tad lower. Product versus Company Messages There is a difference between detailed product messages versus messages about your company. At times, you may have to communicate what the company stands for before a customer is ready to listen to you talk about product messages. For example, to outflank a competitor who had faster products, Intel moved the conversation about microprocessors away from speed and technology to create a valued brand. They created the "Intel Inside" campaign. Apple was trying to resurrect a then-dying company by reminding people what Apple stood for with their "Think Different" ad campaign Both Apple and Intel were selling complicated technology but did so by simplifying the message so it had broad emotional appeal. Both Intel Inside and Think Different became sticky corporate messages. Step 3: Media Media means the type of communications media each audience member reads/listens to/watches. Is could be print (newspapers/magazine), Internet (website, podcasts, etc.), broadcast (TV, radio, etc.) or social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.). In customer discovery, you asked prospects how they get information about new companies and new products. (If not, get back out and do so!) The media your prospective customers told you they use ought to be on top of your target media. The online media your company controls (your corporate website, company Facebook page, Twitter, Instagram, etc.) should be the first place you experiment finding your audience(s) and message. Typically, you pick several media to reach each audience. It's likely that each audience reads different media (potential customers read something very different than potential investors.) You'll need a media strategy--a plan that describes the mix of media and how you will use it. This plan should include the category of media; print, internet, broadcast and then identify specific sites, blogs, magazine, etc. Step 4: Messengers Messengers are the well-placed and highly leveraged individuals who have influence over your audience(s). Messengers convey and amplify your message to your audience through the media you've chosen. There are four types of messengers: reporters, experts, evangelists and connectors. (Each audience will have its own unique set of messengers.) Reporters are paid by specific media to write about news. Which reporters you should talk to comes from discovering which media your audience has said they read. Your goal is to identify who are the reporters in the media your audience reads and what they write about, and to figure out why they should write about you. (Wrong answer--because we have a new product. Very wrong answer--because my CEO wants to be on the cover of publication X or Y.) Experts know your industry or product in detail, and others rely on them for their opinions. Experts may be industry analysts in private research firms (Gartner, NPD, AMR), Wall Street research analysts (Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs), consultants who provide advice for your industry or bloggers with wide followings. Experts may even be potential customers who run user groups that other potential customers turn to for advice. (Today some reporters are experts--product reviewers in the Tech Section of the Wall Street Journal, or the Technology section of the New York Times (or its product review site Wirecutter)). Evangelists are unabashed cheerleaders and salespeople for your product and, if you are creating a new market, for your company vision. They tell everyone how great the product is and about the unlimited potential of your product and market. While nominally carrying less credibility than experts, evangelists have two advantages: typically, they are paying customers, and they are incredibly enthusiastic about what they say. (Evangelists are not customers who will give a reference. A customer reference is something you have to twist arms to get; an evangelist is someone you can't get off the phone.) Connectors are individuals who seem to know everyone. Each industry has a few. They may be bloggers who expound on the general state of your industry and write magazine or newspaper columns. They may be individuals who organize and hold conferences where the key industry thought leaders gather. Often, they themselves are the thought leaders. Founders ask me all the time whether they should hire a PR agency. I tell them, "The question isn't if. The question is when?" Influencing the messengers is what great public relations firms know how to do. They may have their own language describing who the messengers are (e.g., "influencers") and how they manage them (e.g. "information chain"), but once you've done a first pass of the audience > message > media > messenger, a competent PR firm can add tremendous value. Customer Discovery Never Stops Understanding your audience(s) is important for not just startups, but for companies already selling products. It helps you stay current with customers, get ideas for other needs to fill and to create new products. In addition, the audience > message > media > messenger cycle seamlessly moves this learning into getting, keeping and growing customers. Today, Marketing Automation tools (customer analytics, SEO, and Customer Relationship Management (CRM) platforms) generate customer behavior history about what messages worked on which media. These tools generate data that companies use to feed AdTech tools (demand-side platforms, ad exchanges and networks) to automate selling and buying of online ads. Communications as a Force Multiplier Smart CEOs treat communications as a force multiplier for sales, a tool to dramatically increase valuation and the vehicle to get acquirers lined up at the door. Not so successful CEOs treat it as tactic that can be handed to others. Hiring a PR agency too early is a sign that the CEO is treating this as someone else's problem. In a startup, the first pass of understanding Audience, Message, Media, Messenger can only be done with the founders/CEO engaged. Getting publicity for a product that does not yet exist is how startups get noticed. But don't fall victim to your own reality distortion field and hype a product that can never be made (think of Tesla versus Theranos.) Figuring out who the possible audiences are, what messages to send, and what media to use, feels overwhelming at first. The temptation is to try to reach all the audiences with a single message and a single media. That's a going out of business strategy. Use Customer Discovery, and your customers will teach you who they are, what to say to them and how to reach them. Lessons Learned Marketing Communications = Audience, Message, Media, Messenger Use the Value Proposition Canvas to understand who your audience(s) are Craft messages to match what your audience has already told you Pick the media they said they read Find the right messengers to amplify your message This post originally appeared on Steve Blank's blog. Published on: Apr 14, 2017 Advertisement
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones TVs Computing Apps Cloud Brand Centres Components Desktop PCs Laptops & Convertibles Monitors Networking & WiFi Security Servers & Storage Software & Services Tablets & eBook Windows Hardware & Software Batteries & Energy Blu-ray Cameras (Stills) Cameras (Video) Virtual Assistants Drones Gadgets GPS and Sat Nav Headphones & Earbuds Home Appliances Home Theatre & Entertainment Media Streamers Printers, Scanners & MFDs Set Top Boxes and PVR Smart Watch & Wearables Smart Home Software & Services Speakers VR and AR Wireless routers & networking Business Centre Business Center Home Cloud Cryptocurrency, Bitcoin & Blockchain eCommerce & Retail Fintech Govt. & Telecomms Hardware Innovation IoT Mobility NBN Networking Search Security Servers & Storage Software & Dev Whitepapers Games & Gaming Console PC More 3D Printing A.I. Car Tech Books Broadband Coding & Hacking Copyright & DRM Education Events Fashion Google Government Health Internet Kids & Toys Music & Audio NBN Netflix & SVOD New & Future Tech Privacy Quantum Computing Recycling & Green Tech Science & Space Social Media Sports Robots Tor & Darknet Travel Web/Geek/Nerd culture Wikileaks & Censorship Shop Good Gear Guide > News > Microsoft blocks Kaby Lake and Ryzen PCs from Wind... Microsoft blocks Kaby Lake and Ryzen PCs from Windows 7, 8 updates Windows 10 or bust. Ian Paul (PC World (US online)) on 15 April, 2017 00:12 0 - - - - print email IDG The time has finally come: Microsoft is dropping the banhammer on mixing modern processors with classic Windows operating systems. Users are reporting their Windows 7 and 8.1 PCs with Kaby Lake and Ryzen processors are being blocked from receiving updates, according to Ars Technica and Tech Report. That means all updates, including security updates, will be unavailable on PCs with brand new hardware running the two older operating systems. The first hints of this were revealed in March, when a Microsoft support page appeared detailing the policy of blocking updates for Kaby Lake and Ryzen-toting PCs using Windows 7 or 8.1. Microsoft’s stance on PCs running a classic Windows build with newer processors actually goes back to January 2016. At that time, Microsoft announced a plan to ease the transition to Windows 10 for enterprises by certifying some Skylake processors to run Windows 7 and Windows 8.1 for a limited time. The company also added that Intel’s Kaby Lake, Qualcomm’s 8996 Snapdragon processsors, and what we now call AMD Ryzen would all require Windows 10. Since then, Microsoft has proved more flexible on the Skylake front. Select members of that processor generation will be able to run Windows 7 and Windows 8.1 until both systems reach the end of their extended support periods in 2020 and 2023 respectively. For Ryzen and Kaby Lake, however, Microsoft hasn’t budged, with Intel and AMD willing to play along. Microsoft Why this matters: Microsoft’s rationale for refusing to take a step backwards is understandable. With Windows 10, the company is trying to get out from under its heavy legacy of backwards compatibility. Many critics have argued that backwards compatibility has held the company back from inovating and moving forward quickly with advanced features. But in this case, Microsoft is pushing users too far. Windows 8.1, for example, is still covered by mainstream support until January 2018—at least on paper. Windows 7, meanwhile, is under extended support until January 2020. Users should be able to run the software they want as long as its at least mainstream support, but Microsoft’s not having it. It’s a Windows 10 world and we’re living in it—whether we like it or not. Windows 10 for Business / Dell XPS 13 More from Microsoft Windows 10 Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Windows 10RyzenWindows 7intelWindows 8.1 Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Ian Paul PC World (US online) Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Essentials Linksys AC5400 MU-MIMO Gigabit router Learn more > Microsoft L5V-00027 Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard Desktop Learn more > Everki ContemPRO Roll Top Laptop Backpack Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive Learn more > Epson EcoTank Expression ET-2500 Learn more > UE Boom 2 Bluetooth speaker Learn more > Samsung portable 1TB T3 drive Learn more > Epson WorkForce ET-4550 Learn more > Smart LED Bulb LB130 Learn more > Mobile Lexar® Portable SSD  Learn more > Acer Swift 7 Learn more > Google Daydream VR headset Learn more > 3SIXT Ultra HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Huawei Mate 9 Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S45 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Logitech G403 Prodigy mouse Learn more > Epson EB-1776W Learn more > Epson WorkForce DS-360W Learn more > Belkin MIXIT Metallic Lightning to USB Cable Learn more > Surface Book Learn more > Exec Dell P2715Q Learn more > Dell XPS 13 laptop Learn more > HD Pan/Tilt Wi-Fi Camera with Night Vision NC450 Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1800x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards  Learn more > Dell Inspiron 5000 series 2-in-1 Learn more > HP Pavilion x360 13” Learn more > Surface Pro 4 Learn more > Audio-Technica ATH-ANC70 Noise Cancelling Headphones Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20c USB Type-C flash drive  Learn more > Blade 28 backpack by Arc’teryx Learn more > Garmin Fenix Chronos smartwatch Learn more > Budget Lifeproof Fre phone case Learn more > Jabra Sport Pace earbuds Learn more > Smart Wi-Fi Plug HS110 Learn more > Samsung 960 EVO M.2 hard drive Learn more > Canon EOS 1300d Learn more > Oppo R9s Learn more > Evapolar USB air conditioner review Learn more > Boost Mobile SIM Learn more > Back To Business Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Subaru XV 2017 review 2 ​Samsung 2017 QLED Q7 TV: Full, in-depth review 3 ​Kogan Atlas UltraSlim Pro laptop: full, in-depth review 4 ​Gigabyte Aorus GA-AX370-Gaming 5 AMD Ryzen AM4 motherboard review 5 ​Kogan curved 4K UHD 55-inch LED LCD TV review Latest News Articles How to use Start menu folders in the Creators Update Microsoft blocks Kaby Lake and Ryzen PCs from Windows 7, 8 updates Meet the new Microsoft Edge: 5 key improvements with the Creators Update Microsoft will unveil Project Scorpio, the next Xbox, at E3 Planescape: Torment Enhanced Edition is the definitive way to play this cult-classic RPG Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles PCW Evaluation Team Azadeh Williams HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 A smarter way to print for busy small business owners, combining speedy printing with scanning and copying, making it easier to produce high quality documents and images at a touch of a button. Andrew Grant HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 I've had a multifunction printer in the office going on 10 years now. It was a neat bit of kit back in the day -- print, copy, scan, fax -- when printing over WiFi felt a bit like magic. It’s seen better days though and an upgrade’s well overdue. This HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 looks like it ticks all the same boxes: print, copy, scan, and fax. (Really? Does anyone fax anything any more? I guess it's good to know the facility’s there, just in case.) Printing over WiFi is more-or- less standard these days. Ed Dawson HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 As a freelance writer who is always on the go, I like my technology to be both efficient and effective so I can do my job well. The HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 Inkjet Printer ticks all the boxes in terms of form factor, performance and user interface. Michael Hargreaves Windows 10 for Business / Dell XPS 13 I’d happily recommend this touchscreen laptop and Windows 10 as a great way to get serious work done at a desk or on the road. Aysha Strobbe Windows 10 / HP Spectre x360 Ultimately, I think the Windows 10 environment is excellent for me as it caters for so many different uses. The inclusion of the Xbox app is also great for when you need some downtime too! Mark Escubio Windows 10 / Lenovo Yoga 910 For me, the Xbox Play Anywhere is a great new feature as it allows you to play your current Xbox games with higher resolutions and better graphics without forking out extra cash for another copy. Although available titles are still scarce, but I’m sure it will grow in time. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content Roving Rachel does the ​Panasonic Lumix GH5 Ryzen 5 vs Intel Core i5 CPU Australian review ​Mass Effect Andromeda review: One for the fans Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs CCSolution DesignerVIC FTSolution Architect l MS Exchange, O365NSW FTGraduate Technical ConsultantACT FTSenior Front End DeveloperNSW TPBusiness Analyst - AgileQLD CCSenior Business AnalystQLD FTTechnical Expert | 3mth+contractVIC CCFull Stack DeveloperQLD FTSolutions Architect (Collaboration Technology) - Permanent - Sydney CBDNSW CCSenior Test Analyst x2QLD CCBusiness Specialist - Data ManagementNSW CCMultiple SAP CRM ABAP BRF+ DevelopersVIC CCNetworks Engineer - SecurityVIC FTSenior Analyst ProgrammerACT FTSenior / Lead iOS DeveloperNSW FTArchitects - Application / Solution / Enterprise / DataACT CCBusiness AnalystNSW FTJunior Applications SupportSA FTInformation Security ManagerACT FTSenior Business Analyst - Financial MarketsVIC TPRegional Level 2/3 Desktop Support AnalystVIC FTTest SpecialistSA CCSenior Linux AdministratorNSW CCPerl Developer l Port Macquarie or QueanbeyanQLD CCTraining Content and Delivery SpecialistNSW Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Toshiba’s memory biz sale attracts many, including Apple computerworld.com.au Leaked NSA exploits plant a bull's-eye on Windows Server cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Tata Consultancy Services’ upcoming Innovation Lab to support Govt agenda arnnet.com.au Updated: Myer acquires embattled fashion brands, Marcs and David Lawrence cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Topics Bayh-Dole Biotechnology Capitol Hill Copyright Educational Information for Inventors Federal Circuit Federal Trade Commission Guest Contributions Interviews & Conversations Patents Patent Bar Exam Patent Eligibility Patent Litigation Patent Reform Patent Trolls Pharmaceutical Software Patents Technology & Innovation Trade Secrets Trademarks Universities US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Inventors Applying for a Patent Basic Patent Law Confidentiality Agreements Cost of Obtaining a Patent Design Patents Do It Yourself Patents Invention to Patent 101 Patent Drafting Patent Search FAQs Patent Searching 101 Provisional Patents Patent Trolls Sample Confidentiality Agreements Software Patents When Should You do a Patent Search? Worldwide Patent Rights Events Politics & People Key Political Leaders President Donald J. Trump Vice President Mike Pence Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross Senate Republicans on the Judiciary Committee House Republicans on the Judiciary IP Subcommittee Congressman Bob Goodlatte (R-VA) Senator Chris Coons (D-DE) Michelle Lee Issues Net Neutrality Patent Reform Patent Venue Reform Jobs Job Submissions Job Openings About Contact Sponsors Article Submission Topics Bayh-Dole Biotechnology Capitol Hill Copyright Educational Information for Inventors Federal Circuit Federal Trade Commission Guest Contributions Interviews & Conversations Patents Patent Bar Exam Patent Eligibility Patent Litigation Patent Reform Patent Trolls Pharmaceutical Software Patents Technology & Innovation Trade Secrets Trademarks Universities US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Inventors Applying for a Patent Basic Patent Law Confidentiality Agreements Cost of Obtaining a Patent Design Patents Do It Yourself Patents Invention to Patent 101 Patent Drafting Patent Search FAQs Patent Searching 101 Provisional Patents Patent Trolls Sample Confidentiality Agreements Software Patents When Should You do a Patent Search? Worldwide Patent Rights Events Politics & People Key Political Leaders President Donald J. Trump Vice President Mike Pence Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross Senate Republicans on the Judiciary Committee House Republicans on the Judiciary IP Subcommittee Congressman Bob Goodlatte (R-VA) Senator Chris Coons (D-DE) Michelle Lee Issues Net Neutrality Patent Reform Patent Venue Reform Jobs Job Submissions Job Openings Topics Bayh-Dole Biotechnology Capitol Hill Copyright Educational Information for Inventors Federal Circuit Federal Trade Commission Guest Contributions Interviews & Conversations Patents Patent Bar Exam Patent Eligibility Patent Litigation Patent Reform Patent Trolls Pharmaceutical Software Patents Technology & Innovation Trade Secrets Trademarks Universities US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Inventors Applying for a Patent Basic Patent Law Confidentiality Agreements Cost of Obtaining a Patent Design Patents Do It Yourself Patents Invention to Patent 101 Patent Drafting Patent Search FAQs Patent Searching 101 Provisional Patents Patent Trolls Sample Confidentiality Agreements Software Patents When Should You do a Patent Search? Worldwide Patent Rights Events Politics & People Key Political Leaders President Donald J. Trump Vice President Mike Pence Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross Senate Republicans on the Judiciary Committee House Republicans on the Judiciary IP Subcommittee Congressman Bob Goodlatte (R-VA) Senator Chris Coons (D-DE) Michelle Lee Issues Net Neutrality Patent Reform Patent Venue Reform Jobs Job Submissions Job Openings Subscribe to our Blog via email Qualcomm strikes back, sues Apple for tortious interference and unlawful business tactics By Steve Brachmann April 14, 2017 0 Print Article “Qualcomm” by K?rlis Dambr?ns. Licensed under CC BY 2.0. On Monday, April 10th, San Diego, CA-based semiconductor developer Qualcomm Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM) filed a lawsuit against Cupertino, CA-based consumer tech firm Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) in which Qualcomm accuses Apple of tortious interference and seeks a declaration that Qualcomm hasn’t violated fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory (FRAND) obligations in standard essential patent (SEP) licensing. Qualcomm goes as far as accusing Apple of both mischaracterizing Qualcomm’s business model and encouraging regulatory entities in multiple jurisdictions to penalize the company. The suit has been filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California (S.D. Cal.). The complaint filed by Qualcomm answers allegations made by Apple in a suit filed this January in S.D. Cal., including Apple’s assertions that Qualcomm was withholding $1 billion in payments in violation of an agreement between the two companies. Qualcomm’s suit widely denies allegations raised in that lawsuit. Qualcomm’s suit lists a total of 35 defenses to Apple’s allegations; these include Apple’s failure to state a claim on which relief can be granted, laches, estoppel, waiver, unclean hands, and non-justiciable claims. Qualcomm’s suit argues that much of Apple’s current fortune is predicated on the success of Qualcomm semiconductor technologies in Apple’s products like the iPhone. Qualcomm alleges that Apple has captured upwards of 90 percent of global smartphone industry profit and has admitted that “the full value of its products is realized only when the underlying cellular technology – such as 4G LTE – adequately enables their capabilities,” the suit reads. Last year, Qualcomm and Apple entered into talks in which Apple would take a direct license to Qualcomm’s 3G and 4G SEP portfolio according to the suit; for years, Qualcomm’s SEPs were licensed to Apple’s contract manufacturers, indirectly realizing royalties from Apple’s products. Qualcomm alleges that Apple’s counter to Qualcomm’s offer was unreasonable and although the royalty per phone amount is redacted in the suit, Qualcomm calls it a small fraction of what other smartphone vendors would have paid for a comparatively priced phone: “To appreciate the unreasonableness of Apple’s offer, one need only compare it to the royalties that Apple demands for its own patents. In Apple’s recent litigation with Samsung, Apple argued that just three Apple patents on touch-screen features (‘pinch-to-zoom’, ‘tap-to-zoom’, and ‘bounce-back’) were worth a reasonable royalty of $7.14 per phone. That is, Apple claims that only three of its patents on these features are worth [material redacted] what Apple is willing to pay for Qualcomm’s thousands of patents, taken together, on fundamental technologies that are essential to cellular communication. It is neither fair nor reasonable to contend, as Apple does, that the cumulative value of years of Qualcomm innovation driving core cellular technology pales in comparison to the value of just three Apple user-interface patents.” The allegations in Qualcomm’s suit also include accusations that Apple has engaged in unlawful tactics on a global scale to avoid paying appropriate licensing fees to Qualcomm, including wrongful inducement of regulatory action and false accusations of extortion. According to Qualcomm, the $1 billion which Apple is seeking from Qualcomm was promised under an agreement which Qualcomm believes Apple hasn’t upheld. Apple allegedly failed to uphold its end of the agreement by inducing litigation, including that from regulatory authorities, against Qualcomm. For example, Apple allegedly informed the Korea Fair Trade Commission that Apple hasn’t added a second chipset supplier because of Qualcomm’s exclusionary tactics after Apple had already begun to incorporate Intel chips into the iPhone 7 which would be sold in Korea weeks later. This allegedly false information led the South Korean regulatory entity to levy a $853 million fine against Qualcomm for antitrust violations. Qualcomm accused Apple of engaging in tortious interference relating to Qualcomm’s licensing activities with Apple’s contract manufacturers. Specifically, Qualcomm asserts that Apple pressured contract manufacturers to withhold licensing payments they would normally have made to Qualcomm. Apple has allegedly also pressured contract manufacturers to refuse to comply with Qualcomm auditing procedures, leading to Qualcomm’s inability to verify the accuracy of royalty reports. The suit also includes allegations that Apple has violated California state law on unfair competition by misrepresenting the performance of iPhones which incorporated Qualcomm chips. Qualcomm accuses Apple of limiting the performance of iPhones using Qualcomm chips by reducing the speed at which the Qualcomm modem components operated. “Apple’s actions were intended to prevent consumers from realizing that iPhones containing Qualcomm chipsets performed far better than iPhones containing chipsets supplied by Intel,” the suit reads. Although Apple stated publicly that there was no discernable difference between the performance of Intel’s chipset and Qualcomm’s chipset, Apple allegedly prevented the disclosure of information that Qualcomm’s chips performed better by warning Qualcomm that it would retaliate over such a disclosure. Qualcomm also alleges that Apple has breached its obligations under a Master Software Agreement between the two parties, although the material explaining that charge has been redacted from the publicly available court filing. “By selectively disclosing terms of the parties’ confidential agreements, Apple has told a one-sided—and inaccurate—story,” Qualcomm’s suit reads. The suit notes that Qualcomm has invested significant research and development resources into the development of cellular technologies since the company was founded in 1985. “Apple, on the other hand, has played little to no role in developing cellular communication technologies,” the suit reads. Between 2014 and 2016, Qualcomm allegedly invested 20 percent of its revenue, or $5 billion per year, into R&D activities. Qualcomm’s significant contributions to cellular networking technologies include its 1989 introduction of Code Division Multiple Access (CDMA) second-generation (2G) cellular technology. The case background notes that Qualcomm would go on to develop technologies based on CDMA which have been important for 3G, such as the Wideband Code Division Multiple Access (WCDMA), and 4G, such as Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiple Access (OFDMA). Qualcomm’s R&D has resulted in a portfolio of 130,000 patents and patent applications covering SEPs for cellular standards and patents not within a standard but reflect valuable mobile telecommunication technologies ranging from single chips to system-level innovations. Qualcomm also notes that its licensing activities with Apple’s contract manufacturers go back years before Apple sold its first cell phone in 2007, as early as February 2000 in the case of Taiwanese firm Compal Electronics. Qualcomm asserts that its licensing agreements with the contract manufacturers were consistent with policies set out by the European Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI). Apple first considered a direct license agreement with Qualcomm in 2007 and on-and-off talks continued through 2017 but an agreement on direct patent licensing wasn’t reached. Qualcomm called Apple’s most recent counteroffer unreasonable as Apple argued that the proper base for determining royalties should be no more than a percentage of the baseband chipset, a stance which Qualcomm alleges is inconsistent with its FRAND licensing commitments. Qualcomm also alleges that Apple has turned down every offer of arbitration despite Qualcomm’s willingness “to arbitrate any license for any portfolio of patents in which Apple was interested.” Qualcomm’s suit includes a total of 11 counts against Apple, including counts for a declaration that Qualcomm’s FRAND licenses with Apple’s contract manufacturers do not violate commitments to ETSI, a declaration that Qualcomm’s license agreements with the contract manufacturers don’t violate competition law, breach of a 2013 statement of work between Apple and Qualcomm, breach of implied covenant of good faith and good dealing as well as unjust enrichment. Qualcomm is seeking a jury trial in the case. The Author Steve Brachmann is a writer located in Buffalo, New York. He has worked professionally as a freelancer for more than a decade. He has become a regular contributor to IPWatchdog.com, writing about technology, innovation and is the primary author of the Companies We Follow series. His work has been published by The Buffalo News, The Hamburg Sun, USAToday.com, Chron.com, Motley Fool and OpenLettersMonthly.com. Steve also provides website copy and documents for various business clients. Tags:anticompetitive, Antitrust, antitrust law, Apple, qualcomm, tortious interference, unlawful business practices Posted In:Antitrust, Apple, Consumer Products, Courts, District Courts, IP News, IPWatchdog Articles, IPWatchdog.com Articles, Mobile Devices, Patent Litigation, Patents, Qualcomm, Smartphones Warning & Disclaimer: The pages, articles and comments on IPWatchdog.com do not constitute legal advice, nor do they create any attorney-client relationship. The articles published express the personal opinion and views of the author and should not be attributed to the author’s employer, clients or the sponsors of IPWatchdog.com. Read more. Discuss this There are currently No Comments comments. Join the discussion. Post a Comment Respectfully add to the discussion. Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Varsity Sponsors Advertise Here Post Your Event → Upcoming Events Wed 19 Optimizing Patent Applications: Drafting to Withstand Challenge April 19 @ 2:00 pm - 3:00 pm EDT Wed 26 World Intellectual Property Forum April 26 @ 9:00 am - April 28 @ 6:00 pm EDT May 08 IIPCC Presents Promoting Innovation, Investment and Job Growth by Fixing America’s Patent System May 8 @ 1:00 pm - 8:00 pm EDT DC United States May 24 ConnectLive 2017 May 24 @ 8:00 am - May 25 @ 5:00 pm EDT Jun 18 IPBC Global 2017 June 18 @ 5:30 pm - June 20 @ 7:30 am EDT Ottawa, Canada View More… Junior Varsity Sponsors Advertise Here Federal Circuit If patent owner intends a special meaning, clear disavowal of ordinary meaning required Mylan’s proposed ANDA drug does not infringe MedCo patents Federal Court validity decisions do not bind the PTAB Federal Circuit limits breadth of claims based on definition in specification, prosecution history Other Barks for Wednesday, April 12th, 2017 Costco v. Acushnet: Costco’s Preemptive Strike Sets Tone for Litigation Putting Words in the Mouth of McRO: The PTO Memorandum of November 2, 2016 Is It Really That Obvious? A Tale of Two Decisions Knock-Offs Beware: SCOTUS Makes a Fashion Forward Decision Other Barks for Wednesday, April 5th, 2017 Intramural Sponsors Advertise Here Patent Drafting Basics Patent Application Drafting: Using the Specification for more than the ordinary plain meaning Patent Strategy: Advanced Patent Claim Drafting for Inventors Patent Drafting 101: The Basics of Describing Your Invention in a Patent Application Patent Drafting for Beginners: The anatomy of a patent claim Patent Drafting for Beginners: A prelude to patent claim drafting The Inventors’ Dilemma: Drafting your own patent application when you lack funds Patent Drafting: Describing What is Unique Without Puffing 5 things inventors and startups need to know about patents Drafting Patent Applications: Writing Method Claims An Introduction to Patent Claims Patent & Invention Basics Do You Need a Patent? Inventing Strategy 101: Laying the Foundation for Business Success Debunking the Myth that Patents Create a Monopoly Requisites of a Patent Application: Claims and drawings technically not required on filing date Patent Prosecution 101: Understanding Patent Examiner Rejections Patent Strategy: Advanced Patent Claim Drafting for Inventors Patent Drafting for Beginners: The anatomy of a patent claim The Patent Process on a Tight but Realistic Budget Patent Drafting for Beginners: A prelude to patent claim drafting The Inventors’ Dilemma: Drafting your own patent application when you lack funds Tags Apple Authors CAFC Capitol Hill Copyright copyrights David Kappos famous inventors Federal Circuit Federal Circuit Review Gene Quinn Guest Contributor independent inventor independent inventors innovation intellectual property Internet inter partes review inventor IPR patent Patentability patentability requirements patentable subject matter patent eligibility patent eligible patent infringement Patent Litigation patent office patent prosecution Patent Reform patents Patent Trial and Appeal Board patent troll Patent Trolls PTAB SCOTUS software patent software patents technology trademark trademarks US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Archives Archives Select Month April 2017  (48) March 2017  (105) February 2017  (102) January 2017  (121) December 2016  (96) November 2016  (80) October 2016  (99) September 2016  (84) August 2016  (87) July 2016  (82) June 2016  (94) May 2016  (83) April 2016  (81) March 2016  (88) February 2016  (73) January 2016  (83) December 2015  (73) November 2015  (71) October 2015  (66) September 2015  (67) August 2015  (74) July 2015  (58) June 2015  (56) May 2015  (51) April 2015  (64) March 2015  (73) February 2015  (63) January 2015  (61) December 2014  (63) November 2014  (46) October 2014  (53) September 2014  (48) August 2014  (42) July 2014  (46) June 2014  (46) May 2014  (52) April 2014  (52) March 2014  (55) February 2014  (41) January 2014  (48) December 2013  (45) November 2013  (39) October 2013  (40) September 2013  (40) August 2013  (34) July 2013  (46) June 2013  (62) May 2013  (46) April 2013  (52) March 2013  (60) February 2013  (58) January 2013  (77) December 2012  (57) November 2012  (53) October 2012  (56) September 2012  (36) August 2012  (42) July 2012  (49) June 2012  (44) May 2012  (36) April 2012  (38) March 2012  (44) February 2012  (33) January 2012  (34) December 2011  (28) November 2011  (33) October 2011  (36) September 2011  (39) August 2011  (30) July 2011  (33) June 2011  (36) May 2011  (41) April 2011  (45) March 2011  (40) February 2011  (40) January 2011  (42) December 2010  (31) November 2010  (41) October 2010  (35) September 2010  (33) August 2010  (34) July 2010  (34) June 2010  (38) May 2010  (31) April 2010  (31) March 2010  (40) February 2010  (34) January 2010  (30) December 2009  (43) November 2009  (33) October 2009  (44) September 2009  (37) August 2009  (35) July 2009  (37) June 2009  (36) May 2009  (35) April 2009  (34) March 2009  (32) February 2009  (22) January 2009  (34) December 2008  (26) November 2008  (25) October 2008  (8) September 2008  (14) August 2008  (6) July 2008  (3) June 2008  (5) May 2008  (5) April 2008  (12) March 2008  (4) February 2008  (14) January 2008  (11) December 2007  (4) Popular Posts Citing ‘unusual circumstances’ PTO delays responding to FOIA request on status of Michelle Lee Is Michelle Lee Refusing to Leave the USPTO? Michelle Lee to Stay on as USPTO Director The Disintegration of the American Patent System Revolutionary JP Morgan software capable of doing contract review likely patent ineligible in the U.S. Commerce Lists USPTO Director as Vacant, USPTO declines to comment on Michelle Lee Top Patent Firms for 2016 The Uncertain Status of Michelle Lee Wounds the Patent System, Causes Political Anxiety A Few Thoughts on the Supreme Court’s Section 101 Jurisprudence Michelle Lee’s views on patent quality out of touch with reality facing patent applicants Is Michelle Lee Still PTO Director? CAFC finds graphical user interface patent claims eligible, CBM decision still pending Congress Needs to Act So Alice Doesn’t Live Here (in the Patent System) Anymore Goodlatte pledges to pursue patent litigation reform, copyright reform in 115th Congress The Bottom Line on Trump’s PTO: Michelle Lee Must Go At IPWatchdog.com our focus is on the business, policy and substance of patents and other forms of intellectual property, such as copyrights and trademarks. Today IPWatchdog is recognized as one of the leading sources for news and information in the patent and innovation industries. In January 2014 we were honored to be inducted into the ABA Blawg Hall of Fame after being recognized for 3 years as the top IP blog on the Internet. © 1999 - 2017 IPWatchdog, Inc. Terms & Conditions of Use | Privacy Policy Recent Posts Qualcomm strikes back, sues Apple for tortious interference and unlawful business tactics If patent owner intends a special meaning, clear disavowal of ordinary meaning required Mylan’s proposed ANDA drug does not infringe MedCo patents Federal Court validity decisions do not bind the PTAB Myopia in the C-Suite is Wrecking America’s Patent System Subscribe to our Blog via email Connect with IPWatchdog  
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Light's 52MP 'L16' 16 lens camera now has a final design, and is almost ready to ship 9 minutes ago The Nokia 6 is being updated to Android 7.1.1 with Google's April security update 1 hour ago BioShock: The Collection for the Xbox One is now 52% off 1 hour ago The NSA's Windows-hacking arsenal leaked, affects Windows 2000 through 8, servers included 1 hour ago View all recent news The NSA's Windows-hacking arsenal leaked, affects Windows 2000 through 8, servers included 1 hour ago Microsoft's cancelled Lumia 750 aka "Guilin" gets revealed in new video 2 hours ago Microsoft Rewards to replace Xbox Live Rewards in Australia in late April 5 hours ago Microsoft's Brad Smith: Growing consensus on need for international treaty on state attacks 8 hours ago View all Microsoft news YouTube working on official dark mode 14 hours ago Google Hire: the search giant now wants to help you find a job 15 hours ago Android Pay can now be used from within some banking apps Apr 13, 2017 Google is now upgrading Nexus 6P beta testers to final build of Android 7.1.2 Nougat Apr 13, 2017 View all Google news Apple receives permit to test self-driving cars in California 9 hours ago Numerous MacBook Pro owners report unexplained "popping" sound coming from their laptops Apr 13, 2017 Apple reportedly has a secret team developing diabetes sensors for the Apple Watch Apr 13, 2017 Qualcomm sues Apple for misleading customers about chip performance Apr 13, 2017 View all Apple news Sandboxie 5.18 1 hour ago ShareX 11.7.0 17 hours ago ScreenToGif 2.7.1 20 hours ago Malwarebytes 3.0.6.1469 CU4.1 23 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending HP Spectre x360 review: A near-perfect convertible that falls short on battery life 16 hours ago Logitech BRIO review: The best webcam you can buy Mar 28, 2017 Oukitel U15S review: A combination of wrong choices Mar 20, 2017 Nintendo Switch Review: Jack of all trades or master (system) of none? Mar 12, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 Samsung's Galaxy S8 goes shark diving with T-Mobile's latest underwater unboxing Mar 30, 2017 View all unboxings Version 1704 update is rolling out to all Xbox One users today - here's what's new Apr 13, 2017 Virgin Media is now turning customers' home broadband routers into public Wi-Fi hotspots 12 hours ago Custom Gamerpics are now available for Xbox Insiders in the Preview Alpha ring Apr 14, 2017 HP Spectre x360 review: A near-perfect convertible that falls short on battery life 16 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get the Citrix Xen Cloud Mastery Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals (96% off) 18 hours ago Save 50% off this Toughlink Metal Braided Lightning Cable 2-Pack, now just $29.99 Apr 13, 2017 Save 98% off the Computer Hacking Forensic Investigation & Penetration Testing - now $59 Apr 12, 2017 Get this Microsoft Private Cloud Solutions Bundle with certification of completion for $44 Apr 11, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Review HP Spectre x360 review: A near-perfect convertible that falls short on battery life By Rich Woods Neowin LLC @@TheRichWoods · 16 hours ago with 0 comments Back in December, I reviewed the 2016 model of the HP Spectre x360, which had been refreshed with Intel's seventh-generation Kaby Lake processors, Thunderbolt 3, and more. Giving it a 9.5 out of 10, I really only found two faults with it: the display is only offered with a 1080p resolution and there is no pen support. And then came CES, where HP announced all-new models of both the 13.3-inch and 15.6-inch variants. The new 13.3-inch Spectre x360 is exactly like last year's model, except for, you guessed it, a 4K display and pen support. I walked away from my review in December thinking that HP had made what might be the perfect laptop, if it weren't for those two minor setbacks. So is the Spectre x360 now the perfect laptop? Let's find out. Specs CPU Intel Core i7-7500U GPU Intel HD Graphics 620 Display 13.3-inch 3840x2160 IPS LCD Body 12.07x8.58x0.55 inches, 2.89 pounds RAM 16GB LPDDR3 Storage 512GB SSD Ports One USB 3.1 Type-A, Two USB 3.1 Type-C with Thunderbolt 3 support, 3.5mm headphone Audio Bang & Olufsen In the box Inside of the big ugly box that it came in, there were two items. One was a much nicer-looking box that would contain the device itself and a few other things, and the other is a sleeve to carry the Spectre x360 around in. I found this to be useful, even when I had it in a bag, as it would keep it from getting dirty. And inside of what I've so eloquently described as a "much nicer-looking box" was the device itself, some instruction manuals that remain unopened, the pen, and the charger. Obviously, the charger connects via USB Type-C. Also, as is usually the case, the charger comes in multiple pieces. There's the power cable that connects to the device, an extension cable that plugs into a power outlet, and an adapter that you can snap onto the power cable to plug it into an outlet. Windows Hello HP's Spectre x360 supports Windows Hello facial recognition, and it's still one of my favorite features in a PC. Personally, I think that facial recognition makes more sense on a laptop than a fingerprint or iris scanner as a means of biometric authentication. Since you're sitting in front of the screen anyway, it makes sense that it would recognize your face to log you in. And the facial recognition on the Spectre x360 is fast. It's fast enough that it's convenient to use, because I've used many other Windows Hello devices and methods where I'd end up typing my PIN because it's easier than using biometrics, which defeats the point. Ultimately, it just feels natural. You open up the screen on the device, power it on, and wait for it to take you to the desktop. Design The new Spectre x360 has the same aluminum unibody as last year's model, but it comes in a new color: Dark Ash Silver. If you ask me though, that's a misnomer. There's really nothing silver about it. That's not to say that it doesn't look absolutely stunning; indeed, I'd prefer this color over the Natural Silver that the previous model was offered in any day of the week. It's just that it's more of a gray, and if I had to compare it to another color, it would be Apple's Space Gray. But the convertible also has copper-colored accents around the frame, the trackpad, and on the hinge. It's a machine that you won't get tired of looking at, since I really think HP nailed it with the design of this one. As mentioned above, other than the color, the design of the body is the same. On the left side, you'll find a power button, a 3.5mm headphone jack, and a USB Type-A port. On the other side, there's a volume rocker and two USB 3.1 Type-C ports that support Thunderbolt 3. My one complaint about this setup is that a second USB Type-A port would be nice. I use a wireless USB mouse, and in those rare cases that I need to use portable USB storage, compromises must be made. There simply aren't a whole lot of USB Type-C peripherals out there yet. Of course, either of the Thunderbolt 3 ports can be expanded, but I'm not in the habit of carrying around dongles and/or hubs. Thunderbolt 3 is a powerful technology though; you can power two 4K monitors or one 5K monitor from a single port. That means that the ports on the Spectre x360 support up to four 4K, two 5K, or two 4K and one 5K monitor. Note that I do not recommend using this many monitors, as the Intel HD Graphics won't be able to handle it, but I wanted to point out how much power is behind a pair of Thunderbolt 3 ports. The display is nearly edge-to-edge, with bezels on the sides that are just 5.45mm each. There's a bit more space on the top of the screen, which makes room for the webcam and Windows Hello camera. This placement works out well for a standard laptop mode, but if you're using the device in a mode where the screen is upside down, it causes a problem. Display and battery life Normally, I break up display and battery life into separate sections of a review, but in this case, the two are directly related. Let's make one thing clear: the 4K display on the HP Spectre x360 makes everything absolutely beautiful. Everything you're looking at simply looks better than it does on the 1080p model. Also, it's not just the resolution. The colors are accurate yet vibrant. It's a very pleasing machine to look at all day while you're working. But a 4K display has 8.3 million pixels, which is four times as many as 1080p, and that requires additional power. There's a trade-off that's made here, and that has to do with battery life. For the 1080p model, HP promised 15 hours of battery life, and for this one, the firm is promising nine and a half. Neither of these numbers are accurate, which tends to be the case with Windows laptops, so I'm not calling the company out on that. I was able to easily get eight hours of battery life from last year's model, but with this one, it dies after about five hours. To be clear, testing is normal use; for example, today was about an hour of Netflix, browsing in Chrome (mainly writing this review), chatting on Skype, and playing music via the Amazon Music app. As a reviewer, I'd definitely say that the trade-off is worth it. You won't see pixels when you look at this screen, and it's a very pleasant experience. One more note that I want to make about the display is that the scaling seemed really off at the default 300%. I ended up changing it to 200%, which is much more suitable. Trackpad and keyboard The glass trackpad is certainly one of the finer points of the machine. It's quite large, and it's comfortable to use. I did have one minor problem with it, which is that when I adjusted the scaling to 200%, the speed of the pointer was significantly slowed. Of course, this can be (and was) adjusted in Settings, but it's worth taking note that there may be a few minor tweaks that you might have to make with the Spectre x360. As with the 2016 model, the keyboard is a pleasure to use. Being edge-to-edge, it's about the same width as the display, and has a 1.3mm travel, which is just a bit more shallow than the standard 1.5mm, but I find it very comfortable. Of course, I type for a living, so the keyboard is very important to me. This is why I type all of my PC reviews on the device I'm using. The test is that if I make it to the end, I can live with the keyboard, but I've used HP's Spectre x360 so much recently that I'm honestly not worried about it. Audio As you'll see in most of HP's premium products, the Spectre x360 uses Bang & Olufsen audio technology. The tl;dr version of this is that they sound great, and I never felt myself wishing that I was using an external speaker. The Spectre x360 has four speakers: two that are placed right above the keyboard, and two that are directly underneath the device. While it might not make immediate sense as to why HP would put speakers on the part of a laptop that's flush against your desk, there's actually good reason for this. It's important to remember that this is an x360 device, which is HP's brand for convertible laptops. If you have it in a tent mode, the speakers on the keyboard are now facing away from you, and the bottom is now facing toward you. It's a smart design. But the point of all this is that the speakers sound great no matter what position the device is in, and they're loud too. As mentioned in the beginning of this section, I never felt a need for any kind of external speakers. Also, I am by no means an audiophile, and if you are, you might still want to use your preferred speakers, but most people should be happy with the built-in ones. x360 HP offers a number of products that are called 'x360'. There's the EliteBook x360, which is for businesses, the Pavilion x360 for the mid-range, and of course, the Spectre x360, which is aimed at the premium consumer market. This can be attributed to the 360-degree hinge, meaning that you can fold the display into a number of form factors. Keeping your display at the standard 90-ish degrees is laptop mode, which is presumably how you would be using the Spectre x360 most of the time. In fact, if any of the other options will be the dominant way that you use the convertible device, you should probably be looking at something else. At 270 degrees, you pretty much get the opposite of that. In this setting, the keyboard is placed face-down and the screen is bent upward toward you. This can be useful for watching movies, or doing presentations and such. Next up is tent mode, where the device is placed in a position that's, you guessed it, in the shape of a tent. I really only use this setting for watching movies and TV shows. Finally, we have tablet mode, where the display is folded all the way back. This is what I meant when I said that if you're going to primarily use the device like this, you might want to take a look at a device with a detachable keyboard, such as a Surface Pro 4 or Huawei MateBook, depending on your needs. The Spectre x360 is great when using it as a tablet in a pinch, or if you want to do some work with a pen, but the truth is that if you're looking for heavy tablet usage, it just weighs too much to be comfortable while holding. This isn't a fault of HP's, of course; it's just a sort of pitfall for the form factor itself. Software This is my least favorite part of a review, mainly because it's where I start screaming at inanimate objects that every PC should be a Signature PC, but alas, the Spectre x360 does come with a bit of pre-installed software, some of which I'd call bloatware. Before we get into that though, I want to point out one major piece of awesomeness, which is that this device received the Windows 10 Creators Update on day one. Microsoft had said that it would roll out to newer PCs first, but I was skeptical since the 2016 model still hasn't received the Anniversary Update to this day. And now, back to the task at hand of looking at the pre-installed software on the Spectre x360. Of course, there are some HP apps, such as ePrint, Recovery Manager, and Support Assistant. These are somewhat necessary, as Support Assistant is where you'll find driver updates. My biggest problem with the pre-installed software is McAfee LiveSafe. Personally, I don't think this software is necessary for anyone. It's annoying even if you never activate it, and removing it was one of the first things I did upon setting up the laptop. As with any Windows 10 installation, you'll find a number of UWP apps pre-installed, such as Netflix and Minecraft: Windows 10 Edition. These can be removed easily enough if you don't want them, by right-clicking on the appropriate entry in the Start Menu and clicking uninstall. Before you remove Netflix though, keep in mind that this device does have a Kaby Lake processor and a 4K display, which means that it's one of few PCs that are actually capable of streaming Netflix in UHD. It's worth noting, since you can't even do that with any of Microsoft's Surface devices. Again, the pre-installed software isn't a deal breaker by any means; it's just that anything McAfee-branded annoys me. If you want to turn it into a Signature PC, you can always do that too, by performing a fresh installation of Windows 10. The pen There was a bit of confusion when I first unboxed the HP Spectre x360, but the pen is indeed N-Trig, which is Microsoft's technology that's used in its latest Surface Pens. I found this to be unfortunate, since I was under the impression that it was Wacom, and was looking forward to a pen that didn't need a battery. Personally, I'm not a big pen user, so I find it extremely frustrating that when I go to use one after a few months of inactivity, the battery needs replacing before I can use it. The other downside to it is that there's no place to store the pen; it has a clip on it, but it doesn't attach to the device in any way, like how the Surface Book's does, via a magnet. This can be frustrating for on-the-go usage. Still, active pen support on a machine like this is a big deal. After all, if you're going to be using it as a tablet, you might want to draw on it, and now you can. With the various aspects of Windows Ink, pen support adds to the completeness of the device. If you ask me, it wouldn't make a whole lot of sense on a traditional laptop, but now you have the opportunity to explore a number of other form factors, so you might end up wanting to draw out that map or write on that photo. The point is that you have the proper options that you need for a device of this form factor. Performance I've used the HP Spectre x360 as a daily driver since I got it a few weeks ago, and I've been satisfied with the day-to-day performance. This includes browsing in Chrome, some light Photoshop work, Skype, and the various other tasks that a journalist would do. In other words, I don't use it for anything that's too draining on the resources, unless you count having dozens of tabs, OneNote, Skype, Photoshop, and more open at the same time. I did notice that when streaming 4K video, there is the occasional stutter. It's barely an issue, but it's worth noting. I use PCMark to benchmark PCs, and I ran three tests: baseline, creative, and productivity. They're pretty much self-explanatory. Baseline Creative Productivity Conclusion In the beginning of this review, I questioned whether HP might finally have made the perfect laptop. That was sort of a trick question, as there's no such thing. If you're a gamer that's looking for a 15-inch quad-core beast with an Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080, clearly this isn't for you. Or maybe you're looking at the other end of the spectrum and you want something that's ultra-portable, so maybe you have your eye on the HP Spectre 13 or Apple's MacBook. So, what I really mean when I ask such a question is if it's perfect for the average use case of someone that just wants a really awesome premium ultrabook, and yes, the Spectre x360 fits the bill. It's a wonderful machine that's a pleasure to use. The biggest drawback is the lackluster battery life, which is directly caused by the 4K display. Luckily, there are some other options available, including one with pen support and a 1080p display, and of course, the one I reviewed last year with no pen support and a 1080p screen (which is still on Windows 10 version 1511). You'll undoubtedly get better battery life with one of the 1080p models, but of course, you're making the sacrifice on display quality. Personally, I feel like a 1440p option would be an excellent compromise, but unfortunately that's not available. You can also get a 15.6-inch model that has a 4K display and pen support, and while it will be heavier, it also packs a larger battery. Ultimately, the 13.3-inch HP Spectre x360 with a 4K display and pen support is one of the best laptops I've used, and I'd say that you should go ahead and buy it if that's what you're in the market for. Just make sure that you're willing to put up with about five hours of battery life.   Gallery: HP Spectre x360 2017 2 Tags Microsoft Windows 10 Hp Spectre x360 Spectre x360 2017 Review Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story A year later than planned, Dell's stunning 30-inch 4K OLED monitor is available for $3,499 Next Story Mozilla is working on a new 'performance settings' tab for Firefox Related Stories HP announces a new range of Pavilion laptops and convertibles [Update] Apr 13, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 · Hot! AdDuplex: Pro 4 still the most popular Surface, HP is top Windows 10 PC maker worldwide Mar 22, 2017 deals Complete C# Coding Bootcamp $765.00 $41.00 95% off TigerVPN: Lifetime Subscription $780.00 $29.00 96% off Windscribe VPN: Lifetime Pro Subscription $900.00 $79.00 91% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off Getflix: Lifetime Subscription $1,199.00 $39.00 97% off Show Comments 0 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Only 13 phones will get the Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update tall promo only IT'S HERE! How to get the Windows 10 Creators Update on your PC now fyi video HP EliteBook x360 G2: Unboxing and first impressions hp elitebook x360 Xbox Project Scorpio: Key specs of the "most powerful console ever" project scorpio Overview of the new features and improvements in the major new update creators update video HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display: Unboxing and first impressions hp spectre x360 Microsoft announces event on May 2 at which we'll "learn what's next" microsoftedu IT'S DEAD, JIM Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista Windows Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
NCAA NFL MLB Recruiting More Sports Fantasy Military Fishing Hunting Living Membership Tickets App Teams NCAA Football HQ FB Recruiting NCAA Basketball HQ BK Recruiting Tailgating Teams NFL HQ Draft Rankings Fantasy Tailgating Teams MLB HQ Transactions Scouting Top Prospects FB Recruiting HQ FB Prospects FB Commits FB Team Rankings JC Football BK Recruiting HQ BK Prospects BK Commits BK Team Rankings High School Sports NBA Golf Cleveland Sports Rankings Fantasy HQ Tools Daily Fantasy Forums Play Join Warrior The latest news and tech from the field of combat. North American Fisherman Fishing news and video from NAF. Wired2Fish Gear reviews, guides, and how-to videos for serious anglers. Fishhound Tracking all things fishing...all the time. Fishulo Where to go and what to use to catch more fish in Canada. YakFishTV Showing the world what kayak fishing is all about. North American Hunter Hunting news, video, and gear reviews from NAH. The Buck Advisors Expert advice for whitetail deer hunters. Gear News and reviews on the hottest gear, fastest cars, and latest tech. Build Gear reviews and how-to guides for the handyman. Tailgate Recipes, games, and guides for American's fastest-growing sport. Garden Tips and tricks for landscaping and lawn care. Cook Recipes and tutorial videos. SCOUT Sign In Forums Forums List SI Members Board Football Board Basketball Board Football Stories Roster Schedule Team Stats FB Recruiting Prospects Visits Commits Team Rankings State Rankings Eligibility Basketball Stories Roster Schedule Team Stats BK Recruiting Prospects Visits Commits Team Rankings Eligibility News All Football FB Recruiting Basketball BK Recruiting Upcoming Events Shop Tickets Join Bob Przybylo/Scout Sooner Intel: OU enters the mix for Grayson Boomer Bob Przybylo Yesterday at 5:31 AM Intel returns with an update on one of OU's recent offers, Grayson Boomer. There’s one person not impressed even a little bit by the film of 2019 Collinsville (Okla.) High tight end Grayson Boomer from his sophomore season. Boomer himself. “I was kind of disappointed in my film,” Boomer said. “That’s not how I would portray myself as an athlete. I thought it was pretty bad, honestly.” http://www.scout.com/player/208616-grayson-boomer?s=73 Schools beg to differ. Boomer already had some major offers before the last couple of weeks, but his stock is soaring right now with offers from Arkansas, Oklahoma and Notre Dame in the last two weeks. Boomer, who perhaps at one time was labeled a tweener with tight end, defensive end and maybe even growing into an offensive lineman, said things are being squashed. He’s a tight end, and that’s exactly the way he wants it. He has been busy on the camp circuit, participating at The Opening regional, Under Armour camp and Rivals camp. The steam is picking up, and the four-star prospect is going full speed. “I’m working on my route running and improving my blocking,” Boomer said. “It’s rare to see a tight end prospect who can block nowadays. I think that’s how I’m setting myself apart from everybody else.” OU had already offered one 2019 prospect in Tulsa Booker T. Washington’s Daxton Hill so fans were waiting for Boomer to get the call. After all, his name is Boomer, right? It’s only right for him to get the offer. But it wasn’t coming. Boomer went his whole sophomore season not really with much interest and was beginning to wonder. Had OU moved on? What could he do to change its mind? One thing Boomer understood from the jump is OU doesn’t just offer anybody. There’s a reason for that call. “They don’t offer anyone unless they really think you’re going to produce,” Boomer said. “That’s one thing I really like about OU. If you fit into the program, they’re going to offer you. The rankings don’t matter.” OU certainly has an ace in the hole in this recruitment in freshman linebacker Levi Draper. A star at Collinsville, Boomer has learned a lot from Draper in terms of conduct on and off the field. And Draper is proving to be pivotal in bridging the connections between the staff and Boomer. Assistant coach Cale Gundy had Draper send Boomer a message last Thursday, asking Boomer to attend the spring game. Boomer had already committed to attending Tulsa’s spring game so he couldn’t go. Maybe the offer was to happen in person so instead, it happened the next day. Draper got in touch with Boomer again about being free for a FaceTime call with Gundy and the rest of the offensive staff. “I knew it was big time,” Boomer said. “It was like the most nerve-racking moments of my life. Sitting there in front of the whole offensive staff, and that’s when they offered me.” Boomer is hopeful to return to OU for the first time since being offered this weekend as OU is bringing in multiple big names for the 2019 class. Boomer wants to be the best of both worlds. He doesn’t want to be known as a blocking tight end. He doesn’t want to be known as a receiving tight end. He wants to be the total package, someone who can do both. Boomer said he might return to Arkansas for its spring game in two weeks. After receiving an offer from Notre Dame, a trip to South Ben could be in the works. In other words, there’s no rush and no timetable for this announcement. “Not really,” he said. “When it’s time and I’m comfortable, I’ll announce it.”   Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout NCAA Approves December CFB Signing Period It's official. Trae Young signs with OU It's a 2019 weekend for OU OU enters the mix for Grayson Boomer Video: Stoops says Cobb not on OU team Share & Embed Video: Stoops says Cobb not on OU team Full Story Sooners Illustrated Top Stories OU visit makes impression with Malik Vann Intel returns with an update on OU spring game visitor Malik Vann. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 5:37 AM Jordon Austin clears the air with OU Intel returns with an update on OU commit Jordon Austin. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 5:34 AM Kerry Cooks cleaning up OU's DB room Intel returns examining all of OU's recent defensive back offers and where Sooners stand at DB for the class. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 5:23 AM Video: Stoops says Cobb not on OU teamOU coach Bob Stoops said Parrish Cobb has not been a member of Sooners since January. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedThursday at 2:07 PM Video: Lon Kruger on Trae Young, 2017 classSilent no more as OU coach Lon Kruger finally allowed to talk about Trae Young and the Sooners' 2017 class. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedThursday at 9:03 AM OU unfiltered: Marquise Brown He's small, OK, we get that. But Marquise Brown is ready to make a difference with the Sooners. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedThursday at 7:08 AM It's official. Trae Young signs with OUFive-star point guard Trae Young is officially locked in with Sooners. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedWednesday at 12:07 PM OU striving for return to 'Oklahoma Standard'OU excelling on the field, but falling short off it. Baker Mayfield says that has to stop. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedWednesday at 9:27 AM Breaking News NCAA Approves December CFB Signing PeriodAn early signing period could be coming to college football in December... by Kevin Wade Scout CFBYesterday at 7:38 AM It's a 2019 weekend for OU Intel returns with an update on a big 2019 weekend coming up for OU. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 5:28 AM Mbanasor, Stephens express transfer interestBob Stoops confirmed cornerbacks Antoine Stephens and P.J. Mbanasor will transfer from OU. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedThursday at 5:18 PMLoad More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets CBS Sports Sign In Sign Up 247 SportsCBS Sports Digital Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Careers © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
NCAA NFL MLB Recruiting More Sports Fantasy Military Fishing Hunting Living Membership Tickets App Teams NCAA Football HQ FB Recruiting NCAA Basketball HQ BK Recruiting Tailgating Teams NFL HQ Draft Rankings Fantasy Tailgating Teams MLB HQ Transactions Scouting Top Prospects FB Recruiting HQ FB Prospects FB Commits FB Team Rankings JC Football BK Recruiting HQ BK Prospects BK Commits BK Team Rankings High School Sports NBA Golf Cleveland Sports Rankings Fantasy HQ Tools Daily Fantasy Forums Play Join Warrior The latest news and tech from the field of combat. North American Fisherman Fishing news and video from NAF. Wired2Fish Gear reviews, guides, and how-to videos for serious anglers. Fishhound Tracking all things fishing...all the time. Fishulo Where to go and what to use to catch more fish in Canada. YakFishTV Showing the world what kayak fishing is all about. North American Hunter Hunting news, video, and gear reviews from NAH. The Buck Advisors Expert advice for whitetail deer hunters. Gear News and reviews on the hottest gear, fastest cars, and latest tech. Build Gear reviews and how-to guides for the handyman. Tailgate Recipes, games, and guides for American's fastest-growing sport. Garden Tips and tricks for landscaping and lawn care. Cook Recipes and tutorial videos. SCOUT Sign In Forums Forums List SI Members Board Football Board Basketball Board Football Stories Roster Schedule Team Stats FB Recruiting Prospects Visits Commits Team Rankings State Rankings Eligibility Basketball Stories Roster Schedule Team Stats BK Recruiting Prospects Visits Commits Team Rankings Eligibility News All Football FB Recruiting Basketball BK Recruiting Upcoming Events Shop Tickets Join Spartan Digest Sooner Intel: OU visit makes impression with Malik Vann Bob Przybylo Yesterday at 5:37 AM Intel returns with an update on OU spring game visitor Malik Vann. Fairfield (Ohio) High defensive end Malik Vann went into last weekend’s visit at Oklahoma not knowing what to expect. He left completely blown away. Vann, a four-star prospect, made his first trip to Norman and was able to see OU’s spring game. He has a tentative decision date of June 26, but he said that could change at any time. And what did change was Vann’s feelings on the Sooners following the trip. http://www.scout.com/player/200613-malik-vann?s=73 “It has changed dramatically,” Vann said. “After meeting all of those guys and seeing all those past players come back and talking to the current players, you really understand what OU does for you. The relationship with the former players speaks volumes of what they thought about their time at OU.” Vann released a top six earlier this week, and it was no surprise at all to see OU make the cut. Vann was offered by second-year defensive line coach Calvin Thibodeaux a long time ago, but it wasn’t until recently things started to heat up. Despite being from Ohio, Vann said the distance factor to Norman is not going to play a role at all in his decision. He said his mother is moving to North Carolina after Vann graduates from high school so it’s going to be a long trip no matter what the choice is. What he didn’t know was how he would fit in with the Sooners. That was answered emphatically during the visit. “Me and Coach Thibs – he talked a lot about the lack of depth at the defensive line,” Vann said. “He was talking about how I would fit. I can play all along the defensive line so it doesn’t really matter to me.” With so many recruits in town, Vann did say he only got about 15-20 minutes of one-on-one time with head coach Bob Stoops. In watching Stoops, Vann said he can tell he’s somebody who will get on you when it’s needed and said, “he’s like a grandpa.” Vann will be at Cincinnati on Friday and then take a trip to Tennessee next weekend. He said he doesn’t have any more planned trips after that, which is why he said a decision doesn’t necessarily have to come June 26. Michigan State, Alabama and Wisconsin round out his top six. Vann has been all over the country to see his top schools, and he does indeed have a checklist when making these trips. For OU? The Sooners checked off every box he’s looking for and those concerns from his mother. “Talking with my mom, it’s a lot about the comfort with the coaches and the community,” Vann said. “A lot of players came back for the spring game. Like I said, that means a lot.” Vann said the thing that sets him apart from most is the way he’s able to use his strength and leverage against bigger guys. He’s quicker than most and not afraid to be physical. And like all recruits visiting Norman right now, he couldn’t help but notice those facilities. The ones completed and the ones on the way. “It’s going to be great,” Vann said. “I got to tour it after the spring game. It was a good time walking through everything.”   Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout NCAA Approves December CFB Signing Period It's official. Trae Young signs with OU It's a 2019 weekend for OU OU enters the mix for Grayson Boomer Video: Stoops says Cobb not on OU team Share & Embed Video: Stoops says Cobb not on OU team Full Story Sooners Illustrated Top Stories Jordon Austin clears the air with OU Intel returns with an update on OU commit Jordon Austin. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 5:34 AM OU enters the mix for Grayson Boomer Intel returns with an update on one of OU's recent offers, Grayson Boomer. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 5:31 AM Kerry Cooks cleaning up OU's DB room Intel returns examining all of OU's recent defensive back offers and where Sooners stand at DB for the class. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 5:23 AM Video: Stoops says Cobb not on OU teamOU coach Bob Stoops said Parrish Cobb has not been a member of Sooners since January. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedThursday at 2:07 PM Video: Lon Kruger on Trae Young, 2017 classSilent no more as OU coach Lon Kruger finally allowed to talk about Trae Young and the Sooners' 2017 class. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedThursday at 9:03 AM OU unfiltered: Marquise Brown He's small, OK, we get that. But Marquise Brown is ready to make a difference with the Sooners. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedThursday at 7:08 AM It's official. Trae Young signs with OUFive-star point guard Trae Young is officially locked in with Sooners. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedWednesday at 12:07 PM OU striving for return to 'Oklahoma Standard'OU excelling on the field, but falling short off it. Baker Mayfield says that has to stop. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedWednesday at 9:27 AM Breaking News NCAA Approves December CFB Signing PeriodAn early signing period could be coming to college football in December... by Kevin Wade Scout CFBYesterday at 7:38 AM It's a 2019 weekend for OU Intel returns with an update on a big 2019 weekend coming up for OU. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 5:28 AM Mbanasor, Stephens express transfer interestBob Stoops confirmed cornerbacks Antoine Stephens and P.J. Mbanasor will transfer from OU. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedThursday at 5:18 PMLoad More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets CBS Sports Sign In Sign Up 247 SportsCBS Sports Digital Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Careers © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
Don't Miss: A.I. in the driver’s seat with the enterprise IT Salary Survey 2017: Highlights Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Windows Server 2016 Hyper-V: More secure, but not faster IT Resume Makeover: Transitioning from IT pro to IT leader What it takes to become an application security engineer Review: Amazon QuickSight covers the BI basics More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home IT Management IT Industry News Analysis Tech firms crowd into San Francisco, but it’s still no Silicon Valley For more than 40 years, Silicon Valley has been as much about a state of mind as about geography. Is that about to change? Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By David Needle Computerworld | Apr 14, 2017 3:01 AM PT Credit: Salesforce.com More like this Get to know the Premier 100 Class of 2017 7 things Silicon Valley needs to stop doing in 2017 Top 10 U.S. cities for employee happiness Video Mingis on Tech: Energy microgrids, what's up with Apple TV -- and drones! SAN FRANCISCO -- Silicon Valley is having growing pains. Stanford and Palo Alto, where Bill Hewlett and David Packard formed Hewlett Packard, were long considered the birthplace of Silicon Valley. But as chip and other hardware firms grew up further south, San Jose declared itself the "Capital of Silicon Valley." The area is littered with tech giants, from Apple and HP to Intel, Cisco and eBay. "In a 15-mile radius you have six of the top 10 technology companies in the world and the largest body of highly successful talent pools," said Jed Yueh, chairman and founder of Delphix, a data virtualization company based in Redwood City -- just south of Belmont, Calif.-based Oracle. While other places aspire to be "the next Silicon Valley" -- even Cuba hopes to get into the mix -- Yueh said the original has a unique advantage. He calls it a self-sustaining "power cycle" where top universities like Stanford spawn startups that are funded by nearby venture capital firms, then grow to be giants (think Google) that spawn their own spinoffs. Invent, rinse and repeat. "I built my first tech company in Southern California, but the second one, Delphix, in the Bay Area," said Yueh. "If you can't get the talent to move to you, you move to where the talent is." Little room to grow But the Silicon Valley of old is running out of space and many millennials, the new generation of knowledge workers, want to be closer to, if not in, a city with nightlife and culture. That's led the likes of Google, Yahoo, Cisco and others to open big offices in San Francisco. Spurred by tax incentives, Twitter set up its headquarters in the City by the Bay in 2006, and there it remains. Magdalena Petrova Twitter's headquarters in San Francisco as seen on February 3, 2017. Salesforce.com never even wanted to be in Silicon Valley. The company started in San Francisco 18 years ago and never looked back. "We were born and bred in San Francisco, this is our world headquarters," Elizabeth Pinkham, executive vice president of Global Real Estate at Salesforce, said during a ceremony last week to preview the company's new 61-story office tower. The building is set to open next year. Anchor tenant Salesforce will occupy floors 3 to 30 as well as 60 and 61 and already has offices in two adjacent buildings. The CRM firm, in fact, is the largest tech employer in the city and hopes to have as many as 10,000 employees within three years. David Needle At the "topping off" ceremony for Salesforce.com's office tower in San Francisco,  officials were flanked by clergy offering blessings for the project. But as Salesforce reaches for the sky in San Francisco, other companies like Apple are looking to spread out across the shrinking amount of commercial real estate farther south. The company's nearly-ready "spaceship campus" championed by the late Steve Jobs includes a 2.8-million-square-foot main building encased in the world's largest panels of curved glass. It's expected to open later this year. If Apple's new headquarters is the ultimate Silicon Valley campus, it's nothing Salesforce aspires to. "We have an urban, vertical campus," said Pinkham. "We're in the heart of the city where employees go out for lunch and use public transportation. We don't do free lunches (a la Google) and gyms, we're a part of the community." Apple Apple's new campus will open later this year. San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee went even farther to extol why his city is a good bet for millennials. "We have this incredible mix of faiths, languages and international cultures in San Francisco. It gives you that sense, if you are developing or designing products, that you're part of the world and having an impact," Lee said in an interview at the Salesforce event. "There's a vibrancy here with different cultures that attracts people. That's why younger workers spend so much money to live here -- they're attracted to the city and our values." Hardware versus software Silicon Valley veteran Bruce Karsh thinks San Francisco makes a lot of sense for some tech companies, but not all. "Silicon Valley started with all these hardware companies doing microprocessors and computers, but when software became big, that was a big break. That's when you started to see these companies head north toward San Francisco, because younger people wanted to be closer to the city and hang out in coffee shops with their MacBooks," said Karsh, who has worked for Yahoo and Google and now works for Pandora in Oakland, another Bay Area urban area attracting tech companies. "With software and the web development, especially now with cloud services, you don't need a lot of the infrastructure and space that hardware companies need," Karsh said. Analyst Tim Bajarin agrees. "The big shift was the Internet boom. When the Internet expanded, it became a powerful force that fundamentally changed the need for physical location," said Bajarin, president of Creative Strategies. Still, the Valley remains a magnet for traditional tech firms. Take Celestica, for example. The global design and manufacturer of advanced hardware opened a new Silicon Valley Customer Experience Center March 29 in Santa Clara. The company also has manufacturing facilities in nearby Fremont and San Jose. "You can draw a three-mile circle around the new Center and hit the majority of our customers," said Celestica CEO Rob Mionis. The Toronto-based company has factories in 20 locations in 14 countries and 27,000 employees worldwide. "Silicon Valley is home to many of our customers and partners and future partners," said Mionis. "You add in all the VC money and innovation coming out of the Valley and it's easy to see why we need to be here." The demand for talent that led some firms to move to San Francisco or open offices there has sometimes yielded mixed results. Magdalena Petrova The logo in front of Google's San Francisco office as seen on February 10, 2017. City vs. country life "Because affordable housing is so spread out, residents of Silicon Valley miss out on a lot of community aspects because it is rare for co-workers to live near each other. This is less true in San Francisco since the goal of these offices is to attract millennials who live in the city," said Brian McClendon, until recently vice president of maps and business platform at Uber. McClendon is moving to his home state of Kansas, but continues as a part-time advisor to the ride-sharing firm and makes regular visits to its San Francisco headquarters. "The general feeling is that it's now hard to hire engineers in San Francisco," he added. "They're all well-employed, so you're trying to attract non-San Francisco engineers North and that's going to be hard (speaking personally)." Twenty-six-year-old Shravan Reddy has the best of both worlds: He lives near where he went to school (Stanford) and commutes to Dropbox in San Francisco where he's an engineering manager. "There are way more meetups in the city and it's nice for people who want to go to bars and things like that," said Reddy. "But I prefer the (warmer) weather on the Peninsula and the local gym where I play basketball." Warning signs Even as tech firms push into the city, residents of the region are looking to escape. In a recent poll by the Bay Area Council, 40% said they want to move away in the next few years. That's a significant bump from the 33% who said the same thing in 2016. Even worse, a story on the survey by The Mercury News noted that 46% of millennials want to leave the Bay Area in the next few years. They point to traffic and skyrocketing housing costs as the main reasons. "It turns out that we were wrong about millennial preferences, the stories were wrong that millennials wanted to live in a hyper-urban environment and that it would be OK to raise families in a condo," said Micah Weinberg, president of the Bay Area Council's Economic Institute. "Millennials are putting off family formation, but when they have a family, they want what their parents had: a house on a nice lot pretty close to work." Related: IT Industry IT Careers David Needle is a technology journalist based in the Silicon Valley. Follow 10 hidden features in the new Windows 10 Creators Update You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Why you should start using Google Keep right away Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go FCC reverses net neutrality ISP transparency rules The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has voted to roll back some net neutrality regulations that... Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... Popular Resources White Paper 10 Things You Need to Know about Hybrid Cloud White Paper 3 Reasons To Avoid Piecemeal Network-Building In Healthcare IT White Paper 6 Tips to Help You Buy Colocation Like a Pro White Paper Bridge the Talent Gaps in Your IT Team White Paper Compliance Does Not Equal Security Go Top Stories Toshiba’s memory biz sale attracts many, including Apple Apple may be considering partnering with its China-based supplier Foxconn to purchase a major stake in... Quantum computing advances toward the enterprise It may still sound like science fiction, but quantum computing could be a reality within a decade. 7 ways Android and Windows 10 can work well together You can sync reminders between an Android device and a Windows 10 PC, share files and more – if you... Windows as a service? Now, there’s an argument for Linux Microsoft wants to control your Windows 10 desktop. Now are you ready to try a Linux desktop? Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Windows 7, 8.1 no longer getting updates on new processors JC Torres - Apr 14, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Windows Vista may have just been finally put to rest, but it won’t be alone soon. Well, not too soon, at least. Windows 7 and even Windows 8.1 have been put on notice, whether you like or not. And some definitely won’t. Users of these older versions are reporting that they are no longer able to receive updates, even critical security ones. And they’re only fault is for trying to run an older, but technically still supported, Windows version on super recent and more capable processors. So here’s the deal. Windows 7 and Windows 8.1 that are running on 7th gen Intel “Kaby Lake” and AMD’s brand new spanking Ryzen processors are blocked from getting these updates. The situations with 6th gen Intel “Skylake” chips are less well-defined, with some models still receiving updates. Apparently, that boils down to whether there’s someone willing to do the heavy lifting to ensure updates of older Windows versions will work without problems on those processors. Microsoft certainly isn’t willing to do it, but at 16 OEMs apparently were, which is why those Skylake processors shipped by the OEMs are lucky to get updates. The problem is that, as far as end users are concerned, Windows 7 and 8.1 are still supported versions. Granted, Windows 7 is technically on life support since 2015, receiving only security updates. These updates don’t add any new functionality that runs the risk of causing problems on newer CPUs. Microsoft did leave hints, even explicit warnings, that it might flip the switch soon, though it never really said when. Nonetheless, its advertised reason of why it no longer supports running older software on newer hardware isn’t going to fly for many of its customers. Especially when it’s seen as a veiled attempt to force users to upgrade to Windows 10. VIA: Ars Technica Tags ComputingMicrosoftWindows 7Windows 8.1 Must Read Bits & Bytes What Xbox One’s self-service refunds mean for consumers SlashGear’s Best of the 2017 New York Auto Show Why Cadillac Super Cruise out-Autopilots Tesla’s autonomous tech Lenovo X1 Carbon (5th Gen) Review: Almost perfect Cadillac’s answer to Tesla Autopilot won’t activate off highways Latest Headlines Sennheiser MKE 2 elements is a waterproof microphone for GoPro Apr 14, 2017 Galaxy S8 orders are shipping early at T-Mobile Apr 14, 2017 Microsoft and Porsche strike partnership for Forza franchise Apr 14, 2017 Verily Study Watch is a health wearable designed for medical use Apr 14, 2017 HTC One X10 arrives: 2-day battery, 16MP camera, fingerprint sensor and more Apr 14, 2017 Latest Reviews Lenovo X1 Carbon (5th Gen) Review: Almost perfect Apr 11, 2017 Chuwi Hi10 Plus Review Apr 9, 2017 Snipperclips review: A great Nintendo Switch co-op puzzle game Apr 7, 2017 2017 Jaguar F-PACE 35t Prestige Review: A crossover with claws Apr 5, 2017 Huawei Honor 8 Pro Review Apr 5, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe Company | design-reuse.cn | dr-embedded.com | D&R Products | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products LPDDR 4/3 DDR 4/3/3L 2400 PHY TSMC 28HPM Fibre-Channel Transceiver Capless LDO voltage regulator (TSMC 130 nm, 20 mA, excellent load transient) HEVC/H.265 Main10 Profile Codec IP for UHD(4K 60fps) News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News NXP Shows First FD-SOI Chips Friday Apr. 14, 2017 Gartner Says Worldwide Semiconductor Revenue Forecast to Increase 12.3 Percent in 2017 Thursday Apr. 13, 2017 Over 100,000 Wafers Embedded with eMemory's NeoEE IP Shipped Wednesday Apr. 12, 2017 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles Introducing ARM Cortex-M23 and Cortex-M33 Processors with TrustZone for ARMv8-M Monday Apr. 10, 2017 Easing the Development of Functionally Safe Controllers Monday Apr. 03, 2017 Verification Planner in QuestaSim Monday Apr. 03, 2017 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs RISC-V's Impact on Processor IP Licensing Fees Codasip Blog - Dan Ganousis, Codasip, LTD 14nm 16nm 10nm and 7nm - What we know now SemiWiki - Scotten Jones Where does big.LITTLE fit in the world of DynamIQ? ARM Blogs - Govind Wathan, ARM Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2017 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2016 IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles DDR4 Set to Account for Largest Share of DRAM Market by Architecture DDR4 and DDR3 forecast to represent 97% of sizzling 2017 DRAM market April 13, 2017 -- The new, higher-speed DDR4 DRAM generation gained significant marketshare in 2016, representing 45% of total DRAM sales. Previously, DDR3 DRAM, including low-power versions used in tablets, smartphones, and notebook PCs, accounted for 84% of total DRAM sales in 2014 and 76% in 2015, but in 2016, DDR4 price premiums evaporated and prices fell to nearly the same ASP as DDR3 DRAMs. A growing number of microprocessors, like Intel’s newest 14nm x86 Core processors, now contain DDR4 controllers and interfaces. As a result, IC Insights expects DDR4 to become the dominant DRAM generation in 2017 with 58% marketshare versus 39% for DDR3 (Figure 1). Figure 1 The Joint Electron Devices Engineering Council (JEDEC) officially launched the fourth generation of DDR in 2012. In 2014, DDR4 memories first began appearing on the market in DRAM modules for powerful servers and a small number of high-end desktop computers, which had souped-up motherboards or the “extreme” versions of Intel’s 22nm Haswell-E processors for high-performance gaming software and PC enthusiasts, but volume sales remained low until 2015, when data centers and Internet companies began loading up servers with the new-generation memories to increase performance and lower power consumption. In 2016, DDR4 memories quickly spread into more data center servers, mainframes, and high-end PCs, accounting for about 45% of total DRAM sales versus 20% in 2015. In 2017, DDR4 will move into more notebook PCs, high-end tablets, and smartphones and is expected to hold a 58% share of DRAM sales. The DDR4 standard contains a number of features that are expected to speed up memory operations and increase SDRAM storage in servers, notebook and desktop PCs, tablet computers, and a wide range of consumer electronics. The DDR4 standard supports stacked memory chips with up to eight devices presenting a single signal load to memory controllers. Compared to DDR3, DDR4 can potentially double the module density, double the speed, and lower power consumption up to 20%, thereby extending battery life in future 64-bit tablets and smartphones. Meanwhile, the DRAM average selling price has been increasing very rapidly since mid-2016. Figure 2 shows that the DRAM ASP increased 54% from $2.41 in April 2016 to $3.70 in February 2017. As a result of this big increase, IC Insights raised its 2017 DRAM market forecast to $57.3 billion, which is a 39% increase over 2016. IC Insights believes that DRAM ASPs will continue to trend upward through most of the first half of 2017, though probably not as rapidly as they did between the period from April 2016 to February 2017. Figure 2 In its latest quarterly financial conference call, Micron indicated its DRAM outlook through the balance of its fiscal year 2017 (ending August 31) was very encouraging, with solid demand coming from PC, server, communication, automotive, and several other applications. However, the bigger question for Micron and other top DRAM suppliers is available supply and whether (more accurately, when will) prices plateau and begin trending downward. One indication that DRAM prices could soften in the second half of the year is the fact that Samsung and SK Hynix are bringing additional DRAM capacity online that features smaller process geometries. Samsung is slated to begin operations at its new Fab 18, in Pyeongtaek, South Korea in 2Q17. Fab 18, with capacity of 300,000 300mm wafer starts per month, features five production lines that are dedicated primarily to making DRAM. The company plans to begin DRAM operations at the fab using an 18nm process technology. SK Hynix has transitioned most of its South Korean-based DRAM output from Fab M10 to Fab M14. With Fab M14 and its dedicated DRAM fab in Wuxi, China, SK Hynix has DRAM capacity of about 280,000 300mm wafer starts per month. SK Hynix is manufacturing most of its DRAM at the 21nm node, but expects to begin using sub 20nm process technology later this year, thereby helping to reduce costs and increase the number of chips on a wafer. Following a year of extraordinary gains in pricing, a boost to DRAM supply in the second half of 2017 could lead to reduced ASPs and the inevitable start of a cyclical slowdown in the DRAM market. Participating in the DRAM market has always been a big challenge for suppliers. Hot or cold, boom or bust—the DRAM market is rarely moving along in a steady, predictable manner. For at least the first half of 2017, it appears that DRAM market will be very favorable for these top three suppliers. Report Details: The 2017 McClean Report Further details on the DRAM, memory, and total semiconductor markets are provided in the 2017 edition of The McClean Report—A Complete Analysis and Forecast of the Integrated Circuit Industry, which is IC Insights’ flagship report covering the IC market. A subscription to The McClean Report includes free monthly updates from March through November (including a 250+ page Mid-Year Update), and free access to subscriber-only webinars throughout the year. An individual-user license to the 2017 edition of The McClean Report is priced at $4,090 and includes an Internet access password. A multi-user worldwide corporate license is available for $7,090.     Contact IC Insights, Inc. Fill out this form for contacting a IC Insights, Inc. representative. Your Name: Your E-mail address: Your Company address: Your Phone Number: Write your message:     Search Silicon IP 16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors Example: DDR4 IP Cores, DRAM IP Cores   Related News U.S. Companies Still Hold Largest Share of Fabless Company IC Sales Taiwan Maintains Largest Share of Global IC Wafer Fab Capacity Market Dynamics, Technology Hurdles Reduce DRAM Bit Volume Growth Americas Region Remains Largest Market for Pure-Play Foundry Sales Using "Final Market Value", TSMC Became the Largest Semiconductor Supplier in the World in 2Q13   See IC Insights, Inc. Latest News >> Breaking News TSMC Expects First-Half Smartphone Slump PT13: A compact 8-bit microprocessor IP core for just $1000 DDR4 Set to Account for Largest Share of DRAM Market by Architecture NXP Shows First FD-SOI Chips Dialog suffers on report of Apple in-sourcing   See Latest News >> Most Popular Xilinx Announces Multi-Year Succession Plan and New COO Eta Compute Debuts with World's Lowest Power Microcontroller IP Targeting Energy Harvesting Segment Dialog suffers on report of Apple in-sourcing DDR4 Set to Account for Largest Share of DRAM Market by Architecture NXP Shows First FD-SOI Chips   See the Top 20 >> E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page EETimes © 2017 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto DDR4 Set to Account for Largest Share of DRAM Market by Architecture By admin in Uncategorized April 14, 2017 DDR4 and DDR3 forecast to represent 97% of sizzling 2017 DRAM market April 13, 2017– The new, higher-speed DDR4 DRAM generation gained significant marketshare in 2016, representing 45% of total DRAM sales. Previously, DDR3 DRAM, including low-power versions used in tablets, smartphones, and notebook PCs, accounted for 84% of total DRAM sales in 2014 and 76% in 2015, but in 2016, DDR4 price premiums evaporated and prices fell to nearly the same ASP as DDR3 DRAMs. A growing number of microprocessors, like Intel’s newest 14nm x86 Core processors, now contain DDR4 controllers and interfaces. As a result, IC Insights expects DDR4 to become the dominant DRAM generation in 2017 with 58% marketshare versus 39% for DDR3 . Figure 1 The Joint Electron Devices Engineering Council officially launched the fourth generation of DDR in 2012. In 2014, DDR4 memories first began appearing on the market in DRAM modules for powerful servers and a small number of high-end desktop computers, which had souped-up motherboards or the “extreme” versions of Intel’s 22nm Haswell-E processors for high-performance gaming software and PC enthusiasts, but volume sales remained low until 2015, when data centers and Internet companies began loading up servers with the new-generation memories to increase performance and lower power consumption. In 2016, DDR4 memories quickly spread into more data center servers, mainframes, and high-end PCs, accounting for about 45% of total DRAM sales versus 20% in 2015. In 2017, DDR4 will move into more notebook PCs, high-end tablets, and smartphones and is expected to hold a 58% share of DRAM sales. The DDR4 standard contains a number of features that are expected to speed up memory operations and increase SDRAM storage in servers, notebook and desktop PCs, tablet computers, and a wide range of consumer electronics. The DDR4 standard supports stacked memory chips with up to eight devices presenting a single signal load to memory controllers. Compared to DDR3, DDR4 can potentially double the module density, double the speed, and lower power consumption up to 20%, thereby extending battery life in future 64-bit tablets and smartphones. Meanwhile, the DRAM average selling price has been increasing very rapidly since mid-2016. Figure 2 shows that the DRAM ASP increased 54% from $2.41 in April 2016 to $3.70 in February 2017. As a result of this big increase, IC Insights raised its 2017 DRAM market forecast to $57.3 billion, which is a 39% increase over 2016. IC Insights believes that DRAM ASPs will continue to trend upward through most of the first half of 2017, though probably not as rapidly as they did between the period from April 2016 to February 2017. Figure 2 In its latest quarterly financial conference call, Micron indicated its DRAM outlook through the balance of its fiscal year 2017 was very encouraging, with solid demand coming from PC, server, communication, automotive, and several other applications. However, the bigger question for Micron and other top DRAM suppliers is available supply and whether prices plateau and begin trending downward. One indication that DRAM prices could soften in the second half of the year is the fact that Samsung and SK Hynix are bringing additional DRAM capacity online that features smaller process geometries. Samsung is slated to begin operations at its new Fab 18, in Pyeongtaek, South Korea in 2Q17. Fab 18, with capacity of 300,000 300mm wafer starts per month, features five production lines that are dedicated primarily to making DRAM. The company plans to begin DRAM operations at the fab using an 18nm process technology. SK Hynix has transitioned most of its South Korean-based DRAM output from Fab M10 to Fab M14. With Fab M14 and its dedicated DRAM fab in Wuxi, China, SK Hynix has DRAM capacity of about 280,000 300mm wafer starts per month. SK Hynix is manufacturing most of its DRAM at the 21nm node, but expects to begin using sub 20nm process technology later this year, thereby helping to reduce costs and increase the number of chips on a wafer. Following a year of extraordinary gains in pricing, a boost to DRAM supply in the second half of 2017 could lead to reduced ASPs and the inevitable start of a cyclical slowdown in the DRAM market.… Post navigation Credit Suisse leaders offer to cut their bonuses 40 per cent on backlash NXP Shows First FD-SOI Chips Search for: Recent Posts Hackers release documents showing NSA monitored global bank transfers Gael Garcia Bernal toplines Alonso Ruizpalacios’ “Museum” Star Wars: The Last Jedi to be Carrie Fisher aka Princess Leia’s last, she won’t appear in episode IX The Pursuit Of Happiness Black magic! Maserati launches Ghibli ‘Nerissimo’… Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES FEATURES April 15, 2017 | Last updated 3 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: IPL Gitex Shopper UAE holidays 2017 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Dubai gold is Dh6.25 cheaper: Time to buy? Dubai gold rates drop as Fed hike looms Gold Rate Sectors14 Markets7 Automotives Banking2 Construction Employment Features2 General Investment Media Careers2 Energy71 Retail1 Shipping Technology2 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors Toddlers playing with tablets sleep less: Study Japan potato-chip crisis sparks panic buying Wall Street banks thrive and lending stalls Renewables Aviation2 Live Flights top stories in Aviation $9,950 to flyers who give up seats Alitalia workers urged to OK compromise deal ATR signs $536m, 20-aircraft deal with Iran Economy4 Property GN Property top stories in Property Gulf Real Estate Awards: champions of the trade Nakheel to scale up multibillion contracts Aldar targets mid-market housing Money1 Dirhams and Dollars1 Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Venture capital learns to live outside Silicon Valley These days established cities have as much of a pull on these funds Published: 06:27 April 14, 2017 By Richard Florida, Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE The shift of technology start-up companies and talent into cities is taken for granted today, but I would never have predicted it even a decade ago. The leading-edge high-tech companies of the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s, and even the early 2000s — like Intel, Apple and Google — were housed in corporate campuses in Silicon Valley. Microsoft had its headquarters in suburban Redmond, Washington; other high-tech companies clustered along the Route 128 suburbs outside of Boston, in the suburbs of Austin, Texas, or the office parks of North Carolina’s Research Triangle. Back in the late 1980s, when I conducted my early studies of the geography of venture capital and high-tech industry with Martin Kenney, the lion’s share of venture capital backed start-ups were in these suburban areas. That geography has become much more urban. With nearly $6.5 billion in such investment, San Francisco topped the $4.2 billion that the San Jose metro (which encompasses Silicon Valley) received in 2012, ranking as the world’s number-one location for venture capital investment that year. Greater New York took in more than $2 billion, the bulk of it in Lower Manhattan. Those figures grew even larger in 2013. In that year, the San Francisco metro took in a whopping $8.5 billion in venture capital investment, with $6.2 billion of that flowing into the city itself, compared with $4.8 billion in the San Jose metro. Venture capital investment in Greater New York grew to more than $3 billion. Across the US, more than half of this investment and nearly six in 10 start-ups were in urban ZIP codes in 2013. Roughly 60 per cent of venture investment in the Bay Area went to dense, walkable neighbourhoods in urban ZIP codes, and in New York, more than 80 per cent did. In the ZIP codes that received venture capital investment nationwide, the share of workers who walked, biked or used transit to get to work was nearly twice the national average (16.6 per cent in venture capital neighbourhoods, versus 8.4 per cent overall). More than a quarter of venture capital investment nationally was concentrated in neighbourhoods where more than half of all workers walked, biked or used transit, and more than a third was located in neighbourhoods where more than 30 per cent did so. Indeed, urban density has become one of the most important factors in the propagation of high-tech start-ups and the attraction of venture capital investment. The amount of venture capital invested in start-ups is more strongly correlated with population density than it is with either the concentration of highly educated people or the concentration of the creative class, and only slightly less strongly correlated with population density than it is with the concentration of high-tech industry — which is the very thing that attracts venture capital investment to begin with. Even when such investment flows to start-ups in smaller cities and suburbs, it tends to go to the ones that have the most urban characteristics. With more than $1.5 billion in investment, the leading centre for venture capital investment in Silicon Valley is the densest part of Palo Alto surrounding Stanford University. Cambridge, Massachusetts, home to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard, attracted close to $1 billion, more than the suburbs out along Route 128. Dense, walkable Santa Monica attracted double the amount of venture capital that the much larger but more sprawling city of Los Angeles received. The urban shift in technology start-ups extends beyond the US. Once a high-finance centre with little in the way of tech, London is now home to thousands of high-tech companies and tens of thousands of jobs. Its start-ups pull in more than $800 million a year in venture capital, more than in Seattle or Austin. Beijing and Shanghai, Mumbai and Bengaluru, Toronto, Paris and Moscow all number among the world’s 20 leading locations for venture capital investment and start-up companies. Urban start-up hubs are also emerging in Berlin, Amsterdam, Liverpool and Munich in Europe, and Tel Aviv and Amman, Jordan, in the Middle East. Start-ups and cities are a natural match. Urban areas provide the diversity, creative energy, cultural richness, vibrant street life and openness to new ideas that start-up founders are looking for. While many large, well-established tech companies require large headquarter sites and remain in the suburbs, start-ups can make use of the adaptable work spaces that urban industrial and warehouse buildings provide. In the past, the most successful start-ups were those that focused on developing and manufacturing software or hardware, and the large facilities and campuses they required could be more cheaply accommodated in the suburbs. Today’s hottest start-ups involve digital and social media, games and creative applications, which draw on the deep pools of designers, composers, scenarists, musicians, marketers and copywriters that can be found in cities. Other companies, such as Uber and Airbnb Inc., were set up to actually make some aspect of urban life work more efficiently — transportation and short-term housing, respectively. Cities aren’t just locations for these companies, but the sites of the very problems their technologies aim to solve and the platforms for innovation itself. Indeed, the cultural creativity of great cities has proved to be a big draw for talent. New York venture capitalist Fred Wilson told me of a meeting he had with Etsy Inc.’s founder, Rob Kalen. Wilson found him sitting in his office playing his guitar. When Wilson remarked that he hadn’t realised what a talented musician he was, Kalen said: “Fred, you know I’m really an artist. If I had grown up in the 1960s, I would have been a folk musician. If I’d grown up in the 1920s, I would have been a painter. But I grew up in this generation, and my art is making websites.” Wilson added, “There’s more art than science in this kind of tech, and artists, for the most part, congregate in cities.” Back in 2002, in “The Rise of the Creative Class”, I noted the connection of bohemian values, vibrant art and music scenes, and the places that incubate high-tech start-ups. San Francisco was a font of 1960s psychedelia and the home of bands like the Grateful Dead, Jefferson Airplane and Big Brother and the Holding Company. Seattle was the birthplace of Jimi Hendrix, who had such a powerful influence on Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen that Allen opened the Experience Music Project downtown; the city was also the birthplace of the grunge scene that later produced Nirvana. Austin, too, has a vibrant alternative music scene that grew up alongside its tech scene. New York and London are among the world’s artistic and cultural leaders. These are not mere coincidences: Great cities are creative and innovative across the board. In fact, my research shows empirically that artistic and cultural creativity acts alongside the high-tech industry and business and finance to power economic growth. The trend is not so much a startling reversal as a correction of a historical aberration. The venture capital icon Paul Graham saw the writing on the wall in 2006. For all its advantages and power, he wrote, Silicon Valley had a great weakness. This high-tech “paradise”, with its roots in the 1950s and 1960s, had become “one giant parking lot,” he observed. San Francisco and Berkeley are great, but they’re 40 miles away. Silicon Valley proper is soul-crushing suburban sprawl. It has fabulous weather, which makes it significantly better than the soul-crushing sprawl of most other American cities. But a competitor that managed to avoid sprawl would have real leverage. He was right — that’s exactly what happened. More from Features Nothing like having a good story to back stocks VC learns life outside Silicon Valley Making a case for oil to head to $70 by year end London’s wealthy landlords think short-term Trump’s trade swagger will not carry him far Central Bank releases regulation on data privacy The nations most gripped by economic misery $1tr US infrastructure spend could be wasted tags from this storyMicrosoft follow this tag on MGNGoogle follow this tag on MGNLiverpool follow this tag on MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGNJordan follow this tag on MGNApple follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsFeatures tagsMicrosoft follow this tag on MGN+ MGNGoogle follow this tag on MGN+ MGNLiverpool follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNJordan follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In FeaturesNothing like having a good story to back stocks Business Gallery First ‘Silk Road’ train leaves UK for China Pictures: Gitex Shopper Spring 2017 Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Nothing like having a good story to back stocks 02VC learns life outside Silicon Valley 03Making a case for oil to head to $70 by year end Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 15Images First ‘Silk Road’ train leaves UK for China Apr 11, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 1Image Pictures: Nokia 3310 comes back to life at MWC Feb 27, 2017 11Images Pink diamond worth millions shown in London Mar 21, 2017 Currencies currenciesAgainst USDAgainst BHD Against EUR Against GBP Against PHILIPINE PESO Against SAR Against OMR Against QAR Against KWD Against AED Value % Change As on World, UAE Markets Data OverviewGccEuropeAsiau.s. Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg 1d1 Wk1Mth1Qtr1Yr5Yr As on 2017-04-13 16:40:39 Most Popular on Gulf News Isra'a Wal Miraj holiday announced in UAE 2017 UAE holidays Indian expat fired over social media abuse Came with no passport, stayed 48 years Anchor reads news of husband’s death United gets more social media trashing Massage card barrage frustrates residents Tough times ahead for Karama’s strip mall Drug mule with 115 pills in stomach held Close Recommended For You Easter staycations and nifty travel accessoriesPUBLISHED ON Apr 11, 2017 More annual shareholder meetings go virtualPUBLISHED ON Apr 09, 2017 Two killed, five injured in Sharjah firePUBLISHED ON Apr 15, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
skip - skip - Visual Revenue skip - skip - skip - logo schema for google skip - infolinks- inread skip - skip - ad skip - AddBolcker skip - pop skip - Maavaron script Stop animations Toggle contrast Report an accessibility issue  Log in Profile Logout Subscribe now Haaretz - Israel News Saturday, April 15, 2017. Nisan 19, 5777 Time in Israel: 9:59 AM Search Click to search  Share  Tweet  Email  Zen Israel News Opinion U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish World All sections Israel News Israeli Culture Sports Videos Travel in Israel Business Security & Aviation Science U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish Holidays Books Opinion Archaeology Life & Culture Food E-paper Shabbat Times Weather ESSENCE Edition française Israel Real Estate Log in Profile Scroll back Scroll forward skip - Home   >   Israel News   >   Business Israeli Institutions Steer Clear of Venture Capital New drive to enlist domestic money for the local VC industry runs up against the industry's poor record Assa Sasson Apr 13, 2017 11:32 PM comments Print   Zen Subscribe now  Shareshare on facebook  Tweet send via email reddit stumbleupon The Mobileye logo appearing on a screen of the New York Stock Exchange on Monday. The Intel deal may be the harbinger of more Israeli auto tech companies' success. Richard Drew/AP The Israelis who survived the wolves of Wall Street In big day for Israeli high-tech, Valens raises $60 million, Dapulse $25 million Why can’t Israel's army profit from all the tech developed by its soldiers? When Intel agreed to buy Mobileye for $15.2 million last month, a lot of people stood to make money. But few of the beneficiaries were Israel’s institutional investors, the companies that invest the public’s savings. Not long after, the missed opportunity prompted a meeting between Israel’s high-tech and venture capital leaders and Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon. They urged him to take measure to correct the long-festering problem of Israeli savings failing to get a piece of the country’s high-tech action because Israeli institutions have traditionally shunned investing in the country’s venture capital funds. With investment capital so hard to raise, Israeli VCs have been crowded out by foreign funds: Only 13% of all money invested in high-tech companies last year came from Israeli funds. Kahlon was sympathetic to the problems, but perhaps that is because he didn’t know the whole story. The fact is Israeli VCs have not turned in competitive returns over the years, a survey by TheMarker has founded. Among other things, none were invested in Mobileye, the biggest exit ever by Israeli tech company. As private investors, VC funds do not have to disclose their performance metrics, but some of the funds’ returns can be discovered by looking into the financial reports of the few institutions that have invested in them. Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email* Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close The Capital Markets Authority reports that Israeli institution had just 3 billion shekels ($820 million) invested in VC funds, 2.5 billion of it in domestic funds at the end of last year. That is just 90.2% of their assets TheMarker compared VC performance with the Tel; Aviv Stock Exchange’s TA-125 index, although that is an unfair comparison because the stock market is a liquid investment while VCs are long-term ones. Ordinarily the premium for having funds tied up for so long should be 20% to 30%. In addition, it’s the nature of VC funds that they invest in their early years and only see the returns much later when their portfolio of companies exit. TheMarker avoided this problem by surveying older funds. Moreover, venture capital funds collect management fees of 2-2.5% annually, which is much higher than provident funds collect (1.05% from the principal and 6% on deposits) or pension funds 0.5% and 6%, respectively). All of that works against institutions investing in VCS. “At the end of the day, the goal of institutions is to achieve the best possible retain for its investors at a reasonable level of risk – it’s not our money,” said on institutional investment manager. Looking at funds that were formed around the year 2000, there’s a big different in performance. The best of them, with a 60% return was the Delta Fund, while the worst, Hyperion), had a negative return of 63%, including management fees. In any case, investing in the TA-125 would have yielded a return of 156%. Two funds dating from 2002-02 both showed poor performances – Aviv 1 had a negative return of 42% and Vitalife had a negative return of 18%, while the TA-125 generated a 180% return. For 2005-05-vintage funds, the top-performing JVP 4generated a 778% return – good but less than the TA-125’s 96%. Funding firmed in 2007 have generated negative returns of between 38% and 72%, versus 35% for the TA-125. “In the past institutions invested not a little money in VC funds, said one institutional investors, who asked not to be named. “The problem with these funds is that the level of risk is very high mainly because they are investing an in industry where only 5% of the companies succeed. In addition, then funds are volatile. One bad year is enough to ruin yields for years following. And because it’s a fund, it’s not an investment that you can exit – your stuck for 10 years.” That said, he said he saw signs that the Israel’s VC industry was maturing. In the past too much VC money was chasing after two few companies, raising valuations and making it harder to earn returns. “Now they’re raising significantly less money,” he said. Assa Sasson Haaretz Contributor Assa Sasson Send me email alerts for new articles by Assa Sasson Send Close Email * Please enter your email Assa Sasson For a list of Haaretz newsletters, click here. Close  Send me email alerts for new articles by Assa Sasson Send me email alerts Want to enjoy 'Zen' reading - with no ads and just the article? Subscribe today Subscribe now Back to page skip - skip all comments Comments Sign in to join the conversation. Add a comment Name * Required field Subject * Required field Comment Send Cancel By adding a comment, I agree to this site’s Terms of use Thank you! Your comment was successfully submitted and will be published in accordance with site policy. If you would like to be notified when your comment is published, please fill in your email address in the form below. Email * Please enter valid email Keep me posted No thanks Please wait… An error has occurred Please try again later Close Sort comments by Newest first Oldest first Top-rated first Expand all 1 Reply Close Reply Close Load more Loading more comments skip - gone viral on facbook/haaretzcom Gone Viral Trending Now Analysis Signs Show Moscow Increasingly Fed Up With Assad Forget Iran. Is the Fertility Rate the Real Threat to Israel's Existence? Why Members of the 'Putin Aliyah' Are Abandoning Israel The Forgotten Genocidal Commandment Behind the Exodus Story Israel business news Rabbis Arrested in Passover-themed Pro-immigrant Rallies in L.A. and N.Y. By Debra Nussbaum Cohen6 hours ago This is a primium article Anti-Assad? You Are Supporting the Murder of Christians By Abed L. Azab18 hours ago This is a primium article 2 comments 2 Why Do They Dress Up Like the KKK in Spain for Easter? By Elon Gilad22 hours ago 1 comments 1 WATCH Video Shows U.S. Dropping 'Mother of All Bombs' on ISIS in Afghanistan By Haaretz19 hours ago This article contains a video 2 comments 2 'Mother of All Bombs' Is The Mother of All Messages By Anshel Pfeffer1 hour ago This article contains a slideshow gallery 5 comments 5 Promoted content WATCH 'He Found the Matzo, Pay Up!' Larry David's Hilarious Passover Seder By Haaretz18 hours ago Welcome to the Holocaust Center By Iris Lealyesterday This is a primium article 1 comments 1 What Is MOAB, 'Mother of All Bombs,' and What Is It Capable Of Security & Aviation What the Escalating U.S.-Russia Tension Over Syria Means for Israel Iran's Exiled Prince Wants a Revolution - Even With the Help of Israel or Trump U.S. Drops MOAB, 'Mother of All Bombs,' in Afghanistan Why Is Russia Meddling in the Middle East Anyway? skip - Subscribe element skip - ICYMI Scroll back 'Mother of All Bombs' Is Trump's Mother of All Messages Bannon and Kushner Feud Brings anti-Semitism Out of Hiding Analysis Trump's Demolition of Putin Propaganda Trying to Cover Up Chemical Attack By Apologizing to Adelson, Spicer Added a Sin to His Hitler-Assad Crime Iran's Exiled Prince Wants a Revolution - Even With the Help of Israel or Trump WATCH Spicer on Syria Gas Attack: Hitler Didn't Sink to Using Chemical Weapons Syria Gas Attack: Israeli-Arab Journalist Asks Arab Leaders - Where Are You, Traitors? Analysis Trump's Real Target in U.S. Strike in Syria Wasn't Assad How Breitbart Is Covering Bannon's Removal From National Security Council We Tried Out the New Google Translate - and It Isn’t About to Replace Humans Silverman Slams Occupation in New Haggadah: 'Jews Know Oppression' New Pyramid Discovered in Egypt Amsterdam Residents Remove Holocaust Plaque Because It Reminds Them of Jew's Murder Israel vs. America: What Jewish Millennials Think About God and the Occupation Hints of Disaster Found Under The Dead Sea Bed Opinion Boycott Israel's Beloved Chocolate Spread Jewish Group Blacklists U.S. Professors Who Back Academic Boycott of Israel Cameras Are Changing the Fight Against the Israeli Occupation. This Is How Opinion Boycott Israel's Beloved Chocolate Spread Nikki Haley, Rock Star to the Jews and Their Knight in Shining Armor Scroll forward FAQ Contact us Newsletters Terms and conditions Privacy policy Management Editorial Accessibility Advertise on Haaretz.com RSS Contact us Download our Android app Download our iOS app gPlus Facebook Twitter Israel News Middle East Jewish World U.S./World Business Partnerships Dan Hotels in Tel Aviv Haaretz Labels Michael Laitman Life Archaeology Science Sports Culture Purim Books Travel Theater Movies and TV Food Poem of the Week Columnists Bradley Burston Chemi Shalev Allison Kaplan Sommer Anshel Pfeffer Sayed Kashua Ilene Prusher David Rosenberg Carlo Strenger Vered Guttman Opinion Daily Cartoon Letters to the Editor הארץ מתכונים לפסח חדשות גלריה ספורט ספרים סרטים מומלצים קפטן אינטרנט TheMarker Finance חדשות שוק ההון צרכנות נדל"ן Haaretz.com, the online edition of Haaretz Newspaper in Israel, and analysis from Israel and the Middle East. Haaretz.com provides extensive and in-depth coverage of Israel, the Jewish World and the Middle East, including defense, diplomacy, the Arab-Israeli conflict, the peace process, Israeli politics, Jerusalem affairs, international relations, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, the Palestinian Authority, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, the Israeli business world and Jewish life in Israel and the Diaspora. © Haaretz Daily Newspaper Ltd. All Rights Reserved skip - new Analytics skip - skip - default close skip - skip - skip - Crazy egg skip - collecting surfing data - responsive skip - skip - skip - skip - access list by IP script skip - skip - skip - skip - maavaron
Saturday, April 15, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets Workers suffer when militarized police and Big Green get together by Ron Arnold | Aug 19, 2014, 5:00 PM A debate about the militarization of Minnesota police forces has been renewed in light of the shooting of Michael Brown by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo. (AP Photo/The St. Cloud Times, Jason Wachter) While all eyes turn to the gunfire and Molotov cocktails of War Zone Ferguson, Mo., many minds turn to questions of mindless faith in the political establishment. What’s happening to us? One such mind belongs to basketball champion turned actor and best-selling author, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, whose Monday commentary on Ferguson for Time Magazine bore the chilling headline, "The Coming Race War Won’t Be About Race." It will be about class warfare, he predicted, the powerful and wealthy elite against the 50 million Americans who are poor – black, Latino and white. “Fifty million voters is a powerful block if they ever organized in an effort to pursue their common economic goals,” Abdul-Jabbar wrote. This great icon’s class warfare insight reaches farther than he knows, into the multimillions of marginalized, demonized and despised workers of the resource class — loggers, coal miners, cattle ranchers, commercial fishermen, oil rig roustabouts, tunnel blasters, heavy equipment operators, and on and on, every one of us who gets dirty hands making the stuff of elite splendor and majesty — and, yes, I once shoveled foundation trenches and shouldered kegs of ten-penny brights (nails) for a living. All these hardworking people are mocked, devalued and destroyed by Big Green’s privileged few, as told in the recent Senate report, “How a Club of Billionaires and Their Foundations Control the Environmental Movement and Obama’s EPA.” It’s a class warfare warning. Natural Resources Defense Council President Frances Beinecke (heiress of the Sperry & Hutchinson fortune) doesn’t help the poor with their economic goals using her $427,595 annual compensation or the group’s $241.8 million assets, but ruins every resource worker possible. The Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation’s chief investment officer, Denise Strack, doesn’t help the poor with their economic goals using her $1.6 million annual compensation or the foundation’s $5.6 billion assets from the Intel fortune, but helps ruin every resource worker possible. Big Green conducts class war with its power over the federal government. If that sounds impossible, let me tell you a story. On July 27, 1991, 30 U.S. Forest Service agents on horseback, some armed with semi-automatic weapons and wearing bulletproof vests, raided rancher Wayne Hage’s cattle in Meadow Canyon in the Toiyabe National Forest, high in the mountains of central Nevada. The cows were drinking from disputed water and were to be impounded that day, destroying Hage’s livelihood — and dooming some of the meat supply that gave minimum-wage urban burger flippers something to flip. The agents hoped to infuriate Hage into violence and kill him. However, he showed up with a camera, immortalized them on film, sued them, and after years in a federal court, won a ruling that he owned the water. The Forest Service had no right to impound his cattle. A court document showed that David Young, special agent in charge of the raid, had personally brought with him several Remington Model 870 pump-action 12 gauge shotguns, Ruger Mini-14 semi-automatic rifles, Sig Sauer P220 .45 caliber semi-automatic pistols and a Smith & Wesson Model 36 .38 caliber revolver. On April 2, 1990, Deputy Chief of the U.S. Forest Service James C. Overbay sent a letter to his subordinate regional foresters, urging support of environmentalists in return for their help supporting larger Forest Service fish and wildlife budgets, removal of ranchers, and expansion of USFS authority and power. It said: “Conservation groups representing the organized wildlife and fish interests across the country have given considerable effort, time, and money to help the Forest Service promote these important programs. We need the support of these groups to avoid possible reductions in fish and wildlife budgets. They would like to see the results of these efforts. We owe this to them.” A little over a year later, the Forest Service paid off rich environmentalists by ruining Wayne Hage. The service's culture of resource stewardship was drifting far from its conservation roots to political obsequiousness and ostentatious zeal. Overbay had already devastated other ranchers with less publicity, but it was the Hage raid that reinforced Cliven Bundy’s misguided beliefs about federal authority and led to President Obama’s Bureau of Land Management storming the Bundy ranch from attack helicopters duded up in military-grade body armor, flashing short-barreled assault rifles, and crashing around in armored vehicles – enough combat equipment to remove the tinfoil hat stigma from the black helicopter crowd’s collective head. As John Steinbeck famously wrote in The Grapes of Wrath: “Repression works only to strengthen and knit the oppressed.” A rabble in arms materialized from all over the West to protect the Bundy ranch – ready to die. It was blatant armed insurrection, but federal prudence prevailed and the BLM stood down – prosecutors are dealing with it now. The militarization of federal agencies has a long history but should have a short future. Big Green’s federal power grip needs to be smashed and its storm troopers disarmed. In June, Rep. Chris Stewart, R-Utah, introduced the Regulatory Agency Demilitarization Act, to stem the trend of federal regulatory agencies developing SWAT-like teams. Maybe it’s unrealistic, but perhaps Kareem Abdul-Jabbar could recommend a diplomatic mission from the poor to the reviled workers of the resource class, put aside any past hurts and hates for a while, and organize in an effort to pursue their common economic goals. RON ARNOLD, a Washington Examiner columnist, is executive vice president of the Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise. Law Enforcement Energy and Environment National Security Columnists Ron Arnold Opinion Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 4 hours ago Pence to spend Easter visiting troops in South Korea 3 hours ago Trump's Pentagon nominees head to Senate, but they bring baggage 3 hours ago In search of a rational middle ground in the climate change debate 11 hours ago Bernie Sanders gives the scoop to Ben & Jerry's employees 12 hours ago ACLU: Trump won't release visitor logs because he has 'many things to hide' 13 hours ago Dakota Access to begin shipping crude in May 14 hours ago 'You fly!': Watch Rep. Joe Wilson take a back seat ride in a Lockheed jet 14 hours ago Mattis headed to the Middle East, Africa 15 hours ago US deploys F-35s to Putin's doorstep amid Russia tension 17 hours ago Trump finally refocuses on Obamacare overhaul 21 hours ago Afghan government: 'Mother of All Bombs' kills 36 ISIS fighters, no civilian casualties 21 hours ago Russia is watching us. Good! 1 day ago Christina Hoff Sommers: Intersectionality at center of campus free speech crisis 1 day ago Nobody should vote their 'economic interests' 1 day ago 'The first protest in space' takes aim at Trump 1 day ago Sheriff Arpaio's lawyers want Jeff Sessions to testify at trial About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: April 15, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to print to PDF on iPhone, iPad, and Mac Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple be left with no choice but to do the wrong thing with the iPhone 8? Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How Apple Watch could improve with watchOS 4 this year Trending in Apple How to power the MacBook Pro with an eGPU using Nvidia’s new Pascal drivers Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How iPhone and iPad could improve with iOS 11 this year Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How Mac could improve with macOS 10.13 this year Yesterday AAPL: 141.05 -0.75 Here’s what the Hackintosh community wants in the new modular Mac Pro Jordan Kahn - Apr. 14th 2017 2:47 pm PT @JordanKahn Mac Pro Hackintosh View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The Hackintosh community is probably best described as a group that doesn’t love Apple’s hardware options for pros but would prefer not to give up macOS for Windows or another alternative. They put together their own custom PC builds, and work together to come up with the necessary hacks to get macOS and the software they need running on the machines. Who better to ask what Apple should include in its upcoming modular Mac Pro than the pros that it has pushed away? To find out what Hackintoshers want in the new machine, and maybe what would help bring back some pros that Apple has lost in recent years, we’ve talked to the moderators at one of our favourite Hacktinosh communities, tonymacx86.com. We also got some input from our own resident Hackintosh enthusiast (and YouTuber) Jeff Benjamin, and some other pros and gamers that have made the jump from Apple’s pro machines to a Hackintosh. The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac pastrychef (tonymacx86 mod): The biggest backlash regarding the Mac Pro 6,1 was, by far, the proprietary graphics card slots. A return of PCI-e slots for user upgradeable GPUs will instantly win back many customers. I’d like to see Apple go one step further to show that they are committed to pros by eliminating the need for customized firmware to get boot screens when using aftermarket graphics cards. This will win them back a lot of faith. I think it’s also important that Apple continues to keep the CPUs in Mac Pros socketed.#5 I know it’s a long shot, but I’m sure many users would benefit from an “entry level” Mac Pro that uses E series Intel CPUs (as in Haswell-E, Broadwell-E). Many people need more cores but don’t necessarily need ECC RAM. Apple can even limit it to a single PCI-e slot (née ITX) so as to have more differentiation from “high end” Mac Pros. I believe such a machine would sell like hotcakes. I was thinking about usage of standard M.2 slots, but we would still be faced with the issue of Apple using 4K sector size… tonymacx86: The Hackintosh community in particular would like the modular Mac Pro to have removable, upgradeable parts. This is what draws people to make a custom build- like PCIe based graphics cards, removable SATA and/or m.2 SSDs, RAM slots, PCIe slots for expansion, multiple graphics ports, USB ports. Thunderbolt 3 would be a nice feature, and seems to be picking up some steam although I think more users would like traditional expansion methods. To be able to access the inside of the case would be great- kind of like the old style non-cylinder Mac Pro. We’d also like to see adoption of NVIDIA graphics cards, possibly even simple off the shelf retail access for macOS capable GPUs. Oh and non-proprietary interfaces and the ability to replace stuff without voiding the warranty or visiting the Apple Store would be key. Jeff Benjamin (9to5Mac): The main thing that I desire from a professional Mac setup is something that Apple seems to be promising — regular hardware updates. Of course, true modularity is highly desired, but regular updates are even more important for a product that should stand head and shoulders above every other hardware offering in Apple’s lineup. Of course, we need to see regular CPU and GPU updates, but we should also need to see timely hardware advances when such progress is made within the industry (PCIe 4.0, for example). As long as Apple is able to pull off some form of modularity — either full off-the-shelf component support, or limited partner support — and its able to provide consistent timely hardware updates system-wide, then I think the Mac Pro is destined to be viewed as a success amongst the Pro constituency. Read Jeff’s guide: Building a (sub-$1000) Hackintosh that meets the Oculus Rift hardware requirements trs96(tonymacx86 mod): How about non-proprietary M.2 connection slots. If I really have to pay triple the going market price for a larger NVME drive it puts the Mac Pro out of reach of myself and many people. Also, I would be completely surprised if Apple would allow the end user to install their own PC graphics card. My feeling is that they will continue to use the much more costly workstation class cards be they from AMD or Nvidia. If so, a choice of either brand would be awesome. 9to5Mac’s own Jeff Benjamin Hackintoshing Going Bald (tonymacx86 mod): +1 on the non-propriety m.2 slots. Would also like to see the BT/WiFi slots be industry standard so we are not locked into the Apple branded cards only. Really would like to see the return of the superdrive for both DVD and Blu-ray as a standard and have it also be an off-the-shelf model without proprietary connections or firmware. WonkeyDonkey (tonymacx86 mod): Fair play. There is that risk with modular for sure. Modular to them does not necessarily mean the same modular as we understand it. With the exception of AMD graphics, Apple seem to have been quite relaxed regarding the software I think. They could make a proper modular system (As we understand it) but then make life quite difficult for us with the software. We know the community could make some or most of it available, but Apple could still screw us over if they wanted to. Greg Gladwell (Switching to Hackintosh for gaming, GPU options): If I don’t do this, it’s probably a complete defection back to Windows and look for alternative solutions to various use cases I have. I simply would feel like I’m being taken for a ride shelling out money for an Apple computer now given the disparity between cost and experience; there used to be a closer correlation between the two. Now the price premium has gone up and the experience premium has gone down, the difference is untenable for me… A genuinely useful/up to date GPU for gaming and VR (Elite Dangerous, Doom in Windows, Oculus rift in Windows, etc) and better bang for the buck overall. The announcement and subsequent release of the Pascal architecture drivers by Nvidia is perfect timing, and makes things even more appealing, although I have to wait a bit to see what the community makes of them before I leap in – so a couple of weeks. MacMan (tonymacx86 mod): Dual industry standard M.2 slots, PCIe 3.0 slot for NVIDIA or AMD GPU. USB 3.0, USB-C and dual Thunderbolt 3 ports. 10Gbps Copper would be nice since it’s common on servers and cheaper than fiber. Adrian B (tonymacx86 mod): PCIe 4.0 needs to be available. My understanding is that PCIe 4.0 is coming to Intel Kaby Lake second generation and AMD Ryzen second generation hardware which will be available in the Windows market place around the time (or before) Apple release the new Mac Pro machine(s). The main PCIe 4.0 benefit is going to revolve around increased network and data transfer speeds. I fully accept that straight out the box the benefits will be limited for most users just as they were with ThunderBolt. Apple haven’t updated the Mac Pro for close to 4 years and even when first released it used end of life hardware for the motherboard and CPU with old AMD graphics. It would be nice if Apple released hardware that was bang up to date and looked to the future. Features like PCIe 4.0 could be used within the lifetime of the original user. Adding value and giving a modern spec to hardware is really needed to give many in the bigger Apple community faith that Apple take their higher end users seriously. My worry about Apple creating a ‘modular’ design is that it will have interchangeable items such as GPU cards that Apple will produce and that will rely on Apple propriety connection rather than standardised PC fitment such as PCIe slots. I hope that I am wrong but the marketing use of ‘modular’ in the terms of design and manufacture makes me nervous. Are you a Hackintosher? Let us know in the comments what you want in the new modular Mac Pro. Top image: Mac Pro concept.  Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB Guides Mac Pro View THe Guide Hackintosh View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Market, Industry, Medical Equipment – 2016 Market Overview, Trends, Research, Survey, Growth, Analysis Pune, Maharashtra — (SBWIRE) — 04/14/2017 — Market Highlights Global High Performance Data Analytics Market is growing rapidly and the main factor which is supporting the market is increasing application areas and wide adaptability. Growing interest of government, industrial sectors and academics towards HPDA is helping the market to grow. In the year 2015, the global market size of high performance data analysis has been valued at US ~$25.2 billion which is growing with CAGR of ~18%. Growing demand for big data analytics and market of data interpretation is expected to drive the market to US ~$82 billion by the end of forecast period. Market Research Future Analysis: The market of HPDA is expected to grow immensely during the forecast period where North America is expected to account for largest market share. Going ahead, growing manufacturing industry in China and growing economy of China, India and other countries of Asia-Pacific is supporting the market in this region. Also, Asia-Pacific stands as second biggest market followed by Europe region. Key Players – Cisco system, Inc. (U.S.), – Red hat, Inc. (U.S.), – IBM Corporation (U.S.), – Hewlett-Packard Enterprise (U.S.), – Oracle Corporation (U.S.), – Microsoft Corporation (U.S.), – Cray Inc. (U.S.), – Intel Corporation (U.S.), – Juniper Networks (U.S.), – ATOS SE (France) among others. Request a Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1828 Segments Segmentation by Component: – Hardware – Software. Segmentation by Technologies: – Structured, – Semi-Structured – Unstructured. Segmentation by Application: – Manufacturing, – Financial, – Telecommunications, – Healthcare, – Retailers – Energy among Others. Test the market data and market information presented through more than 50 market data tables and figures spread over 80 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on „High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Market Research Report- Global Forecast to 2022.” Target Audience: – Software vendors – Software developers – System integrators – Research & consultants – IT and Cloud service providers – Government The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions. Browse full report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/high-performance-data-analytics-hpda-market Key questions answered in this report – What will the market size be in 2022 and what will the growth rate be? – What are the key market trends? – What is driving this market? – What are the challenges to market growth? – Who are the key vendors in this market space? – What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? – What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Related Report Global Analytics as a Service Market, by Type (Predictive analytics, Prescriptive analytics, Descriptive analytics), by Application (Retail, Government, Healthcare, Energy, Banking & Finance, Manufacturing) – Forecast 2022.Know more about this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/analytics-as-a-service-market About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Contact: Akash Anand, Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Breast Imaging Market Shows Positive Signs of Growth During the Forecast Period 2017-2022 Next PostNext Global Organic Baby Formula Market 2017 Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts 2012-2022 Report On Global Dry Ice Market Competition, Status And Forecast, Market Size By Players, Regions, Type, Application APAC Data Center Precision Air Conditioner Market to Grow at a High CAGR of around 9.47% by 2021- Key Vendors & Landscape, Trends, Challenges, and Drivers, Analysis, & Forecasts 2012-2022 Report On Global Crude Steel Market Competition, Status And Forecast, Market Size By Players, Regions, Type, Application Cosmetic Packaging Products Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application; Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin Analysis to 2022 FreeRunner: Rooftop Escape: The Ultimate Arcade Game for Everyone is Seeking Support on Kickstarter Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Close Lobbying by Trump associates highlights foreign agent law - Brownsville Herald: Elections Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 80° Few Clouds Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest Truck rollover on North Highway 281 delays traffic on busy holiday weekend NORTH OF EDINBURG – About 3 p.m. Friday, two separate crashes occurred on northbound U.S. Highway 281, north of Farm-to-Market Road 490, causing travel delays as the Easter holiday weekend begins. Posted: April 14 rss Texas News US eyes more border prosecutions in shift for California Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 4 Evening' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Evening' game Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Evening' game Executing multiple inmates the same day was common, now rare Texas court won't release 'affluenza' defendant from jail Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Uno, dos, tres, Garcias! White Sox OF filled with Garcias AP MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — If Chicago White Sox manager Rick Renteria wants to get Garcia's attention in the outfield on Friday night against Minnesota, he is going to have to be more specific. Posted: April 14 Sports, Professional Soccer, Soccer More From The Latest DeLaet, Donald share lead after 2 rounds at RBC Heritage Thunder's Westbrook focused on playoffs, not historic season Clear the Air: Rays bring filter system to road clubhouses Ex-NFL star Hernandez, serving life, acquitted in 2 slayings Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Puzzles Comics Kingdom Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Elections Lobbying by Trump associates highlights foreign agent law Story Comments Image (2) Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Matt Rourke Lobbying by Trump associates highlights foreign agent law In this photo taken July 17, 2016 photo, Paul Manafort talks to reporters on the floor of the Republican National Convention at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland. Manafort says he’s registering with the Justice Department as a foreign agent. Michael Flynn already did. And in both cases the filings by associates of President Donald Trump will come after the fact and accompanied by the admission that they violated federal law. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke) Carolyn Kaster Lobbying by Trump associates highlights foreign agent law FILE - In this Feb. 1, 2017 file photo, then-National Security Adviser Michael Flynn speaks during the daily news briefing at the White House in Washington. Paul Manafort says he’s registering with the Justice Department as a foreign agent. Flynn already did. And in both cases the filings by associates of President Donald Trump will come after the fact and accompanied by the admission that they violated federal law. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) Posted: Friday, April 14, 2017 2:09 pm | Updated: 2:31 pm, Fri Apr 14, 2017. Lobbying by Trump associates highlights foreign agent law Associated Press | WASHINGTON (AP) — Paul Manafort says he's registering with the Justice Department as a foreign agent. Michael Flynn already has. In both cases, the decisions to register by these associates of President Donald Trump came late — after the lobbying has already taken place — and accompanied by an admission that they violated federal law. The high-profile filings are putting a spotlight on the Foreign Agents Registration Act, a law enacted before World War II with the goal of unmasking foreign influence campaigns in the U.S. The idea was simple: Lobbyists and others who work on behalf of a foreign government or political interest must disclose to the Justice Department and to the public their work to sway public opinion and U.S. policy. But the cases of Manafort, who was forced out as Trump's campaign chairman , and Flynn, who was fired as the president's national security adviser , have raised questions, particularly in light of the continuing scrutiny of the foreign entanglements of several Trump associates. A few answers: ___ Q: WHAT IS THE FOREIGN AGENTS REGISTRATION ACT? A: Congress enacted the 1938 statute in response to covert Nazi propaganda agents operating in the U.S. It requires individuals who act in the U.S. on behalf of foreign political parties, people or governments to register as foreign agents with the Justice Department. Registrants are expected to disclose whom they work for and how much they're paid, and to describe their activities. They're also expected to conspicuously disclose that mailings, letters, opinion pieces or other material they distribute are on behalf of a foreign principal, and that additional details about their efforts are available in Justice Department files. There are exceptions in the law for foreign diplomats and foreign government officials, and for people engaged in solely religious, academic, commercial or scientific activities. ___ Q: HOW DOES IT WORK? A: In practice, lobbyists file reports that can list meetings, phone calls and even emails on behalf of their foreign clients. They must disclose the names of people they meet with and the issues they discussed. The foreign agent must register within 10 days of agreeing to perform the foreign work, before beginning any activities. After that, supplemental reports must be filed every six months, as long as the foreign agent work is ongoing, and the Justice Department must be notified when the agreement is terminated. The reports are posted on a searchable public website: https://www.fara.gov/ ___ Q: WHY DID FLYNN REGISTER? A: Flynn and his firm, Flynn Intel Group, registered as foreign agents in March for work performed for a Turkish-owned business. In the registration, Flynn acknowledged that the work could have principally benefited Turkey's government. Flynn, a retired U.S. Army lieutenant general and former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, was on contract with the company while he was a senior Trump campaign adviser. Over the course of the three-month contract with the company, Inovo BV, Flynn's firm was paid $530,000. Flynn's filing showed the breadth of activities considered foreign-agent work. While his firm performed some lobbying, most of its work was gathering adverse information on Turkish cleric Fethullah Gulen, who lives in Pennsylvania. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan blames Gulen for a failed coup attempt in Turkey last summer and is pushing for the U.S. to extradite him. Gulen denies involvement, and the U.S. has rebuffed Erdogan's request. The goal of Flynn's work, according to his filing, was to develop information that would convince American officials to pursue criminal charges against Gulen. The Associated Press has since learned that Flynn's firm also pushed for a congressional investigation of Gulen during an October meeting. The request was refused. ___ Q: WHAT PROMPTED MANAFORT TO SAY HE WOULD FILE? A: His spokesman says Manafort worked to further Ukrainian political interests . Spokesman Jason Maloni confirmed the intent to register months after the AP reported that his consulting firm had orchestrated a covert Washington lobbying operation on behalf of Ukraine's ruling political party. That effort, from 2012 through 2014, was never disclosed to the Justice Department. Maloni said Manafort began discussions with the U.S. government about his lobbying activities after he joined the Trump campaign. It's unclear whether the conversations came before or after Trump forced Manafort to resign his post, on the same day as the AP report of unregistered lobbying. The Podesta Group, a Washington lobbying firm, has already retroactively registered for its part in the Ukrainian influence campaign. The firm was one of two that worked under the direction of Manafort and his former deputy, Rick Gates. The other firm involved, Mercury LLC, says it also will register soon. ___ Q: DOES RETROACTIVE REGISTRATION FLOUT THE LAW? A: Perhaps, although the Justice Department favors administrative enforcement over criminal punishment and sees value in disclosure no matter when it's made. "The statute's purpose isn't necessarily served by after-the-fact registration, especially where the registration is after the activity on behalf of a foreign interest has ceased," said Stephen Vladeck, a national security law professor at the University of Texas at Austin. "But for better or worse, DOJ has at least sometimes allowed individuals to escape liability by registering after the fact, especially in cases in which the initial failure to register appeared to be negligent, not intentional," Vladeck wrote in an email. In a statement, the Justice Department said it always strives for compliance with the registration requirement and to ensure the accuracy of information about the political activities of those who register. "This is true whether such information pertains to current or past activity," the statement read. "Requiring registration for past activities ensures that these objectives are met and that an accurate public record is created and maintained." ___ Q: WHY ARE THESE CASES ONLY RARELY PROSECUTED? A: Transparency, rather than punishment, is the law's primary purpose. "Not every violation is worth prosecuting," said Amy Jeffress, a former Justice Department national security official. Federal prosecutors typically don't prosecute failure to disclose unless they can prove that it was intentional, she said. Dan Pickard, a partner at the Washington law firm Wiley Rein, said that proving criminal intent can be difficult because of the obscurity of the foreign agent law. "To show a willful intent not to register is a tall order," Pickard said. An August report from the department's inspector general's office counted seven criminal cases under the law between 1966 and 2015, and cited "differing understandings" between FBI officials and Justice Department prosecutors about the statute's intent. Justice Department officials believe the law's primary purpose is not to secure criminal convictions. They cite a separate statute, which makes it a crime to spy or conduct other espionage-like activities on behalf of a foreign government, as a point of focus. But FBI officials say they believe federal prosecutors aren't aggressive enough in pursuing punishments for people who fail to register. ___ Q: HOW DOES THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT ENFORCE THE LAW? A: A small staff in the Foreign Agent Registration Act unit keeps the records and undertakes open-source research. The unit routinely combs the Lobbying Disclosure Act database and news reports looking for lobbying work that should be disclosed as foreign agent work. When the unit finds a likely case, it sends letters of inquiry to the lobbying firms, asking them to turn over documentation and to register as foreign agents if the work qualifies. There's a catch, though. The letters don't have the same power as a subpoena, meaning the unit relies on voluntary disclosure. The Justice Department has pushed for Congress to grant subpoena authority in cases going back to the early 1990s. So far, Congress hasn't given it. ___ Follow Chad Day and Eric Tucker on Twitter: https://twitter.com/ChadSDay and https://twitter.com/etuckerAP Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Government And Politics HTML: Capital Punishment in the US HTML: Death Penalty Laws by State Executing multiple inmates the same day was common, now rare Executing multiple inmates the same day was common, now rare Executing multiple inmates the same day was common, now rare More about National Security White House decides to keep visitor records secret ARTICLE: White House decides to keep visitor records secret N. Korean official: Ready for war if Trump wants it N. Korean official: Ready for war if Trump wants it New leak suggests NSA penetrated Mideast banking networks More about Military And Defense Officials: No need for Trump's approval to use massive bomb ARTICLE: Officials: No need for Trump's approval to use massive bomb White House decides to keep visitor records secret ARTICLE: White House decides to keep visitor records secret Trump strategy on NKorea: 'Maximum pressure and engagement' Discuss Print Posted in Elections on Friday, April 14, 2017 2:09 pm. Updated: 2:31 pm. | Tags: Government And Politics, National Security, Military And Defense, Lobbying, Political Issues, Statutes, Legislation, Legislature, Laws, Campaign Laws, Campaigns, Elections, Political Organizations | Location Tags: Ukraine, Eastern Europe, Europe, Turkey, Western Europe, Middle East, United States, North America Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition Online Features Real Estate Before Buying a Home, Learn the Lingo! Plumbing the possibilities: Kitchens,... Brandpoint (BPT) Instilling garage logic in your kids Brandpoint (BPT) Top 6 home decorating trends Brandpoint (BPT) How PMI can make your dream of home s... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 mistakes to avoid when buying your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Tips for choosing an energy-efficient... Brandpoint (BPT) Spring home improvements you can do i... Brandpoint (BPT) The lowdown on low down payment mortgage Brandpoint (BPT) 7 home improvements to tackle before ... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Popular Commented Facebook Activity Stories Family: Remains identified as missing San Benito teen Port Isabel man wins $2.5 million in lottery scratch off ticket Annual ‘longest yard sale’ set for early May Human remains identified as those of missing San Benito teen Nahomi Rodriguez Former Tampaulipas governor Tomas Yarrington nabbed in Italy More Photos More Videos More tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes Large Executive Suite available for rent at Villa de Cortez Updated: April 12 Office Bldg. for Sale or Lease in McAllen. Bldg. 2,433 Updated: 5:01 am FOR LEASE EDINBURG Updated: 5:01 am More Homes Cars 2006 Suzuki Blvd C50 Motorcycle (black) 2900 miles $2850, clean $2,850 Updated: 5:01 am 2011 Toyota Rav-4 Like New, Must See, $12,300 OBO. Call $12,300 Updated: 5:01 am 2012 Nissan Frontier Like New, Must Sell $13,500 Call 956-410-2050 $13,500 Updated: 5:01 am More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Before Buying a Home, Learn the Lingo! Plumbing the possibilities: Kitchens,... Brandpoint (BPT) Instilling garage logic in your kids Brandpoint (BPT) Top 6 home decorating trends Brandpoint (BPT) How PMI can make your dream of home s... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 mistakes to avoid when buying your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Tips for choosing an energy-efficient... Brandpoint (BPT) Spring home improvements you can do i... Brandpoint (BPT) The lowdown on low down payment mortgage Brandpoint (BPT) 7 home improvements to tackle before ... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Better battery life with Microsoft Edge There’s a good chance you’ve noticed that Microsoft Edge and other popular browsers have recently been focused on improving battery life. We’ve been paying particular attention to this with Windows 10, and the response has been great. Windows users spend more than half their time on the web, so improvements here have a significant effect on your device’s battery life. We’re committed to giving you the best, fastest, and most efficient browser possible. In this post, I’ll share some of the new energy efficiency improvements available with the Windows 10 Creators Update. [embedded content] Comparing the latest versions of major browsers on Windows, the trends are similar to what we’ve seen with previous releases. According to our tests on the Windows 10 Creators Update – based on an open-source test which simulates typical browsing activities across multiple tabs – Microsoft Edge uses up to 31% less power than Google Chrome, and up to 44% less than Mozilla Firefox. Direct measurements of average power consumption during typical browsing activities (source code). Let’s dive in to some details of how we measure power consumption to optimize for battery life, and how we’re engineering Microsoft Edge to be the most efficient browser on Windows 10. Measuring and improving battery life are both complicated problems, and while we want to show off our leadership here, we also want to be a part of a constructive dialog that improves the entire web. That’s why we always share our measurements alongside filmed rundown tests, or through open source tests freely available on GitHub. These tests are repeatable by other browsers or curious users, backed by methodology documents and open source code. One of the most important tools for our energy efficiency engineering is BrowserEfficiencyTest. It automates the most important tasks that people do with their browser, and runs through those tasks while measuring how much power a device is consuming, as well as how hard the CPU is working, how much traffic is being sent over the network, and more. It can be used to look at specific sites and patterns, or measure complex workloads composed of many different sites in multiple tabs. This test supports Microsoft Edge as well as Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox, so we can compare results across browsers over time. Surface Books instrumented for direct power measurement, running a looping browser test in a performance lab. Using an open test has also enabled us to work closer with partners to deliver a better experience to you. As we built the Windows 10 Creators Update, we collaborated with hardware teams like Surface and Intel to understand what’s going on at the hardware level when you’re on the web. By designing the software and the hardware to work with each other, we can make your device run even faster and last even longer. Our improvements in EdgeHTML 15 are focused not only on improving the average power consumption in Microsoft Edge, but also making it more consistent. The below chart shows the 90th percentile power consumption during a multi-tab workload that went through email, social media, video, news, and more. As you can see, the 90th percentile has improved by 17% from the previous version of Microsoft Edge to the latest version. What does this mean for you? You can be more confident about getting consistent, all-day battery life with Microsoft Edge. Let’s look at the specific things we’ve improved: iframes are more efficient Today, lots of web content is delivered using iframes, which allow web authors to embed documents (even from different origins) within their own webpages. This is a flexible, powerful, and secure tool used on many popular sites, often in the context of advertisements or embedded content. Iframes are essentially small webpages contained inside another web page. Until now, these mini-webpages have been able to run JavaScript timers and code without restriction, even when you can’t see them. An iframe down at the bottom of an article could be running code, measuring if it’s visible, or performing animations while you’re still reading the headline at the top. With this release, we’ve made Microsoft Edge much more intelligent, throttling the JavaScript timers for iframes that aren’t visible, and stopping them from calculating animations that will never be seen. Users won’t notice any difference: the iframes still load and behave normally when you can see them. We’re simply reducing the resources they consume when they’re not visible. Hit testing is more efficient A common pattern we’ve found on sites is that pieces of a webpage want to know if they’re visible to the user or not, referred as hit testing. This is necessary for advertisers to judge the effectiveness of ads, as well as for creating infinite scrolling lists and other advanced layouts. In the past, this has been computationally expensive, especially since it’s done a lot. Sometimes, elements on a page will check to see if they’re visible on every frame, 60 times per second. With the Creator’s Update, we’ve reworked what happens when the webpage needs to know if iframes or other elements are visible. We’ve added an additional layer of caching and optimizations to perform this common operation with less CPU and less power. Web developers don’t need to do anything different to take advantage of these improvements, and users won’t notice any difference, other than a faster experience and more battery life. Intersection Observer On top of these improvements, we’ve implemented a standards-based framework for webpages to accomplish the same thing without needing to constantly check for visibility themselves. This framework is called Intersection Observer; it’s supported by other major browsers and is documented with a working draft through the W3C. When websites and ads take advantage of Intersection Observer, Microsoft Edge will do the work for them, calculating if they intersect with the main viewport or any other element. The page will be notified when any element’s intersection with the viewport changes, so constantly checking on every frame is no longer required. This is a much more efficient pattern, and will make the web better for everybody. Encouraging HTML5 over Flash In the Creator’s Update, we’re giving users even more control over their experience and helping transition the web to more secure, standards-based, and energy-efficient content by encouraging HTML5 over Flash and giving users control over where Flash is allowed to run. Not only is this good for battery life, but it will help improve security, speed, and stability. Countless efficiency improvements based on telemetry As with any release, we’re tweaking and improving what’s happening under the hood in Microsoft Edge. Recently, we’ve been using telemetry from real devices to measure how much time we’re spending responding to different APIs in JavaScript. This view tells us which functions we spend the most total time responding to across all devices, so we can improve those first and get the most bang for our buck. An interesting note: the top 10 functions account for about 50% of the total time that JavaScript spends waiting for Microsoft Edge to respond. Using this data, we’re improving not only battery life, but making webpages feel faster and snappier as well. As always, this work is a step in our ongoing journey to improve your experience on the web and maximize what you can get out of your browser and your device. When it comes to making Microsoft Edge faster and more efficient, we’re never done! We look forward to continuing to push the limits of efficiency, speed, and battery life in upcoming releases. – Brandon Heenan, Program Manager, Microsoft Edge Updated April 14, 2017 10:23 am CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized, Windows Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bing predicts who will come out on top in 2017 NBA Playoffs Next PostNext Air Filter Masks Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Sales Forecast and Supply Demand to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Residential Combined Heat and Power Market Share, Growth, Trend Analysis and Forecast to 2017 by Capacity, Production, and Production Value Capital Caring Celebrates 40th Anniversary UltiSat Awarded CTC Task Order to Provide Satellite Bandwidth for Space and Test Training Range (STTR) Commercial Satellite Communications (COMSATCOM) Support TriNet Hosts the HR Room at Access During NY TechDay Luxury Furniture Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Circulars Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search weather unavailableweather unavailable Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Human Interest 'Of course I'm a miracle,' says Down's syndrome patient who was given just hours to live US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News FHP: Pasco woman rear-ends car, screams at driver, speeds off, screams at trooper, gets arrested At least 36 Islamic State fighters killed by 'mother of all bombs' (w/video) China issues stern warning to U.S., North Korea over growing tensions Tampa Bay Rowdies owner Bill Edwards sues the North American Soccer League Tampa police: No shooting took place at Curtis Hixon Park News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup Trump retreats to Mar-a-Lago over and over, but at what cost? Top News March column: 'Corruption' at Tampa International? Here's Tom Lee's side Legislature gives murder witnesses some protection by shielding their identity Trump retreats to Mar-a-Lago over and over, but at what cost? Here are millions in tax cuts that Florida lawmakers are considering. Do any save you money? Florida House, Senate remain far apart on budget Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Spring Training Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More Preps NBA or bust: Kevin Knox's lifelong push for the pros Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Rays offense erupts, Chris Archer finally beats Red Sox (w/video) Tampa Bay Rowdies owner Bill Edwards sues the North American Soccer League Ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez, serving life, acquitted in 2 slayings Fennelly: Tampa Bay, like many others, had a friend in Dan Rooney (w/ video) NBA or bust: Kevin Knox's lifelong push for the pros Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Events Top things to do this weekend Top News It's the Easter elephant! Busch Gardens lays out edible eggs for enrichment (w/video) Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: DOT 'reset' can't be a stall Top Opinion Selected readings from the left and from the right Editorial: Nail down specifics on Pier Editorial: DOT 'reset' can't be a stall Editorial: Promising start for Pinellas diversion program Editorial: Legislature should fund Guardian ad Litem program Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Column: To be a genius, think like a 94-year-old By Pagan Kennedy, New York Times PAGAN KENNEDYTampa Bay Times Friday, April 14, 2017 2:22pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Previous Next Previous Next In 1946, a 23-year-old Army veteran named John Goodenough headed to the University of Chicago with a dream of studying physics. When he arrived, a professor warned him that he was already too old to succeed in the field. Related News/Archive March column: Toledo sounding Trump-like in House race 8 Months Ago Column: Victims of confidence schemes tend to have something in common: They think they're extraordinary. 2 Months Ago March column: Two years out, City Council races already percolating 2 Months Ago Recently, Goodenough recounted that story for me and then laughed uproariously. He ignored the professor's advice and today, at 94, has just set the tech industry abuzz with his blazing creativity. He and his team at the University of Texas at Austin filed a patent on a new kind of battery that, if it works as promised, would be so cheap, lightweight and safe that it would revolutionize electric cars and kill off petroleum-fueled vehicles. His announcement has caused a stir, in part, because Goodenough has done it before. In 1980, at age 57, he co-invented the lithium-ion battery that shrunk power into a tiny package. We tend to assume that creativity wanes with age. But Goodenough's story suggests that some people actually become more creative as they grow older. Unfortunately, those late-blooming geniuses have to contend with powerful biases against them. "Young people are just smarter," Mark Zuckerberg pronounced at an event at Stanford in 2007, when he was the 22-year-old chief executive of Facebook. He added, according to a VentureBeat writer, "I only own a mattress," and then expounded upon the putative correlation between youth and creative power. His logic didn't exactly make sense (and he later apologized), but his meaning was perfectly clear: Middle-aged people are encumbered by boring possessions (gutters, dental floss, orthopedic shoes) and stale ideas. Since that speech, Silicon Valley's youth worship seems to have grown even more feverish. Recently, a 12-year-old inventor named Shubham Banerjee received venture capital funds from Intel to start his own company. In such a climate, it's easy for us middle-aged folk to believe that the great imaginative leaps are behind us, and that innovation belongs to the kids. On the contrary, there's plenty of evidence to suggest that late blooming is no anomaly. A 2016 Information Technology and Innovation Foundation study found that inventors peak in their late 40s and tend to be highly productive in the last half of their careers. Similarly, professors at the Georgia Institute of Technology and Hitotsubashi University in Japan, who studied data about patent holders, found that, in the United States, the average inventor sends in his application to the patent office at age 47, and that the highest-value patents often come from the oldest inventors — those over the age of 55. John P. Walsh, one of the professors, joked that the Patent Office should give a "senior discount" because "there's clear evidence that people with seniority are making important contributions to invention." A study of Nobel physics laureates found that, since the 1980s, they have made their discoveries, on average, at age 50. The study also found that the peak of creativity for Nobel winners is getting higher every year. For many years, oddsmakers have predicted that Goodenough would win the Nobel Prize, but so far the call from Stockholm has not come. You might call him the Susan Lucci of chemistry. If he finally does prevail, he could be the oldest person ever to receive the Nobel, and a harbinger. The more I talked to Goodenough, the more I wondered if his brilliance was directly tied to his age. After all, he has been thinking about energy problems longer than just about anyone else on the planet. He grew up in the early days of the petroleum age, in a Connecticut farmhouse with a kerosene stove and an icebox for food. As a kid he rode in some of the early cars pioneered by Henry Ford. "The first car the family owned was a Model A," he told me, with running boards and a lead-acid battery. In the 1970s, the energy crisis inspired him to imagine how one could store power in tiny packages. Today, we're still using his lithium-ion technology in our laptops, phones and electric cars. But Goodenough has long been bothered by the shortcomings of his brainchild, and driven by the need to do better. "One of the things that's important in the society is to wean ourselves from our dependence on fossil fuels, and if we could make an electric car that would be as convenient and as cheap as an internal-combustion engine, we'd get CO2 emissions off the road," he said. He believes the lithium-ion battery is too liable to explode, too expensive and too weak to bring us into that future. Years ago, he decided to create a solid battery that would be safer. Of course, in a perfect world, the "solid-state" battery would also be low-cost and lightweight. Then, two years ago, he discovered the work of Maria Helena Braga, a Portuguese physicist who, with the help of a colleague, had created a kind of glass that can replace liquid electrolytes inside batteries. Goodenough persuaded Braga to move to Austin and join his lab. "We did some experiments to make sure the glass was dry. Then we were off to the races," he said. Some of his colleagues were dubious that he could pull it off. But Goodenough was not dissuaded. "I'm old enough to know you can't close your mind to new ideas. You have to test out every possibility if you want something new." When I asked him about his late-life success, he said: "Some of us are turtles; we crawl and struggle along, and we haven't maybe figured it out by the time we're 30. But the turtles have to keep on walking." This crawl through life can be advantageous, he pointed out, particularly if you meander around through different fields, picking up clues as you go along. Goodenough started in physics and hopped sideways into chemistry and materials science, while also keeping his eye on the social and political trends that could drive a green economy. "You have to draw on a fair amount of experience in order to be able to put ideas together," he said. He also credits his faith for keeping him focused on his mission to defeat pollution and ditch petroleum. On the wall of his lab, a tapestry of the Last Supper depicts the apostles in fervent conversation, like scientists at a conference arguing over a controversial theory. The tapestry reminds him of the divine power that fuels his mind. "I'm grateful for the doors that have been opened to me in different periods of my life," he said. He believes the glass battery was just another example of the happy accidents that have come his way: "At just the right moment, when I was looking for something, it walked in the door." Last but not least, he credited old age with bringing him a new kind of intellectual freedom. At 94, he said, "You no longer worry about keeping your job." Pagan Kennedy is the author of "Inventology: How We Dream Up Things That Change the World." © 2017 New York Times Column: To be a genius, think like a 94-year-old 04/14/17 [Last modified: Friday, April 14, 2017 2:22pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints Copyright: For copyright information, please check with the distributor of this item, New York Times.      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Click here to sign up for our 'Day Starter' newsletter Get the top headlines from the Tampa Bay Times' and what you need to know to start your day in your inbox every morning.   Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Security Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Networking Cloud Storage DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Events Calendar Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter Top Trends at Embedded World 2017 ADL Embedded Systems - Leave a Comment This year's Embedded World in Nuremberg, Germany revealed new and continued trends in the application of embedded devices in the industry. Internet of Things (IoT) has been a hot topic in the embedded solutions market for several years now, with over 60% of the conference lectures focused on IoT. Security was another major topic of conversation with relation to IoT and it's applications. The most notable growing trend at the conference, though, was embedded vision. ADLVIS-1700 CoaXPress/Camera Link Vision System This year’s Embedded World in Nuremberg, Germany revealed new and continued trends in the application of embedded devices in the industry. Internet of Things (IoT) has been a hot topic in the embedded solutions market for several years now, with over 60% of the conference lectures focused on IoT. Security was another major topic of conversation with relation to IoT and it’s applications. The most notable growing trend at the conference, though, was embedded vision. While one the more popular applications for embedded vision is driverless cars with embedded vision navigation and collision avoidance systems, growth for embedded vision systems can also be seen in variety of industries. This is driven by advances in small form factor design of both key components and systems as well as rugged features which makes suitable for a range of non-factory environments. These advancements are leading to vision applications in hyperspectral and multispectral imaging for agriculture, surveying, and scientific use, autonomous vehicles, military ISR, and security among others. At this year’s Embedded World, ADL Embedded Solutions debuted its compact ADLVIS-1700 CoaXPress/Camera Link Vision System. The ADLVIS-1700 is the smallest CoaXPress vision system in the industry (HWD = 5” x 7” x 7.6”). The two CXP-6 ports are capable of 1250 MB/s camera transfer speed in a small form factor vision system, and helps address the need for high-performance image capture and storage in a variety of industries. To date, comparable CoaXPress speed and resolution has only been available on desktop PCs and workstations. The ADLVIS-1700 incorporates four removable SATA drives to accommodate increasing storage needs. The integrated PCIe/104 CPU/CXP sub-assembly (ADLVIS-1660) is also available for OEM use. ADL also offered an early look at its latest Intel® Core™ 3.5” SBC, ADLQ170HDS, based on 6th generation Intel technology. With hardware level TPM 2.0 encryption technology, 32GB memory capacity, 4x SATA 6GB/s and 4x USB 3.0, the ADLQ170HDS will combine stunning computational performance and virtualization capabilities with secure data features and high-speed storage. This makes it ideal for \applications where high-performance is an absolute necessity, but no less critical are less tangible features like high MTBF, long-life availability, hardware and firmware revision control, obsolescence management, technical, engineering and design support. Virtualization, high-speed and high-resolution vision systems, secure network appliances and high-speed storage are just a few of the target applications ideal for the ADLQ170HDS. Its rugged design and wide operating temperature range extends its use to include toll and border security, traffic engineering, alternative energy controllers and dataloggers, drone payload computing, and a variety of other use scenarios About ADL Embedded Solutions Inc. ADL Embedded Solutions, Inc. is a leading provider of high-performance embedded systems targeting demanding thermal and rugged environments for industrial and military applications. ADL Embedded Solutions excels at collaborating with customers to design quality, reliable embedded solutions in a timely fashion to exacting customer requirements. ADL Embedded Solutions boasts a broad portfolio of long-lived SBCs, ranging from low-power Intel® Atom® architecture through high-performance Intel® Core™ i5/i7 processors that ensure access to the latest processor technology and long-lived availability. ADL Embedded Solutions serves customers in a variety of markets, including Medical, Transportation, Defense, Aerospace, Communication, Security, Process Control, and Science. For more information about ADL Embedded Solutions, visit their websites at www.adl-usa.com or www.adl-europe.com. Topics covered in this article embedded world Virtualization Obsolescence nuremberg Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVII Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit an Article Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Fri, 14 Apr 2017 17:12:47 +0000
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars PC GAMING Windows 7 and 8.1 won’t update if you install the latest Intel and AMD chips Jeff Grubb@jeffgrubb April 14, 2017 11:10 AM Tags: Amd, Intel, Microsoft, PC gaming, Windows 10, Windows 7, Windows 8.1 Above: SI Systems' Ryzen-based machine. Image Credit: SI Systems If you rocking a Kaby Lake or Ryzen chip in your PC, it’s probably time to upgrade to Windows 10. Microsoft will no longer push updates to your PC if you are running Windows 7 or 8.1 with the latest chips from Intel, AMD, and Qualcomm (as Ars Technica first reported). The company had announced that it would pull the plug on updating those legacy operating systems for modern CPUs, and it explained that this is because the chip manufacturers designed their silicon specifically for Windows 10. This doesn’t mean that the updates wouldn’t work — they likely would, but Microsoft won’t even give you the option to install them. If you do attempt to update Windows 7 or 8.1, you’ll get an “unsupported hardware” error message. “Your PC uses a processor that is designed for the latest version of Windows,” reads the warning. “Because this processor is not supported together with the Windows version that you are currently using your system will miss important security updates.” Blocking updates is unlikely to cause widespread issues. Gamers, photographers, and video editors — the people who are typically the most likely to upgrade to the latest CPUs — are probably running Windows 10 because of its support for advanced graphics features like DirectX 12. But here is a list of chips that Windows 7 and 8.1 won’t support moving forward: Intel 7th-generation Kaby Lake AMD Ryzen AMD Bristol Ridge Qualcomm Snapdragon 8996 Microsoft is also planning to drop support for 6th Generation Skylake processors in the near future unless you are on Windows 10. But while most people won’t have to worry about this, and Microsoft warned it would happen, it still seems rather sudden. Microsoft is still supporting Windows 8.1 with major updates through next year, so this move may come across as an effort to push stragglers from Windows 7 and 8.1 onto Windows 10. This post is part of the PC Gaming channel, presented by the Intel® Game Dev program. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Home News Opinion Letters Sports Prospecting Roadbeat Essentials Obituaries Real Estate Gallery Classifieds Advertisers Ad Rates 2,955 14 PLACERVILLE, CALIFORNIA Hail and rain cause multiple crashes Real Estate Finding economic opportunity in a home By Ken Calhoon From page C2 | April 14, 2017 0SHARES FacebookTwitter 0 SHARES FacebookTwitter A few years back I was involved in the sale of a large property consisting of a winery and tasting room, 20 acres of vineyards and a 4,000-square-foot home. Every element of the property including vacant acreage contributed to the property’s overall value. The challenge in selling this property was that few buyers wanted to pay the cumulative price for all of its component parts. I had folks who wanted to buy the winery and vineyards but not the house and the excess acreage. Others who loved the house and vineyards but didn’t want to run a winery and some who wanted the improvements but had no interest in the 100-plus undeveloped acres. After about a year a serious buyer emerged who offered to purchase the entire property provided he could figure out a way to make a buck with the house. The contractual language in the purchase agreement went something like this: “60 days to conduct an economic feasibility study determining income options, etc.” The buyer already owned a very nice home in Folsom and didn’t want to move. He had projected income and expenses for the winery and vineyards but couldn’t figure out what to do with a big farmhouse in the middle of 20 acres of vineyards in rural El Dorado County. The uncertainty of what to do with the house was nearly a deal killer. Today the house rents for $450 a night. It has a waiting list of folks from all over the country who want to experience the lifestyle of living in a foothill vineyard. Corporations like Intel and Google have leased the property for their corporate retreats and last summer a Hollywood production studio leased the property for a month while filming a movie in the area. The house is now a major economic contributor to this property. Homes frequently have multiple uses including the production of income. Looking back, my grandparents converted a large, two-story Tudor into a boarding house in Northeastern Ohio where they rented rooms to single young men who worked in the factories in nearby Cleveland. Renting rooms in the family home is more popular today than it was back in the 1950s. Online hospitality service Airbnb boasts having 640,000 hosts with 2.3 million listings and 100 million users. Today there are 17,000 bed and breakfasts in the U.S. with an estimated net worth of $3.4 billion, according to reservation management company Hotelier. The average size bed and breakfast is 5,000 square feet with six rooms and 80 percent of inn owners live in or on the property. There are about a dozen bed and breakfasts in El Dorado County with overnight stays ranging from $150 to $350. In addition to various types of home-based lodging, El Dorado County’s home occupation ordinance favors small home-based businesses including student instructions, child day care, retail sales, weddings and receptions, vehicle repair, light manufacturing and personal services. Naturally there are limitations based on the exact zoning, neighborhood CC&Rs and lot size. Perhaps the home doesn’t directly produce income but the land where the home is located does. Small farms and ranches have had a greater long-term economic impact on our county than the transient gold miners who came and left. More money was likely made selling food and beverages to the miners than panning for gold in the American River. Today Apple Hill farms and foothill wineries are a regional tourist destination. A few years ago I had a sad little house in Apple Hill listed for sale. The elderly owner had neglected the home for years but the property had one redeeming factor. Five acres of beautiful Petite Syrah grapes. The vineyard was recognized for the quality of the fruit, which commanded a premium price. There was no interest in the old house but multiple offers on the property. The value of a home can also be seen in avoiding a daily commute or expense of maintaining an office. Technology allows people to work from home more now than ever and that can mean significant savings for a small business. According to El Dorado County Chamber of Commerce CEO Laurel Brent-Bumb, there are about 7,000 licensed businesses in the county with a large percentage listing a residential address as their primary place of business. There are tax benefits when working from home. Not long ago claiming a home office deduction was akin to pleading with the IRS to audit your tax return. Today, with more than one-third of the country working from home, the deduction is much less likely to trigger an audit and much easier to take. Tax deductions are available related to the portion of the home regularly and exclusively used for business-related activity. IRS rules allow deductions associated with utilities, property taxes, repairs, maintenance and other related expenses. With the high price of housing, multiple uses for the family home have become a necessity. Housing has long since moved beyond providing safety and shelter from the elements. Homes today are work, technology and entertainment centers. They provide housing for multiple generations. They grow our food and house our travelers. Homes are learning centers where we care for our young and our elderly. No longer “ever so humble” they are vital economic centers. Ken Calhoon is a real estate broker in El Dorado County. He can be reached for questions and comments at kencalhoon.com.         .                     0 SHARES FacebookTwitter Ken Calhoon Story Archive Search Recent Posts State receiving record rainfall Mt. Aukum road repairs underway Walk, run for Mito Kids Groundbreaking ceremony planned for GDPUD plant GDPUD crews busy with repairs Word on the Street Curves food drive brings in the goods Marshall Medical community health needs survey out Forest Service does control burn for tree planting Pair booked on drug charges Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » Contact Us | Customer Service Subscribe or Renew Print Edition Submission Forms Facebook Page Twitter Feed Home Source, April 14, 2017 Stars and Stripes, April 10, 2017 Home Source, April 7, 2017 The Gold Mine, April 2017 Divide Women in Business 2017 St. Patrick’s Day Count for Cash 2017 Village Life Readers’ Choice 2016 Gold Country Wine Destinations 2017 El Dorado County Visitor’s Guide 2016-17 Women in Business 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Folsom Life Magazine, Fall/Winter 2016 Good Living, November 2016 Winter Funtastic 2016 Miracle on Historical Main Street 2016 Leadership El Dorado Adventures, Fall/Winter 2016 Breast Cancer Awareness 2016 Fall Home Improvement 2016 Health and Wellness 2016 Adventures Spring/Summer 2016 Summer Sunsational 2016 Folsom Life Magazine, Spring/Summer 2016 Happy Healthy Pets 2016 Top Achievers of 2015 El Dorado County Chamber Business Guide 2016 Reader’s Choice 2015 El Dorado County Chamber of Commerce 100th Anniversary Women’s Health 2015 Medical Profiles 2015 Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections News Local Montana & Regional National News World News Business Government Sports Griz Sports High School Local College Sports National Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Cartoons Columnists Obituaries Entertainment Calendar Music Arts and Theatre Movies TV People Books and Literature Games Corridor Magazine Games & Puzzles Features Territory Outdoors Food Weddings Buy & Sell Classifieds Business Directory Today's Deal Place an Ad Autos Homes Rentals Open Houses Newspaper Ads Weekly Ads Jobs Top Jobs Work for Us e-Edition Special Publications Contact Contact Us Subscribe Carrier Opportunities Dealer Services Email alerts Customer service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 46° Missoula, MT (59801) Today Cloudy. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 47F. Winds WNW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Cloudy skies early, then partly cloudy after midnight. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 34F. Winds WSW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: April 14, 2017 @ 1:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Obituaries Buy/Sell Close 1 of 2 Carolyn Kaster FILE - In this Feb. 1, 2017 file photo, then-National Security Adviser Michael Flynn speaks during the daily news briefing at the White House in Washington. Paul Manafort says he’s registering with the Justice Department as a foreign agent. Flynn already did. And in both cases the filings by associates of President Donald Trump will come after the fact and accompanied by the admission that they violated federal law. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) Matt Rourke In this photo taken July 17, 2016 photo, Paul Manafort talks to reporters on the floor of the Republican National Convention at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland. Manafort says he’s registering with the Justice Department as a foreign agent. Michael Flynn already did. And in both cases the filings by associates of President Donald Trump will come after the fact and accompanied by the admission that they violated federal law. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke) AP Lobbying by Trump associates highlights foreign agent law By CHAD DAY and ERIC TUCKER Associated Press Apr 14, 2017 Updated 1 hr ago Carolyn Kaster FILE - In this Feb. 1, 2017 file photo, then-National Security Adviser Michael Flynn speaks during the daily news briefing at the White House in Washington. Paul Manafort says he’s registering with the Justice Department as a foreign agent. Flynn already did. And in both cases the filings by associates of President Donald Trump will come after the fact and accompanied by the admission that they violated federal law. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) Matt Rourke In this photo taken July 17, 2016 photo, Paul Manafort talks to reporters on the floor of the Republican National Convention at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland. Manafort says he’s registering with the Justice Department as a foreign agent. Michael Flynn already did. And in both cases the filings by associates of President Donald Trump will come after the fact and accompanied by the admission that they violated federal law. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke) WASHINGTON (AP) — Paul Manafort says he's registering with the Justice Department as a foreign agent. Michael Flynn already has. In both cases, the decisions to register by these associates of President Donald Trump came late — after the lobbying has already taken place — and accompanied by an admission that they violated federal law. The high-profile filings are putting a spotlight on the Foreign Agents Registration Act, a law enacted before World War II with the goal of unmasking foreign influence campaigns in the U.S. The idea was simple: Lobbyists and others who work on behalf of a foreign government or political interest must disclose to the Justice Department and to the public their work to sway public opinion and U.S. policy. But the cases of Manafort, who was forced out as Trump's campaign chairman , and Flynn, who was fired as the president's national security adviser , have raised questions, particularly in light of the continuing scrutiny of the foreign entanglements of several Trump associates. A few answers: ___ Q: WHAT IS THE FOREIGN AGENTS REGISTRATION ACT? A: Congress enacted the 1938 statute in response to covert Nazi propaganda agents operating in the U.S. It requires individuals who act in the U.S. on behalf of foreign political parties, people or governments to register as foreign agents with the Justice Department. Registrants are expected to disclose whom they work for and how much they're paid, and to describe their activities. They're also expected to conspicuously disclose that mailings, letters, opinion pieces or other material they distribute are on behalf of a foreign principal, and that additional details about their efforts are available in Justice Department files. There are exceptions in the law for foreign diplomats and foreign government officials, and for people engaged in solely religious, academic, commercial or scientific activities. ___ Q: HOW DOES IT WORK? A: In practice, lobbyists file reports that can list meetings, phone calls and even emails on behalf of their foreign clients. They must disclose the names of people they meet with and the issues they discussed. The foreign agent must register within 10 days of agreeing to perform the foreign work, before beginning any activities. After that, supplemental reports must be filed every six months, as long as the foreign agent work is ongoing, and the Justice Department must be notified when the agreement is terminated. The reports are posted on a searchable public website: https://www.fara.gov/ ___ Q: WHY DID FLYNN REGISTER? A: Flynn and his firm, Flynn Intel Group, registered as foreign agents in March for work performed for a Turkish-owned business. In the registration, Flynn acknowledged that the work could have principally benefited Turkey's government. Flynn, a retired U.S. Army lieutenant general and former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, was on contract with the company while he was a senior Trump campaign adviser. Over the course of the three-month contract with the company, Inovo BV, Flynn's firm was paid $530,000. Flynn's filing showed the breadth of activities considered foreign-agent work. While his firm performed some lobbying, most of its work was gathering adverse information on Turkish cleric Fethullah Gulen, who lives in Pennsylvania. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan blames Gulen for a failed coup attempt in Turkey last summer and is pushing for the U.S. to extradite him. Gulen denies involvement, and the U.S. has rebuffed Erdogan's request. The goal of Flynn's work, according to his filing, was to develop information that would convince American officials to pursue criminal charges against Gulen. The Associated Press has since learned that Flynn's firm also pushed for a congressional investigation of Gulen during an October meeting. The request was refused. ___ Q: WHAT PROMPTED MANAFORT TO SAY HE WOULD FILE? A: His spokesman says Manafort worked to further Ukrainian political interests . Spokesman Jason Maloni confirmed the intent to register months after the AP reported that his consulting firm had orchestrated a covert Washington lobbying operation on behalf of Ukraine's ruling political party. That effort, from 2012 through 2014, was never disclosed to the Justice Department. Maloni said Manafort began discussions with the U.S. government about his lobbying activities after he joined the Trump campaign. It's unclear whether the conversations came before or after Trump forced Manafort to resign his post, on the same day as the AP report of unregistered lobbying. The Podesta Group, a Washington lobbying firm, has already retroactively registered for its part in the Ukrainian influence campaign. The firm was one of two that worked under the direction of Manafort and his former deputy, Rick Gates. The other firm involved, Mercury LLC, says it also will register soon. ___ Q: DOES RETROACTIVE REGISTRATION FLOUT THE LAW? A: Perhaps, although the Justice Department favors administrative enforcement over criminal punishment and sees value in disclosure no matter when it's made. "The statute's purpose isn't necessarily served by after-the-fact registration, especially where the registration is after the activity on behalf of a foreign interest has ceased," said Stephen Vladeck, a national security law professor at the University of Texas at Austin. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! Missoulian.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. "But for better or worse, DOJ has at least sometimes allowed individuals to escape liability by registering after the fact, especially in cases in which the initial failure to register appeared to be negligent, not intentional," Vladeck wrote in an email. In a statement, the Justice Department said it always strives for compliance with the registration requirement and to ensure the accuracy of information about the political activities of those who register. "This is true whether such information pertains to current or past activity," the statement read. "Requiring registration for past activities ensures that these objectives are met and that an accurate public record is created and maintained." ___ Q: WHY ARE THESE CASES ONLY RARELY PROSECUTED? A: Transparency, rather than punishment, is the law's primary purpose. "Not every violation is worth prosecuting," said Amy Jeffress, a former Justice Department national security official. Federal prosecutors typically don't prosecute failure to disclose unless they can prove that it was intentional, she said. Dan Pickard, a partner at the Washington law firm Wiley Rein, said that proving criminal intent can be difficult because of the obscurity of the foreign agent law. "To show a willful intent not to register is a tall order," Pickard said. An August report from the department's inspector general's office counted seven criminal cases under the law between 1966 and 2015, and cited "differing understandings" between FBI officials and Justice Department prosecutors about the statute's intent. Justice Department officials believe the law's primary purpose is not to secure criminal convictions. They cite a separate statute, which makes it a crime to spy or conduct other espionage-like activities on behalf of a foreign government, as a point of focus. But FBI officials say they believe federal prosecutors aren't aggressive enough in pursuing punishments for people who fail to register. ___ Q: HOW DOES THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT ENFORCE THE LAW? A: A small staff in the Foreign Agent Registration Act unit keeps the records and undertakes open-source research. The unit routinely combs the Lobbying Disclosure Act database and news reports looking for lobbying work that should be disclosed as foreign agent work. When the unit finds a likely case, it sends letters of inquiry to the lobbying firms, asking them to turn over documentation and to register as foreign agents if the work qualifies. There's a catch, though. The letters don't have the same power as a subpoena, meaning the unit relies on voluntary disclosure. The Justice Department has pushed for Congress to grant subpoena authority in cases going back to the early 1990s. So far, Congress hasn't given it. ___ Follow Chad Day and Eric Tucker on Twitter: https://twitter.com/ChadSDay and https://twitter.com/etuckerAP Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Politics Government And Politics National Security Military And Defense Lobbying Political Issues Statutes Legislation Legislature Laws Campaign Laws Campaigns Elections Political Organizations News Most Popular Turmoil at St. Pat's leads to more resignations Lee Enterprises purchases Missoula Independent Air Force struggles to remove Humvee left on muddy remote road in Montana Missoula family shocked by decision for second parole hearing for daughter’s killer Time to vote for Prep Athletes of the Week Tell us what you think Tony Romo is retiring from football and becoming an announcer. Do you think he'll be better than Phil Simms, who he replaces? You voted: Yes No Not sure Vote View Results Back Trump strategy on NKorea: 'Maximum pressure and engagement' +2 EPA moves to undo tougher pollution limits on coal plants CNN commentator Lord defends his likening of Trump to King Lobbying by Trump associates highlights foreign agent law +2 Trump WH to keep visitor logs private Poll: Trump's Favorability Compared to Incoming Presidents Cutting Trump slack: Voters forgive reversals _ to a point +5 Electoral States Won by Donald Trump Poll: Trump's Favorability Compared to Incoming Presidents promotion 2017 Montana Legislature Get the latest news from the 2017 session of the Montana Legislature promotion Activate your digital subscription © 2017 Lee Enterprises | Terms | Privacy Sites & Partners Ravalli Republic Auto Finder Montana Magazine Health Resource Guide Missoula Public Art Guide Services Contact Us E-edition Subscribe RSS © Copyright 2017 Missoulian, 500 S. Higgins Missoula, MT | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Military Military: The Intel New Navy carrier rescues sailor during sea trials Aircraft carrier Gerald R. Ford finishes sea trials The aircraft Gerald R. Ford returns from sea trials as it passes Fort Monroe. The aircraft Gerald R. Ford returns from sea trials as it passes Fort Monroe. Jeanette SteeleContact Reporter The Navy’s newest aircraft carrier Gerald R. Ford isn’t even a commissioned warship yet, but its crew performed a life-saving rescue this week. The $13 billion Ford is sailing on its own power for the first time at sea trials this month off Newport News, Virginia. The call came in for medical evacuation of a sick sailor on the Oak Hill, a Navy dock landing ship during on maneuvers nearby on Tuesday. Images of the Navy's new aircraft carrier Gerald R. Ford, a first-of-class supercarrier a long time in the making. The senior doctor on the Ford was called for consultation. When the decision was made — immediate evacuation — the fledgling carrier was the closest responder. Welcome to The Intel, a blog examining the hot military news of the day A Navy helicopter took off from the Ford’s flight deck and collected the sick sailor, transporting the service member to a Navy hospital in Portsmouth, Virginia. “We got the word, coordinated the necessary permissions, and were off-deck shortly thereafter," said Cmdr. Jody Smotherman, Ford's combat direction center officer, in a Navy news release. Navy officials said yesterday that the sailor is in stable condition. The first new U.S. aircraft carrier design in 40 years, the Ford will spend several days conducting builder's sea trials, which test the ship's major systems and technologies. The ship is scheduled to be commissioned this year after cost overruns and delays. It’s not the first time a “first-in-class” Navy ship performed a rescue during sea trials. In December 2015, the destroyer Zumwalt answered a distress call from a fisherman with chest pains off the coast of Maine. The Zumwalt crew worked with the U.S. Coast Guard to respond. Caption Decorated Navy SEAL moonlighting as a porn star Joseph John Schmidt has taken it all off in films since 2010. Wife says leadership knew about it. Joseph John Schmidt has taken it all off in films since 2010. Wife says leadership knew about it. Caption Decorated Navy SEAL moonlighting as a porn star Joseph John Schmidt has taken it all off in films since 2010. Wife says leadership knew about it. Joseph John Schmidt has taken it all off in films since 2010. Wife says leadership knew about it. Caption How long is wait for a VA appointment? New website tells you The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs launched a new Access to Care website. The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs launched a new Access to Care website. Caption Marine's bracelet finally makes it home from WWII Master Sgt. Harry Francis Campbell's bracelet was found by Steven and Simone Turner at Point Erin Park in Auckland, New Zealand, and was returned to his children during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton. Master Sgt. Harry Francis Campbell's bracelet was found by Steven and Simone Turner at Point Erin Park in Auckland, New Zealand, and was returned to his children during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton. Caption Lawsuit says the Army could've prevented renegade soldiers killing a teen couple Three of the killers are serving life sentences for murder and conspiracy to commit murder. (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Three of the killers are serving life sentences for murder and conspiracy to commit murder. (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption Iraq war started 14 years ago Video from 1st Marine Logistics Group, which assisted in Operation Iraqi Freedom Video from 1st Marine Logistics Group, which assisted in Operation Iraqi Freedom jen.steele@sduniontribune.com Facebook: U-T Military Twitter: @jensteeley Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune SD Almanac Most Popular Today's Paper Sports Jobs Homes Cars Contact Us 60°
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Lobbying by Trump associates highlights foreign agent law By Associated Press Published: 13:34 EDT, 14 April 2017 | Updated: 13:34 EDT, 14 April 2017 e-mail WASHINGTON (AP) - Paul Manafort says he's registering with the Justice Department as a foreign agent. Michael Flynn already has. In both cases, the filings by these associates of President Donald Trump come late - after the lobbying has already taken place - and accompanied by an admission that they violated federal law. The high-profile filings are putting a spotlight on the Foreign Agents Registration Act, a law enacted before World War II with the goal of unmasking foreign influence campaigns in the U.S. The idea was simple: Lobbyists and others who work on behalf of a foreign government or political interest must disclose their work to sway public opinion and U.S. policy to the Justice Department and to the public. In this photo taken July 17, 2016 photo, Paul Manafort talks to reporters on the floor of the Republican National Convention at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland. Manafort says he's registering with the Justice Department as a foreign agent. Michael Flynn already did. And in both cases the filings by associates of President Donald Trump will come after the fact and accompanied by the admission that they violated federal law. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke) But the cases of Manafort, who was forced out as Trump's campaign chairman, and Flynn, who was fired as the president's national security adviser, have raised questions, particularly in light of the continuing scrutiny of the foreign entanglements of several Trump associates. A few answers: ___ Q: WHAT IS THE FOREIGN AGENTS REGISTRATION ACT? A: Congress enacted the 1938 statute in response to covert Nazi propaganda agents operating in the U.S. It requires individuals who act in the U.S. on behalf of foreign political parties, people or governments to register as foreign agents with the Justice Department. Registrants are expected to disclose whom they work for and how much they're paid, and to describe their activities. They're also expected to conspicuously disclose that mailings, letters, opinion pieces or other material they distribute are on behalf of a foreign principal, and that additional details about their efforts are available in Justice Department files. There are exceptions in the law for foreign diplomats and foreign government officials, and for people engaged in solely religious, academic, commercial or scientific activities. ___ Q: HOW DOES IT WORK? A: In practice, lobbyists file reports that can list meetings, phone calls and even emails on behalf of their foreign clients. They must disclose the names of people they meet with and the issues they discussed. The foreign agent must register within 10 days of agreeing to perform the foreign work, before beginning any activities. After that, supplemental reports must be filed every six months, as long as the foreign agent work is ongoing, and the Justice Department must be notified when the agreement is terminated. The reports are posted on a searchable public website: https://www.fara.gov/ ___ Q: WHY DID FLYNN REGISTER? A: Flynn and his firm, Flynn Intel Group, registered as foreign agents in March for work performed for a Turkish-owned business. In the registration, Flynn acknowledged that the work could have principally benefited Turkey's government. Flynn, a retired U.S. Army lieutenant general and former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, was on contract with the company while he was a senior Trump campaign adviser. Over the course of the three-month contract with the company, Inovo BV, Flynn's firm was paid $530,000. Flynn's filing showed the breadth of activities considered foreign-agent work. While his firm performed some lobbying, most of its work was gathering adverse information on Turkish cleric Fethullah Gulen, who lives in Pennsylvania. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan blames Gulen for a failed coup attempt in Turkey last summer and is pushing for the U.S. to extradite him. Gulen denies involvement, and the U.S. has rebuffed Erdogan's request. The goal of Flynn's work, according to his filing, was to develop information that would convince American officials to pursue criminal charges against Gulen. The Associated Press has since learned that Flynn's firm also pushed for a congressional investigation of Gulen during an October meeting. The request was refused. ___ Q: WHAT PROMPTED MANAFORT TO SAY HE WOULD FILE? A: His spokesman says Manafort worked to further Ukrainian political interests. Spokesman Jason Maloni confirmed the intent to register months after the AP reported that his consulting firm had orchestrated a covert Washington lobbying operation on behalf of Ukraine's ruling political party. That effort, from 2012 through 2014, was never disclosed to the Justice Department. Maloni said Manafort began discussions with the U.S. government about his lobbying activities after he joined the Trump campaign. It's unclear whether the conversations came before or after Trump forced Manafort to resign his post, on the same day as the AP report of unregistered lobbying. The Podesta Group, a Washington lobbying firm, has already retroactively registered for its part in the Ukrainian influence campaign. The firm was one of two that worked under the direction of Manafort and his former deputy, Rick Gates. The other firm involved, Mercury LLC, says it also will register soon. ___ Q: DOES RETROACTIVE REGISTRATION FLOUT THE LAW? A: Perhaps, although the Justice Department favors administrative enforcement over criminal punishment and sees value in disclosure no matter when it's made. "The statute's purpose isn't necessarily served by after-the-fact registration, especially where the registration is after the activity on behalf of a foreign interest has ceased," said Stephen Vladeck, a national security law professor at the University of Texas at Austin. "But for better or worse, DOJ has at least sometimes allowed individuals to escape liability by registering after the fact, especially in cases in which the initial failure to register appeared to be negligent, not intentional," Vladeck wrote in an email. In a statement, the Justice Department said it always strives for compliance with the registration requirement and to ensure the accuracy of information about the political activities of those who register. "This is true whether such information pertains to current or past activity," the statement read. "Requiring registration for past activities ensures that these objectives are met and that an accurate public record is created and maintained." ___ Q: WHY ARE THESE CASES ONLY RARELY PROSECUTED? A: Transparency, rather than punishment, is the law's primary purpose. "Not every violation is worth prosecuting," said Amy Jeffress, a former Justice Department national security official. Federal prosecutors typically don't prosecute failure to disclose unless they can prove that it was intentional, she said. Dan Pickard, a partner at the Washington law firm Wiley Rein, said that proving criminal intent can be difficult because of the obscurity of the foreign agent law. "To show a willful intent not to register is a tall order," Pickard said. An August report from the department's inspector general's office counted seven criminal cases under the law between 1966 and 2015, and cited "differing understandings" between FBI officials and Justice Department prosecutors about the statute's intent. Justice Department officials believe the law's primary purpose is not to secure criminal convictions. They cite a separate statute, which makes it a crime to spy or conduct other espionage-like activities on behalf of a foreign government, as a point of focus. But FBI officials say they believe federal prosecutors aren't aggressive enough in pursuing punishments for people who fail to register. ___ Q: HOW DOES THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT ENFORCE THE LAW? A: A small staff in the Foreign Agent Registration Act unit keeps the records and undertakes open-source research. The unit routinely combs the Lobbying Disclosure Act database and news reports looking for lobbying work that should be disclosed as foreign agent work. When the unit finds a likely case, it sends letters of inquiry to the lobbying firms, asking them to turn over documentation and to register as foreign agents if the work qualifies. There's a catch, though. The letters don't have the same power as a subpoena, meaning the unit relies on voluntary disclosure. The Justice Department has pushed for Congress to grant subpoena authority in cases going back to the early 1990s. So far, Congress hasn't given it. FILE - In this Feb. 1, 2017 file photo, then-National Security Adviser Michael Flynn speaks during the daily news briefing at the White House in Washington. Paul Manafort says he's registering with the Justice Department as a foreign agent. Flynn already did. And in both cases the filings by associates of President Donald Trump will come after the fact and accompanied by the admission that they violated federal law. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'My baby and me after nap time': Janet Jackson shares first photo of newborn son Eissa... after estranged husband shares amorous note Adorable PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini boss! Rihanna parades around in tiny two-piece and sips wine after treating her staff to lavish work retreat in Mexico 'Where is Pez?' Little Mix star Perrie Edwards worries followers by temporarily deactivating her Instagram account... after begging fans to delete pictures  Jamiroquai keyboard player Toby Smith dies aged 46, after 'secretly battling cancer for years' News revealed by lead singer Jay Kay, 47 His Wonderwall! David Beckham shares video of son Cruz playing guitar... before downing uni shots together Proud dad Ruff day! Amanda Holden 'left furious with the parents of a cheeky 8-year-old comedian who called her a DOG during Britain's Got Talent audition' Highlighter-haired Kylie Jenner flashes Spanx in $39 PrettyLittleThing mini-dress at Palm Springs bash Tad too short Loose Women presenter Stacey Solomon's 'lingerie and nude snaps leaked online' in latest hacking scandal... just one day after Alex Jones furore 'They should be ashamed': Gogglebox viewers' anger at Ellie and Izzi and Channel 4 for saying United Airlines 'would make a good Snapchat story' PICTURED: Newly-single Lucy Mecklenburgh cuddles up to rugby hunk Thom Evans at fitness bash in LA... after splitting from tiler boyfriend 'Family is everything!': Beaming Kerry Katona spends quality time with her children and husband George Kay over Easter Smiles all round 'I love you so much': Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana posts amorous note after recent birth of their son and failed marriage 'It's taken ten years off you!' Twitter goes wild for Nadia Sawalha's new look as she straightens her curls for the first time on Loose Women Glam transformation 'I'm no scapegoat!' TOWIE's Chloe Sims warns trolls after receiving hate online about her involvement in Megan McKenna and Pete Wicks' split Can't mesh with her! Hailee Steinfeld rocks Coachella bash in thigh-high boots and see-through top Daring ensemble Their first Coachella! Paris Hilton flashes cleavage in multicolored maxi dress as she walks hand-in-hand with boyfriend Chris Zylka Inseparable Not such a Good Friday: Zara Tindall falls off her horse after negotiating a tricky water jump and has to be checked over by medical staff at an event in Norfolk SPOILER ALERT: Megan McKenna confronts nemesis Chloe Sims at the Easter Ball... after THAT explosive row with Pete Wicks on The Only Way Is Essex 'Thank you Luna!' Kim Kardashian gushes over 'cutest' Easter baskets given to her children from Chrissy Teigen and John Legend's daughter Retail therapy! Kate Upton shops in eye-catching leopard print leggings in LA... after claiming 'this week just kicked my a**' Beauty therapy Turned Up! Christina Milian flaunts toned legs in Daisy Dukes at PrettyLittleThing x PAPER magazine gala in Palm Springs 'Sculpting': Katy Perry shows off ultra trim figure during gym workout session in Instagram clip Tip-top shape 'I don't have a thigh gap and I'm still beautiful': Demi Lovato shows off her legs as she shares body positive post Empowerment Table for five! Kourtney Kardashian and ex Scott Disick take kids out for relaxed dinner in Malibu Stepping out Catherine Zeta-Jones nails boho chic with $3,800 Chanel graffiti bag as she arrives at New York's JFK airport with husband Michael Douglas Lucky brake! James Corden narrowly misses being hit by a truck after viewing a house under construction with his wife Julia in LA Lucky escape FIRST LOOK: Carrie Fisher as General Leia in The Last Jedi revealed... as Disney confirms she will NOT be in Episode IX despite brother's claims 'Coachella ella': Shanina Shaik dons skimpy attire and Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts cleavage as stars arrive for desert music festival Looked sensational The Weeknd, Sean 'Diddy' Combs and French Montana among surprise performers set to hit the stage at Coachella She's just a girl! Gwen Stefani keeps it low-key in track jacket and jeans on shopping trip with son Apollo Retail therapy Been Up All Night? Sleepy Liam Payne leaves a London studio wearing a HUGE gold chain as he and Cheryl adjust to new parenthood 'It drives her mad!': Philip Schofield admits Holly Willoughby is fed up of rumours she is pregnant... after sparking speculation by taking sick leave from This Morning Kate Wright flaunts her ample bust in an extremely plunging crop top as she holidays in Dubai... as she puts her toe woes behind her Wore plunging black top Pregnant Olympian Laura Kenny shows off her blossoming baby bump in a stretchy black top as she grabs lunch with friends  Expecting her first child 'Trying to look glamorous is harder than it looks!' Pregnant Binky Felstead proudly shows off her blossoming baby bump in swimwear snap Paris Jackson enjoys family dinner with brother Blanket... after sharing her fears he had been left to live alone Out in public despite fears for his safety Harry Styles' first solo single scores number one spot in the charts... but 'still only achieves half the opening week success of Zayn Malik's debut' Cara Delevingne debuts subtle pink locks as she wraps up warm while resuming filming for romantic drama Life In A Year Kooky new look Charlotte Crosby flaunts her fantastic gym-honed figure and flat stomach in a green crossover bikini in her latest sizzling snap Geordie phwoar! Between the sheets! Home And Away actress Pia Miller strips down to her underpants in a sultry bedroom snap taken by her boyfriend Tyson Mullane 'It's gettin real!': Chrissy Teigen and John Legend share a smooch while posing proudly with pink cake they made for daughter Luna's 1st birthday 'The hardest question of all': Ruby Rose gets stuck when online survey asks 'male or female?' after revealing she identifies as gender fluid He's left me at 70 - how can I survive on my own?  BEL MOONEY helps a woman whose officer-and-gentleman husband is divorcing her Slender Mel C stuns in side-split midi dress as she takes to the stage for passionate final tour performance in Dublin The singer, 43, showed off her fit physique 'Being a mum makes me so content': Helen Flanagan reveals she 'definitely' wants more children with Scott Sinclair... and now finds Corrie more enjoyable 'Why are they trying to ruin it for me?': Danielle Lloyd hits back at Maria Fowler and Nicola McLean's 'vendetta' against her after they accused her of staging her baby gender reveal EXCLUSIVE: Molested at age 10, dumped because of her weight and threatened with a butcher knife, Ashley Graham reveals the demons that dogged her 'Coachella vibin'': Ashley Graham lounges topless by the pool in Palm Springs She seemed ready for a weekend of relaxation, lounging poolside A Strictly reunion: Daisy Lowe shows off her taut midriff in a sleek boob tube as she is reunited with former dancing co-star Louise Redknapp She's Heard it's on-trend: Amber debuts bubblegum pink hair... as she's pictured for the first time since leaving awards bash early following an emergency The angels have landed at Coachella! Jasmine Tookes and Romee Strijd live it up at the Victoria's Secret 'oasis'  It' s hot there! Oops she did it again! Britney Spears shows off toned torso in hot pink bikini as she hits beach on Hawaiian vacation On the shores of Kauai Fans accuse model Shanina Shaik of 'cultural appropriation' after she debuts braided hairstyle for Coachella festival Victoria's Secret star Juggling act! Zoe Saldana carries newborn son Zen before taking a call on LA outing with husband Marco Perego Letting her hair down! Kylie Jenner parties in Coachella without ex Tyga...as they both travel separately to music festival just days after split Top of the crops! Emily Ratajkowski flashes svelte torso in skimpy ensemble as she parties at Coachella  Rocking a bohemian chic crop top and jeans I find YOU the beast of Broadchurch! TV's addictively baffling crime series ends on Monday. Here, with forensic wit, JUDGE JAN MOIR names her culprit 'I wept as I wrote it!' Broadchurch writer promises a 'dark and emotional' end to the ITV drama on Easter Monday... and admits regretting ending it Rich kids of Coachella! Sofia Richie jets off in helicopter with gal pals as celebrities head to desert music festival in style Back to the desert again 'Tears of sadness': Emotional Danniella Westbrook shares Instagram snap admitting she 'needs to break in order to rebuild' while in rehab in Spain 'Holy Boobies': Coco Austin flaunts her ample assets in plunging tight maxi dress on Instagram The wife of Ice-T directed her fans to a new firm Ab fab! Serena Williams displays her chiseled figure in barely-there neon yellow bikini 'Just because' Showed off her VERY athletic physique Babymoon bliss! Pregnant Beyonce jets off to Bora Bora with Jay Z for 'low key' holiday at private island The holiday coincides with their anniversary 'She would work her butt off': Cate Blanchett used Chris Hemsworth's personal trainer while she filmed new Marvel movie Thor: Ragnarok After seeing his work Vanessa Hudgens kicks off Coachella weekend by going topless poolside in Palm Springs She showcased her fit 5ft1in bikini body 'You are pure love and joy!' Shannen Doherty pays birthday tribute to Sarah Michelle Gellar with sweet snap She just celebrated an Aries birthday herself Make-up free Daisy Lowe looks stylish in leather biker jacket as she arrives back in London after trip to New York She's been Stateside 'When the yoga position fails!': Little Mix beauty Leigh-Anne Pinnock shows off her VERY peachy posterior in a thong bikini She sure is flexible Newly single Cara De La Hoyde puts her woes to one side to film TOWIE with Georgia Kousoulou... hours after confirming split with Nathan Massey 'Happy Easter': Candice Swanepoel shares adorable snaps of six-month-old son wearing knit bunny hat Hopping mad Johnny Depp joins rally against Arkansas' rushed plans to put to death seven inmates by end of April - as drug supplier says its injection wasn't meant for execution 'He'd give it another go': TOWIE's Chris Clark is 'hoping for a reunion' with Jesy Nelson when she returns to the UK... after 'breaking up with her over the phone' Ready for anything! Eva Longoria brings wine and a pillow along for romantic getaway with husband José Bastón Wine O'Clock for the 42-year-old 'It's helped my vocal range': X Factor's James Arthur reveals his nose job has made him a better singer... as he performs his new single Can I Be Him live on The One Show Busty Charli XCX showcases her enviable assets and washboard stomach in a skimpy black bikini and jeans in sizzling selfie Mirror selfies 'Oh no!': Cara Delevingne debuts colourful pixie crop as she chops off her locks while filming new drama Life In A Year Sharing a Snapchat story Ben Affleck 'preparing to move out of family guest house' as divorce from Jennifer Garner proceeds He is preparing to move into his own place 'Like cuddling our princess again': Mark Hamill and Harrison Ford hug Carrie Fisher's daughter Billie Lourd 'DejaVuAllOverAgain,' Hamill tagged his post Star Wars' fans excitement as trailer for The Last Jedi premieres - but it gives little hint of what to expect and only a brief glimpse of Princess Leia SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: All the fun of the fair for cheeky little Mia Tindall as she watches her mother compete in horse trials  Looked adorable Ashley James shows off her enviably toned stomach in skimpy mesh lingerie as she soaks up the sun ahead of Coachella Festival in LA Frail Yoko Ono raises a smile as she visits Central Park with her assistants and chats privately with a young man in her first public outing in months 'New York vibes': Blac Chyna sports a red velvet tracksuit as she jets into the Big Apple for nightclub appearance She is a busy mum  Working it! Nicole Murphy displays her flawless figure in a sports bra as she she exercises in the heat She paired her colorful bra with tight trousers Karrueche Tran flaunts her bodacious behind in nude-colored thong bikini for fun-filled beach day in Miami It was all fun in the sun for Karrueche, 28 All star abs! Gigi Hadid shows off her enviably flat stomach while rocking sporty sweatsuit She always has a winning look Sealed with an 'H'! Meghan Markle steps out wearing ANOTHER piece of jewellery with Prince Harry's initial on after the royal flew out for Easter with her SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Royal charity splits with Charles's 'Steel Magnolia' divorce lawyer  Fiona Shackleton  Makeup-free Amy Adams looks relaxed in casual chic as she enjoys day out with husband and daughter She recently ran the gamut of the awards  All bundled up! Hilary Duff throws denim jacket over colorful hoodie out and about in New York City She didn't take any chances BGT contestant Jess Robinson shocks Simon Cowell as she flawlessly impersonates Cheryl in incredible audition  Shocked Simon and wowed the audience Miami mami! Leigh-Anne Pinnock shows off her tiny waist and bodacious booty in a thong bikini as she makes a splash with Little Mix in Florida Katie Price opts for bold sunglasses and fluffy slippers as she enjoys day out in the sun with a friend Can't get enough of the sunshine Abs-olutely fabulous! Victoria's Secret model Georgia Fowler flaunts trim pins and incredible abs in a tiny black bikini Kiwi-born beauty made her debut last year She's picture perfect! Ryan Reynolds takes candid snaps of wife Blake Lively including VERY close up shot of her chest On a tropical holiday 'My daughter can't stand to be around her f***ing father!': Mama June has a showdown with Sugar Bear and his new wife 'I'm always kind of curious': Robert Pattinson admits he is interested in reprising his role as Edward Cullen in a 'radical' Twilight spin-off 'It was chaos': Warren Beatty on THAT Oscars mix up, whether You're So Vain is really about him and the claim he's slept with 13,000 women Now for a drink! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick visit Malibu's Soho House after a day with their three kids Officially outnumbered Angelina Jolie 'splashes out $25 million' on a sprawling Hollywood estate with six bedrooms and 10 bathrooms... as she moves on from Brad Pitt 'I miss his laughter': Elvis Presley's ex-wife Priscilla reflects on the singer 40 years after his death... and claims The King would NEVER have been on Facebook 'We couldn't be happier!' Jeff Goldblum, 64, and wife Emilie Livingston, 34, proudly announce birth of baby boy Married three years ago Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off MAJOR cleavage as she tries out a daring new bra in playful video clip An eye-popping display for the followers 'You look like an egghead': Christine Lampard jibes Les Dennis as he shaves his head live on Loose Women ahead of his new musical role SPOILER ALERT: Numerous rappers surprise fans as it's announced they are set to take the stage at Coachella Kicked off on Friday Jennifer Aniston's half-brother AJ pictured trudging around with new girlfriend after 'abandoning' two children... as Friends star parades around Paris on luxury trip Shirtless Mark Wright shows off his rippling six-pack and bulging biceps as he works up a sweat on a jog in LA Mrs Wright is one lucky woman 'Good vibes only!' Lucy Hale brightens up hr morning in a tank top and leggings as she enjoys an iced coffee Her tank top sported the legend Good Vibes Only Look away, Pippa! Vogue Williams posts ANOTHER sizzling underwear snap as Middleton bans the sexy model from her wedding Future sister-in-laws? Natalie Portman looks slim and trim as she enjoys a hike... just two months after giving birth to daughter Amelia Already back to her pre-baby body? Take her to Church: 'Dominatrix' Charlotte parades her curvaceous figure in a very skimpy leotard and thigh-high boots for sex-themed performance 'You wouldn't stop calling!' Matthew Rhys first tried to woo now girlfriend Keri Russell 16 years ago... but she thought he was a 'buffoon' 'Everything is going to be ok!': Sandra Bullock donates $5000 to Beverly Hills Hotel's former pool manager after he falls on hard times Blac Chyna flashes her abs in form-fitting crop top as she steps out with a mystery male friend... after reuniting with Rob Kardashian It's reportedly back on 'I feel blessed to be here': Emotional Lisa Riley dresses up as a Easter bunny to deliver gifts to poorly children during heartbreaking hospital visit 'Sick' Kim Kardashian attends premiere of The Promise but 'doesn't stay for the movie about the Armenian genocide after being taken unwell' Made an early exit 'She's the best parts of the both of us': Chrissy Teigen shares beautiful family portrait for daughter Luna's first birthday It's been one year st. Is that you, Hugh? Madame Tussauds in China unveils waxwork of Wolverine actor Jackman with bizarre GINGER bouffant hairstyle He's Proud-lock of those abs: Made In Chelsea's Ollie works on his tan as he holidays in Miami with his bikini-clad girlfriend Emma Louise Connolly 'No makeup no filters!' Busy Philipps and Michelle Williams show off their natural beauty in glowing selfie It was a very touching caption 'Life is not a movie set!' Rob Lowe's sons Matthew and John Owen tell Ellen about life with their 'manchild' father He got an earful from his two boys Chocolate, pizza, chips and ice cream! Michelle Heaton shows off her rock hard abs in a crop top after enjoying an 'epic treat day' Former Liberty X singer New mother Alex Jones left 'genuinely angry' as fake topless pictures of TV presenter are leaked online She's in the early days of new motherhood Stylish pair! Robin Thicke, 40, and girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, are a team in jeans and bomber jacket The 40-year-old and the 22-year-old beamed 'An incredible mother:' Heath Ledger's sister Kate praises Michelle Williams for raising daughter Matilda in a 'wonderful environment' You've been framed: Real Housewives star Joanna Krupa wears statement glasses and figure-hugging dress as she touches down at LA airport Très chic! Jennifer Aniston keeps casually cool in long-line camel coat and shades as she enjoys a shopping trip with Justin Theroux in Paris Super size Megan! Miss Fox takes over Manhattan and stretches across Central Park in larger than life new ad The new face  Instagram mummy-shamers accuse pop star Kelly Clarkson of child abuse for giving her two-year-old daughter Nutella She enjoyed the spread Cheers to us! Ted Danson, 69, and wife of 22 years Mary Steenburgen enjoy romantic beach vacation in Hawaii They looked very relaxed Blonde bombshell! Model Natalie Roser poses in a VERY skimpy bikini as she celebrates the weekend by hitting the beach  Enviable figure Who needs boys? Little Mix's Jesy Nelson shows Chris Clark what he's missing as she hits Miami in a bikini amid claims TOWIE star 'dumped her by phone' Lily-Rose Depp rocks a retro Kiss tee as she jets back to LA with beau Ash Stymest after cosy break in Paris A cosy break in Paris, France Hot Legs! Rod Stewart, 71, looks proud as punch as Penny Lancaster, 46, flaunts her toned pins in ripped shorts during a family day out in Beverly Hills TOWIE's Danielle Armstrong displays sensational gym-honed frame in skimpy orange bikini as she gets cosy with hunky beau Daniel Spiller in Dubai EXCLUSIVE 'Summer romance is definitely on the cards': Tallia Storm, 18, moves on from Brooklyn Beckham with a mystery older man in LA Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck take turns to spend time with their children... as it emerges they have both asked for joint custody in divorce papers 'You are so perfect': Shirtless Justin Bieber sends fans into meltdown as he displays his new chest tattoos in latest social media selfie So she DOES eat McDonald's! Gwyneth's Goop lifestyle site issues readers with advice on what to order at fast food chains (but there's no fries...) That's a Lott of colour! Pink-haired Pixie shows off her vibrant hair as she leaves TV studios... after unveiling new music video for latest single Baby 'I've recorded my character's death': Peter Capaldi confirms he's filmed his final Doctor Who scenes... as he describes the show as a 'TV factory' Babewatch! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her ample assets and toned tummy in a skimpy red bikini as she hits the beach in the Seychelles  Mama-ste! Lea Thompson and daughter Zoey Deutch hold hands on their way to yoga They have an unbreakable family bond and both love of acting 'Get him off that floor now!': Jamie Oliver is scolded by his MUM on Instagram after sharing snap of smiling son River Rocket lying on the kitchen tiles Mel B steps out in sporty ensemble in LA amid bitter divorce battle with estranged husband Stephen Belafonte Sporty Spice Newly-single Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her toned curves in a striped bikini as she hits the pool in LA amid split from from tiler boyfriend Former TOWIE star That's not a selfie, THIS is a selfie! Jason Momoa channels his inner Crocodile Dundee while posing with fans at Bluesfest Byron Bay A big hit with the fans Jemma Lucy flaunts surgically-enhanced assets in skimpy bra and plunging playsuit as she cosies up to 'ex-girlfriend' Chantelle Connelly for night out 'Youth is wasted on the young!' Lily Collins flaunts her toned legs in skinny jeans as she steps out with bold message emblazoned on her camo jacket Leggy Natalie Portman hides her post-pregnancy figure in chic knitted coat as she enjoys romantic stroll with husband Benjamin Millepied First class disguise! Katy Perry hides her head behind enormous envelope... before delivering the goods by revealing her famous features Little Mix's Perrie Edwards shows off her cleavage in a plunging white bikini top as she hits the pool in Miami with her bandmates on a rare day off Diane Kruger commands attention in bright red blazer and patchwork jeans as she makes glamorous laundry run in New York She's only human Ellie Goulding opts for understated style as she leaves New York hotel with Team GB boyfriend Casper Jopling New boyfriend 'We're here in paradise!' Jennifer Lopez, 47, shows off her age defying figure in minidress as she arrives for Dominican Republic gig Love Island's Olivia Buckland shows some serious cleavage in a low-cut top as she hits the town with fiancé Alex Bowen Still going strong Painting the town red! Bianca Gascoigne oozes sex appeal as she flaunts her busty assets and toned legs in plunging keyhole gown for night out 'He had just two hours' sleeps a night for YEARS': The late Heath Ledger's manic energy revealed as documentary of actor's life is set to premiere 'I see the kids doing these kind of pics so...': Kathy Griffin, 56, looks ageless as she poses TOPLESS in a bid to keep up with the youngsters Now you can glow like Chrissy Teigen! The model teamed up with Becca Cosmetics on a gorgeous palette you'll want to wear every day this summer It's had a Bake Over! Paul Hollywood, Sandi Toksvig, Noel Fielding and Prue Leith cosy up in FIRST official photo from Channel 4's new GBBO Charli XCX looks kooky in an oversized pyjama-style two-piece and tinted specs as she attends 2017 SESAC Pop Awards Loose-fitting look Her little star! Pregnant Danielle Lloyd cradles her blossoming baby bump in a patterned onesie as she pops to the store for a morning grocery run Baby on board! Rugby star Sam Burgess dotes over newborn daughter Poppy with wife Phoebe during casual outing Hoopin' it up! Jimmy Fallon plays basketball as he films Saturday Night Live skit in NYC ahead of hosting first live coast-to-coast show ever Russell Crowe, 53, keeps it casual in a black T-shirt and jeans as he watches South Sydney Rabbitohs lose to the Canterbury Bulldogs  From Chelsea to California: Kimberley Garner shows off her toned tum in a cropped vest as she hits the beach in Santa Monica with her pet pooch   'He had the biggest heart in the world': Paul Walker's brother Cody discusses taking over the late actor's charity following his tragic death in 2013 Plane stunning! Chrissy Teigen shows off her lean legs with heavily ripped jeans and stylish wrap knit as she touches down in Los Angeles Un beau derrière! Justin Theroux can't keep his hands off wife Jennifer Aniston's pert behind as she poses in a thigh-flashing gown at in Paris Daddy cool! Bradley Cooper sports thick beard and blue shades in first public outing since becoming a father Welcomed his first child this month 'Baby Eric is scared of me': Britain's Got Talent judge Amanda Holden reveals Simon Cowell's son, 3, hasn't taken to her very well  He knows what he likes 'Joe gives me the da good good': Sophie Turner has some suggestive writing on her hand as she steps out with beau Jonas  Like high school again... Meet the millennial Sloanes! How the Chelsea set have swapped pearls and parties for catwalk careers (and you don't need to be posh) 'I worked really hard to be taken seriously': Kendall Jenner admits she's worried about 'tarnishing' her model image in candid chat with Kylie Jenner Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick show off their 'coparenting skills' as they take their three kids bowling In Calabasas with her former flame What a swell guy! Chris Hemsworth poses for selfies with fans after the Thor: Ragnarok actor enjoys a Good Friday surf in Byron Bay Hollywood star  EXCLUSIVE: Paul Walker's brother Cody claims Fast And The Furious 9 'WILL be filmed and set in Australia' 'Long overdue,' he says It begins! Kylie Jenner is among the first to arrive ahead of Coachella as she steps off her private jet in Palm Springs Here she comes Harry flies to Toronto for Easter with Meghan: Love-struck Prince is spotted at his girlfriend's home just weeks after she paid him a visit in London  No wonder Pippa didn't want Vogue at her wedding! Spencer Matthews' girlfriend Williams shares revealing photo showing off her figure  Kate Beckinsale, 43, flaunts her age-defying physique in dazzling white bikini as she shares snaps from sun-drenched family holiday Looking good Seeing double! Kim Kardashian, 36, and Cher, 70, look like sisters as they cosy up at The Promise premiere Lookalikes? 'She reminds me of Tana': Gordon Ramsay has a floor-to-ceiling picture of CINDY CRAWFORD in his home because he's convinced wife is a doppelgänger Bounced back quick! Amanda Seyfried shows off slim frame just three weeks after giving birth to baby girl Proud to show off her slender frame  'Another great day!' Doting mom Britney Spears has dinner in Hawaii with her sons...then posts racy bikini selfie   It's Britney, beach! 'OMG - it's about Haylor!' Frenzied Harry Styles fans convince themselves forthcoming song Ever Since New York is a tribute to fling with Taylor Swift Mel B is all smiles as she hints at a new movie role while stepping out on to a film set in California... amid her bitter divorce battle with Stephen Belafonte That's a bold look! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts incredibly tiny waist and lean legs in skimpy frock Model looks 'It was nice to see Ashley!' John Middleton makes shock return to Emmerdale despite death... as onscreen wife Charlotte Bellamy talks emotional scenes 'Miami with this little sort': Jesy Nelson shows ex Chris Clark what he's missing as she frolics in bra with Little Mix bandmate Perrie Edwards 'Under proofed': Sceptical viewers unimpressed with first photo of C4's Bake Off line-up as one likens Noel and Sandi to a 'single mum and son'  Sheer-ly amazing! Glamorous Julianne Moore wows in see-through lace as she attends a photo exhibit in New York 70 years of Cannes Derriere on full display! Joanna Krupa leaves little to the imagination in tiny bikini bottoms with strapless top in Miami Beach babe. He'll blow the place up! Flame-haired Joaquin Phoenix fearlessly fills up his car at gas station in Los Angeles It was certainly a combustible formula New Girls' Hannah Simone is 'pregnant and secretly wed TV personality Jesse Giddings' She's been keeping secrets New hair do care! Malin Akerman reveals new dark hair colour on Rampage set with Jeffrey Dean Morgan Billions actress has a new do Yes she Cannes! Nicole Kidman leads cinema's elite with four different screenings ahead of the International Film Festival She's a little girl, Posh, not a commodity: SARAH VINE has a message for Victoria Beckham after she trademarks her daughter  'Kill em all (with love)': Anwar Hadid makes a peaceful tweak to his Metallica hoodie as he heads to dinner with family and girlfriend Nicola Peltz 'My cutie!' Proud mother Kim Kardashian shares adorable selfie while cuddling up with her beloved daughter North West Tender moment  Pretty in pink! Frieda Pinto dazzles wearing sartorially on point pastels at Los Angeles premiere of Guerrilla Looked stylish in an elegant suit LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian step out for romantic date night just days before six-year wedding anniversary How romantic 'He would be up for it': Tommy Cannon, 78, has been hotly tipped for Strictly Come Dancing's new series... meaning he would be the 'oldest ever' celebrity on show Jennifer Garner officially files for divorce from Ben Affleck as they decide on 'amicable' split two years after nanny affair shattered marriage Coachella vibes! Model Shanina Shaik shares throwback snap of herself wearing cheeky denim cut-offs and shaggy jacket at iconic California music festival Strutting her stuff! VS Angel Taylor Hill shows off model figure in white tank top as she arrives at LAX ahead of Coachella music festival Festival vibes 'WHY ARE WE ALWAYS YELLING!?' Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L Jackson trade barbs in VERY profane teaser for The Hitman's Bodyguard Julianne Hough gets the full VIP treatment at a nail salon in Beverly Hills as she cuts a slim figure in dark skinny jeans A little me time Come here often? Basic Instinct star Sharon Stone gets chatted up by male customer as she gets nails done Pamper party Katherine Jenkins shows off her svelte figure in chic top and glam metallic trousers for date night after another hit performance in Carousel Sheer beauty! Brie Larson wows in chic black gown with cutout lace panels as she attends LA premiere of Free Fire Academy Award winner Furious Caitlyn Jenner blames Ellen DeGeneres for 'alienating' her from the LGBTQ community Controversial TV appearance in 2015 'Cinema with baby bae': Sallie Axl's nine-month-old daughter Savannah-Blue sips on coca-cola and tucks into nachos for her first big screen visit Disco darling! Victoria Justice pays tribute to the '70s in silver shimmer mini dress at the premiere of The Outcasts Shimmering 'First time swimming with mummy': Stephanie Davis shares sweet snap from baby Caben Albi's first trip to pool... as Jeremy McConnell continues rehab  Painful secret of Madonna's new eyebrows: Pop superstar has £450 a time 'microblading' tattoo treatment  Expensive habit 'Fitness infiltrated my life': Jessie J rocks a shiny bob as she dresses down for day out with pals in sunny NYC... after flaunting her newly taut abs in bikini 'You made us proud': Caitlyn Jenner sends well-wishes to transgender Survivor contestant Zeke Smith after the reality star is outed Flawless! Charlize Theron stuns in thigh-skimming mini dress as she arrives at Jimmy Kimmel Live Wild thing in a bold pattern Sharp dressed man! Matthew McConaughey and his 80s retro mustache get a visit from wife Camila on Ohio set of new movie Getting into character 'I was a centimetre away from being completely paralysed': Charlize Theron reveals near-horrific injury on the set of Aeon Flux  Terrifying incident Timeless beauty! Actress Rose Byrne dons a chic monochrome look at panel event for TV movie The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks Nothing's changed! Keith Urban's UNSEEN 1982 high school class photo sees the country singer sporting boyish looks and signature long locks Late Carrie Fisher fondly remembered in touching tribute clip at Star Wars Celebration convention in Orlando A video released for Florida convention 'It was a difficult habit to break': Hayden Christensen returns to Star Wars Celebration for first time in 15 years... and reveals his biggest shame 'Oh haiiii there handsome': Lewis Bloor sandwiches himself between reality beauties... as he appears to take a swipe at Marnie Simpson  Her breast assets! Justin Bieber's rumoured ex Sahara Ray goes TOPLESS while riding a quad bike and dancing with a female pal 'I worked so hard to set that record': Ellen DeGeneres enlists Oscars selfie cohort Bradley Cooper in parody PSA to keep her retweet record Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Delta aims to avoid United fiasco with $9,950 offer to overbooked Two top officials in Mpls. Mayor Betsy Hodges' campaign resign Five new cases of measles confirmed in Hennepin County Grief strong in west-central Minn. community after teen's death in crash North Korea rolls out missiles, other weaponry at parade Good Friday abortion vigil matched with counterprotest Another bolt from the Blues: Late goal puts Wild in 0-2 hole vs. St. Louis Twins lose series opener to White Sox on soggy night at Target Field Small-town Minnesota mayor resigns amid claims of hiding millions State Fair's 'Original' cheese curds stand closing after 42 years After less than 2 years on job, UCare CEO is jumping to HealthPartners next National 419484633 Lobbying by Trump associates highlights foreign agent law By CHAD DAY and ERIC TUCKER Associated Press April 14, 2017 — 2:15pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint WASHINGTON — Paul Manafort says he's registering with the Justice Department as a foreign agent. Michael Flynn already has. In both cases, the decisions to register by these associates of President Donald Trump came late — after the lobbying has already taken place — and accompanied by an admission that they violated federal law. The high-profile filings are putting a spotlight on the Foreign Agents Registration Act, a law enacted before World War II with the goal of unmasking foreign influence campaigns in the U.S. The idea was simple: Lobbyists and others who work on behalf of a foreign government or political interest must disclose to the Justice Department and to the public their work to sway public opinion and U.S. policy. But the cases of Manafort, who was forced out as Trump's campaign chairman , and Flynn, who was fired as the president's national security adviser , have raised questions, particularly in light of the continuing scrutiny of the foreign entanglements of several Trump associates. A few answers: ___ Q: WHAT IS THE FOREIGN AGENTS REGISTRATION ACT? A: Congress enacted the 1938 statute in response to covert Nazi propaganda agents operating in the U.S. It requires individuals who act in the U.S. on behalf of foreign political parties, people or governments to register as foreign agents with the Justice Department. Registrants are expected to disclose whom they work for and how much they're paid, and to describe their activities. They're also expected to conspicuously disclose that mailings, letters, opinion pieces or other material they distribute are on behalf of a foreign principal, and that additional details about their efforts are available in Justice Department files. There are exceptions in the law for foreign diplomats and foreign government officials, and for people engaged in solely religious, academic, commercial or scientific activities. ___ Q: HOW DOES IT WORK? A: In practice, lobbyists file reports that can list meetings, phone calls and even emails on behalf of their foreign clients. They must disclose the names of people they meet with and the issues they discussed. The foreign agent must register within 10 days of agreeing to perform the foreign work, before beginning any activities. After that, supplemental reports must be filed every six months, as long as the foreign agent work is ongoing, and the Justice Department must be notified when the agreement is terminated. The reports are posted on a searchable public website: https://www.fara.gov/ ___ Q: WHY DID FLYNN REGISTER? A: Flynn and his firm, Flynn Intel Group, registered as foreign agents in March for work performed for a Turkish-owned business. In the registration, Flynn acknowledged that the work could have principally benefited Turkey's government. Flynn, a retired U.S. Army lieutenant general and former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, was on contract with the company while he was a senior Trump campaign adviser. Over the course of the three-month contract with the company, Inovo BV, Flynn's firm was paid $530,000. Flynn's filing showed the breadth of activities considered foreign-agent work. While his firm performed some lobbying, most of its work was gathering adverse information on Turkish cleric Fethullah Gulen, who lives in Pennsylvania. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan blames Gulen for a failed coup attempt in Turkey last summer and is pushing for the U.S. to extradite him. Gulen denies involvement, and the U.S. has rebuffed Erdogan's request. The goal of Flynn's work, according to his filing, was to develop information that would convince American officials to pursue criminal charges against Gulen. The Associated Press has since learned that Flynn's firm also pushed for a congressional investigation of Gulen during an October meeting. The request was refused. ___ Q: WHAT PROMPTED MANAFORT TO SAY HE WOULD FILE? A: His spokesman says Manafort worked to further Ukrainian political interests . Spokesman Jason Maloni confirmed the intent to register months after the AP reported that his consulting firm had orchestrated a covert Washington lobbying operation on behalf of Ukraine's ruling political party. That effort, from 2012 through 2014, was never disclosed to the Justice Department. Maloni said Manafort began discussions with the U.S. government about his lobbying activities after he joined the Trump campaign. It's unclear whether the conversations came before or after Trump forced Manafort to resign his post, on the same day as the AP report of unregistered lobbying. The Podesta Group, a Washington lobbying firm, has already retroactively registered for its part in the Ukrainian influence campaign. The firm was one of two that worked under the direction of Manafort and his former deputy, Rick Gates. The other firm involved, Mercury LLC, says it also will register soon. ___ Q: DOES RETROACTIVE REGISTRATION FLOUT THE LAW? A: Perhaps, although the Justice Department favors administrative enforcement over criminal punishment and sees value in disclosure no matter when it's made. "The statute's purpose isn't necessarily served by after-the-fact registration, especially where the registration is after the activity on behalf of a foreign interest has ceased," said Stephen Vladeck, a national security law professor at the University of Texas at Austin. "But for better or worse, DOJ has at least sometimes allowed individuals to escape liability by registering after the fact, especially in cases in which the initial failure to register appeared to be negligent, not intentional," Vladeck wrote in an email. In a statement, the Justice Department said it always strives for compliance with the registration requirement and to ensure the accuracy of information about the political activities of those who register. "This is true whether such information pertains to current or past activity," the statement read. "Requiring registration for past activities ensures that these objectives are met and that an accurate public record is created and maintained." ___ Q: WHY ARE THESE CASES ONLY RARELY PROSECUTED? A: Transparency, rather than punishment, is the law's primary purpose. "Not every violation is worth prosecuting," said Amy Jeffress, a former Justice Department national security official. Federal prosecutors typically don't prosecute failure to disclose unless they can prove that it was intentional, she said. Dan Pickard, a partner at the Washington law firm Wiley Rein, said that proving criminal intent can be difficult because of the obscurity of the foreign agent law. "To show a willful intent not to register is a tall order," Pickard said. An August report from the department's inspector general's office counted seven criminal cases under the law between 1966 and 2015, and cited "differing understandings" between FBI officials and Justice Department prosecutors about the statute's intent. Justice Department officials believe the law's primary purpose is not to secure criminal convictions. They cite a separate statute, which makes it a crime to spy or conduct other espionage-like activities on behalf of a foreign government, as a point of focus. But FBI officials say they believe federal prosecutors aren't aggressive enough in pursuing punishments for people who fail to register. ___ Q: HOW DOES THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT ENFORCE THE LAW? A: A small staff in the Foreign Agent Registration Act unit keeps the records and undertakes open-source research. The unit routinely combs the Lobbying Disclosure Act database and news reports looking for lobbying work that should be disclosed as foreign agent work. When the unit finds a likely case, it sends letters of inquiry to the lobbying firms, asking them to turn over documentation and to register as foreign agents if the work qualifies. There's a catch, though. The letters don't have the same power as a subpoena, meaning the unit relies on voluntary disclosure. The Justice Department has pushed for Congress to grant subpoena authority in cases going back to the early 1990s. So far, Congress hasn't given it. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Another bolt from the Blues: Late goal puts Wild in 0-2 hole vs. St. Louis No sympathy here for that airline passenger Mpls. Muslims protest 'sharia' vigilante in Cedar-Riverside area Mpls. council candidates want 6th Ward caucus results tossed Two top officials in Mpls. Mayor Betsy Hodges' campaign resign Secret ATF account paid for Vegas trip, $21,000 NASCAR suite, credit card bills Opposition grows to Iowa bill making many 911 calls secret Trump's son-in-law retains scores of real estate holdings Cummings says Nunes should be investigated for Trump revelations Hennepin County sheriff disputes inclusion on ICE inmate noncompliance list More From Politics National 14 minutes ago US launches qualification tests for upgraded nuke bomb Scientists at Sandia National Laboratories are claiming success with the first in a new series of test flights involving an upgraded version of a nuclear bomb that has been part of the U.S. arsenal for decades. National 18 minutes ago Trump White House drops policy of identifying visitors Breaking with the practice of President Donald Trump's predecessor, the White House is keeping secret the lists of visitors to the building. National 19 minutes ago Guest lineups for the Sunday news shows Guest lineups for the Sunday TV news shows: National 22 minutes ago Q&A: How federal law unmasks foreign influence on US policy Paul Manafort says he's registering with the Justice Department as a foreign agent. Michael Flynn already has. In both cases, the decisions to register by these associates of President Donald Trump came late — after the lobbying has already taken place — and accompanied by an admission that they violated federal law. National 22 minutes ago Trump's flip-flops concern some supporters, but not others What's wrong with being flexible? All presidents change their minds. He's only human. Top Stories Delta aims to avoid United fiasco with $9,950 offer to overbooked Apr. 14 Two top officials in Mpls. Mayor Betsy Hodges' campaign resign Apr. 14 Five new cases of measles confirmed in Hennepin County Apr. 14 Most Read US drops 'mother of all bombs' on Islamic State tunnel • National Who could Fox News tap if Bill O'Reilly doesn't return? • National Many in Hawaii support U.S. Rep. Gabbard despite Assad comment • National Trump White House decides to keep visitor records secret • National The Latest: Victim shocked by Utah judge remark in rape case • National World North Korea rolls out missiles, other weaponry at parade Pope speaks of humanity's "shame" in Good Friday procession Nation Minority teachers represent less than 20 percent of the teaching force Manifesto-writing fugitive appears in federal court Politics Good Friday abortion vigil matched with counterprotest Trump White House decides to keep visitor records secret markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Another bolt from the Blues: Late goal puts Wild in 0-2 hole vs. St. Louis Reusse: Wild deserved no better than what it got in Game 2 Twins Twins lose series opener to White Sox on soggy night at Target Field Carew opens up about organ transplant; donor is a former NFL player Wolves Thibodeau praises Rubio - with a caveat Timberwolves' young foundation facing a 'critical summer' Celebrities Carew opens up about organ transplant; donor is a former NFL player Glen Campbell's last studio album to be released in June Super Bowl LII Super Bowl hosts share the wealth statewide Volunteers still needed for 2018 Super Bowl at U.S. Bank Stadium poll Poll: If you could have season tickets for one Minnesota pro team, w... 10,000 Takes How I learned to stop worrying and start loving leggings How the 1987 Minnesota Twins helped me grieve my father Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Study uses epidural stimulation to aid people with spinal cord injur... 02:17 The Mayo Clinic is conducting a study using epidural stimulation on spinal ... Taste New Twin Cities game bars put fun (and craft beers) on tap A vegan croissant? It's happening, in Minneapolis, on April 21 StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Top 10 Vendors in the Global Data Center Security Market from 2017-2021: Technavio Technavio has announced the release of their 'Global Data Center Security Market 2017-2021' report. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has announced the release of their 'Global Data Center Security Market 2017-2021' report. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 14, 2017 01:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technavio has announced the top ten leading vendors in their recent global data center security market report until 2021. This research report also lists 14 other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. The research study by Technavio on the global data center security market for 2017-2021 provides detailed industry analysis based on the type of security (logical security and physical security) and geography (the Americas, EMEA, and APAC). “The global data center security market is projected to grow to over USD 8 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of close to 11% over the forecast period. The rising number of data center constructions are leading to a subsequent increase in demand for data center security, thereby driving the market growth,” says Abhishek Sharma, a lead analyst at Technavio for data center research. Competitive vendor landscape Many global and local vendors are available in the global data center security market for both physical and logical security solutions. This creates competition based on price, features, and reliability of the product to enhance the data center's security. Many customer enterprises in the market prefer to adopt integrated physical and logical security solutions offered by vendors to ensure better management of the entire data center's security requirements. Vendors are also offering software-defined security solutions to enterprises with innovations that can identify vulnerabilities in deployed systems. Request a sample report: https://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=56104 Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Top ten vendors in the global data center security market Bosch Security Systems Bosch Security Systems is a global supplier of technology and services across industry verticals such as automotive, consumer goods, and construction. Check Point Software Technologies Check Point Software Technologies is a global pure-play security vendor that offers a range of security appliances and software for data center environments along with security management. Cisco Systems Cisco Systems is a multinational corporation involved in the design and manufacture of several products and services for the IT sector with a strong presence in the data center industry. Fortinet Fortinet is one among the global leaders in network security. It is working on innovations to create high-performance network security platforms for data center IT infrastructure. Honeywell International Honeywell International, through its Honeywell Security division, designs and manufactures security and automation solutions for commercial applications such as data centers. Intel Intel, through McAfee, offers a wide range of security products for data center logical security. These security products aid the security of every aspect of the data center environment. Schneider Electric APC, a subsidiary of Schneider Electric, designs and manufactures physical security products for data center environments worldwide. Siemens The Building Technologies division of Siemens enables the building of safe and secure buildings and infrastructure, including data centers. The company's security solutions cover all aspects of the data center from the perimeter to the rack. Trend Micro Trend Micro develops innovative security solutions for businesses and consumers. Its modern data center server security platforms for virtual, physical, and cloud environments offer benefits such as higher performance preservation, increased virtual machine densities, and revenue generation. Tyco International Tyco International is one of the leading organizations for business security solutions in North America. Browse Related Reports: Global Data Center Construction Market 2017-2021 Data Center Market in ANZ 2017-2021 Data Center Colocation Market in APAC 2017-2021 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like cloud computing, enterprise application, and IT hardware. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, resellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary Technavio has announced the release of their Global Data Center Security Market 2017-2021 report. #Hashtags #DataCenter #Security Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Top 10 Vendors in the Global Data Center Security Market from 2017-2021: Technavio LONDON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Technavio has announced the top ten leading vendors in their recent global data center security market report until 2021. This research report also lists 14 other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. The research study by Technavio on the global data center security market for 2017-2021 provides detailed industry analysis based on the type of security (logical security and physical security) and geography (the Americas, EMEA, and APAC). “The global data center security market is projected to grow to over USD 8 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of close to 11% over the forecast period. The rising number of data center constructions are leading to a subsequent increase in demand for data center security, thereby driving the market growth,” says Abhishek Sharma, a lead analyst at Technavio for data center research. Competitive vendor landscape Many global and local vendors are available in the global data center security market for both physical and logical security solutions. This creates competition based on price, features, and reliability of the product to enhance the data center’s security. Many customer enterprises in the market prefer to adopt integrated physical and logical security solutions offered by vendors to ensure better management of the entire data center’s security requirements. Vendors are also offering software-defined security solutions to enterprises with innovations that can identify vulnerabilities in deployed systems. Request a sample report: https://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=56104 Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Top ten vendors in the global data center security market Bosch Security Systems Bosch Security Systems is a global supplier of technology and services across industry verticals such as automotive, consumer goods, and construction. Check Point Software Technologies Check Point Software Technologies is a global pure-play security vendor that offers a range of security appliances and software for data center environments along with security management. Cisco Systems Cisco Systems is a multinational corporation involved in the design and manufacture of several products and services for the IT sector with a strong presence in the data center industry. Fortinet Fortinet is one among the global leaders in network security. It is working on innovations to create high-performance network security platforms for data center IT infrastructure. Honeywell International Honeywell International, through its Honeywell Security division, designs and manufactures security and automation solutions for commercial applications such as data centers. Intel Intel, through McAfee, offers a wide range of security products for data center logical security. These security products aid the security of every aspect of the data center environment. Schneider Electric APC, a subsidiary of Schneider Electric, designs and manufactures physical security products for data center environments worldwide. Siemens The Building Technologies division of Siemens enables the building of safe and secure buildings and infrastructure, including data centers. The company’s security solutions cover all aspects of the data center from the perimeter to the rack. Trend Micro Trend Micro develops innovative security solutions for businesses and consumers. Its modern data center server security platforms for virtual, physical, and cloud environments offer benefits such as higher performance preservation, increased virtual machine densities, and revenue generation. Tyco International Tyco International is one of the leading organizations for business security solutions in North America. Browse Related Reports: Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like cloud computing, enterprise application, and IT hardware. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, resellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Virtual Application Delivery Controller Market Research Report 2017 Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Automotive Textiles 2017 Market by Top Manufacturers, With Sales, Price, Revenue & Share, Analysis and Forecast 2022 Search Recent Posts Mindworks Hypnosis NLP Receives 2017 Best of Bellevue Award Eagle Technology Signs New Client, Farwaniya Hospital, In Middle East Mountain West Financial Continues to Successfully Grow with One New Retail Location and One New Licensed State World’s Slimmest Ebook, IPDF Reader Has Entered The Iphone World Scientology Public Information Center surpasses its 11,000 Visitor Mark Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
SAT, APR 15, 2017 | 5 °C Clear Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 2 hours ago Utah judge at rape sentencing: Ex-Mormon bishop a 'good man' Utah judge at rape sentencing: Ex-Mormon bishop a 'good man' Latest News SEE MORE Arkansas' multiple execution plan appearing to unravel North Korea rolls out missiles, other weaponry at parade Chinese foreign minister: No winners if Korea war breaks out Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 3 hours ago New Communitech incubator set to tap world of big data James Slifierz is making the rounds of New York City investors as he... Latest Business News SEE MORE Missing Olympian turns himself in to B.C. police Delta OKs offers of up to $9,950 to flyers who give up seats Three ways politics touched us this week Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 1 hour ago Oilers defeat Sharks 2-0 to even first-round series Oilers score twice shorthanded, beat San Jose Sharks 2-0 in NHL playoffs Latest Sports News SEE MORE Davidson's HR lifts 3 Garcias, White Sox over Twins 2-1 Schwartz's late goal gives Blues 2-1 win, 2-0 lead on Wild Cabrera hits 3-run HR, Tigers beat Indians 7-6 Arts & Entertainment TV Listings Movies News+Reviews Movie Listings Dining Out Music Contests Events Books Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region Wow 2 hours ago Laura Mvula's Tinder excitement Laura Mvula is excited about being on Tinder even thoguh the dates she's... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Noah Cyrus stole Justin Bieber's clothes Book notes Whodunit: Jack Batten Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 3 hours ago April 15 editorial cartoon Marijuana legalization Editorial cartoon April 13, 2017 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Crowdfunding Canada 150 Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness 19 hours ago What is a LIRA? Answering your questions about locked-in retirement accounts It’s hard to imagine that just a few decades ago, it was normal to get a... Latest Stories SEE MORE Earth Day Activity Contest- Newspapers In Education Family doctors key in B.C. fight against fentanyl Federal agency expands national flour recall Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 3 hours ago Wines to complement an Easter feast: Hammond These five gems go well with traditional dishes on your menu. Latest Living stories SEE MORE A taste for cooking and camping Mexico’s Isla Holbox: This way to relaxation Bike-sharing rivalry crowds Beijing’s sidewalks Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 51% off Canadian Haddock Fillets discount: 51% | value: $65.00 | You Save: $33.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Caring For the Environment and Your End of Life Vehicle Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca 51% off Canadian Haddock Fillets discount: 51% | value: $65.00 | You Save: $33.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days John L Plumbing & Drain Cleaning Home News Local UW will strut its stuff in North American... | 14 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 UW will strut its stuff in North American self-driving car competition Autonomoose David Bebee,Record staff file photo Ontario Transportation Minister Steven Del Duca jokes about using "no hands" as he sits in the driver's seat of the University of Waterloo's Autonomoose self-driving car in this photo from November 2016. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record By Liam Casey The University of Waterloo has been chosen to participate in a North American competition to develop a self-driving car in three years. UW will compete against the University of Toronto and six American schools with the goal of autonomous driving in an urban setting by 2020. General Motors and SAE International, an engineering association, have launched the competition designed for undergraduate students that they've dubbed the "AutoDrive Challenge." Derek Rayside, an electrical and computer engineering professor at UW who is overseeing his school's team, said the competition is unique because it is geared for undergraduate students. Artificial intelligence research is a booming field at his school, he said, with at least 20 professors working on various aspects of it, including many in the automotive area. But much of that research is limited to professors, post-doctoral fellows and graduate students. "At the undergraduate level, it's often difficult for those students, to get into that area of research," Rayside said. "You can't just do this on your own — you need all this infrastructure, like the car, the computers, the sensors." Tim Barfoot, an engineering professor with the University of Toronto who is overseeing his school's team, said student interest in the project has grown now that the school has been accepted as a competitor. "There's something about turning a robot into a vehicle that really captures people's imaginations," Barfoot said, adding 250 students have expressed interest in joining the team. "When you can sit inside the robot and it's driving around, that's a totally different experience than watching it from the outside." The other schools competing are Kettering University, Michigan State University, Michigan Technological University, North Carolina A&T University, Texas A&M University and Virginia Tech. Each school will receive a Chevrolet Bolt, General Motors' new electric car, to work on. Intel will provide the computers needed and third parties will provide sensors. The rest will be up to the students. Next spring the schools will enter the first phase of the competition that will test straight roadway driving and object avoidance. By the third and final phase, which will take place at General Motors' test facility in Yuma, Ariz., the cars will be navigating a complex urban setting, according to General Motors Canada spokesperson Uzma Mustafa. The upshot for General Motors is simple: they're looking to create a pipeline of well-trained engineers to hire in the company's big push toward self-driving cars and related technologies. At an event with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau last June, the Detroit-based car company announced it was looking to hire about 700 engineers in the next few years, many of whom will work at a new automotive software development centre in Markham, Ont. "We have cars being tested in the United States and this is a good talent pool to see where the ideas are," Mustafa said. Both schools UW and the University of Toronto say their teams will be large. Barfoot thinks his team will have 100 students, but he's now scrambling to figure out how to accommodate everyone who is interested. Rayside thinks his team will be upwards of 50 students, but admits that could number could grow. "There is huge, huge interest here, in just a few days," Rayside said, noting his university has already selected a name for the car: WATonomous. The goal is to achieve what's known as "level four" autonomy by the end of the competition, Rayside said. "That's a very ambitious goal, but it's good to have ambitious goals," he said. Level zero is no automation, Rayside explained. "Level one is stuff like lane-keeping, so you start drifting out of the lane and the car can nudge you back into the lane and that's on the market now," he said. "Level two is stuff like the car senses there might be a collision and it applies emergency braking before you can get your foot down. That is on the market now and there is data that shows that this is making the world a safer place." At level three, the car starts driving on its own, which isn't available to the public, but exists at research facilities, he said, including at the University of Waterloo, where the self-driving "Autonomoose" — developed by a team of professors, researchers and graduate students — is being tested. "For levels three and four, the car is allowed to ask the human for help, if it's confused and not sure what to do," Rayside said. "At level five, the car is not allowed to ask for help. Nobody can do level 5 and nobody is even close to level 5." The Canadian Press | Latest News Local Woman returns from work to find building scorched, cat unaccounted for Snapshot Local Toddler dies in farming accident in West Montrose Snapshot Local Roundabout construction looms on Ottawa Street Snapshot Local Waterloo Region police say they’ll be ready for pot legalization Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos News St. Patrick's Day on Ezra Avenue News Shooting ArtsEntertainment PHOTOS: Grammy Awards red carpet Video Re-Enactment Video The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Toddler dies in farming accident in West Montrose What’s open, closed this Easter weekend in Waterloo Region Woman leaves work to discover her building blackened from fire and the condition of her cat unknown First ‘double garbage days’ start next week UW researchers capture first image of dark matter connecting galaxies In Your Neighbourhood Today A taste of the country at Country Pantry Country Pantry in Heidelberg is a quaint country store located in the heart of Waterloo County... Family owned and operated Central Automotive now in its fourth decade of business Central Automotive Service has been providing Kitchener and the surrounding areas with quality... 5 tips to make your rental living room Pinterest-worthy You may think beautiful living rooms in small living spaces exist only in magazines, but think... Central Automotive now offers a tire repair service Central Automotive Service, located on Courtland Avenue East in Kitchener, is dedicated to getting... Be chair aware when designing your apartment living space So, you're looking to make the best use of space in your rental apartment unit and also create a... There’s nothing Becker Bros. can’t tow If it needs a tow, you need to call Becker Bros. Towing of Kitchener. No matter whether it’s a... Help for a green pool to bring back the blue Ponds for People Pools & Spas in Waterloo reminds you to make plans for the upkeep of your pool if... Open your mind and floor space with multi-purpose furniture So, you’ve moved into a rather small, but cute apartment and you want to make it feel like home.... Buyer’s guide: Top 5 things to consider when buying a new furnace or AC Bulletproof Heating & Cooling in Hamilton helps individuals throughout southern Ontario find the... Saving Matters: For the Savvy Student You wake up in your dorm, realizing you're running late for class — not a great start. Your... Understanding Your Tax Free Savings Account You may have heard of a TFSA before. They are offered at a lot of financial institutions. A Tax... Create the perfect Easter planter For many, when Easter weekend rolls around, we are reminded that spring has arrived. The weather... How to protect your home from water damage Water damage to your home can be devastating, something that James W A Morris Insurance Group Inc.... Canadians don't have a saving problem – they have a fee problem, pt. 1 Bold statement, Nest Wealth. Ya. It is. Let's talk about it. It can feel like everywhere you... Treat your dog to stress-free grooming Canine Clipper Professional Dog Grooming in Cambridge wants to make sure dogs receive the same... Auto recycling that makes customers and the earth happy When it's time to take your beloved vehicle out of service, it doesn't mean it's the end of the... WEALTH MATTERS: 5 robo advisor myths revisited No, we're not a team of robots. And yes, you really can pick up the phone and call us. Robo... Distracted driving? Some tips to encourage safe driving James W A Morris Insurance Group Inc. in Cambridge would like to take this moment to remind drivers... Tips to create the perfect orange citrus planter With the official first day of spring behind us, gardeners and DIY enthusiasts are gearing up for a... Creating unique spaces in a studio apartment without creating big expenses Small living spaces do not mean you can't create multiple rooms that exist on their own. You can... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   Up to 50% off Food and Drink Show Tickets $7 View Deal Wild Argentine Red Shrimp with the Shell On $40 View Deal 70% off Dining $6 View Deal Up to 50% off Admission to the KW Pet Expo $6 View Deal 50% off Battered Wild Caught Haddock Portions $25 View Deal 40% off Wild Pacific Salmon Portions $42 View Deal 43% off Boston Blue Fish Fillets $20 View Deal Canadian Dry Digby Scallops $115 View Deal View All Deals MORE LOCAL In brief Caledonia man charged in alleged rabbit farming fraud Laurier prospects’ CFL draft status suffers a blow Australia’s Mighty Jills have Cambridge connection Woman leaves work to discover her building blackened from fire and the condition of her cat unknown PreviousNext Waterloo Region police say they’ll be ready for pot legalization Greyhound to offer buses from Waterloo Region to Pearson airport The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Global High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Market to Expand at 18% CAGR during 2016-2022 High Performance Data Analytics Market, by Component, by Application (Manufacturing, Financial, Healthcare, Energy), by Technology – Forecast 2022 Major key Players include Cisco system, Inc,Red hat, Inc.,IBM Corporation,Oracle Corporation,Microsoft Corporation,Intel Corporation” — Market Research Future PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, April 14, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Highlights Global High Performance Data Analytics Market is growing rapidly and the main factor which is supporting the market is increasing application areas and wide adaptability. Growing interest of government, industrial sectors and academics towards HPDA is helping the market to grow. In the year 2015, the global market size of high performance data analysis has been valued at US ~$25.2 billion which is growing with CAGR of ~18%. Growing demand for big data analytics and market of data interpretation is expected to drive the market to US ~$82 billion by the end of forecast period. Market Research Future Analysis: The market of HPDA is expected to grow immensely during the forecast period where North America is expected to account for largest market share. Going ahead, growing manufacturing industry in China and growing economy of China, India and other countries of Asia-Pacific is supporting the market in this region. Also, Asia-Pacific stands as second biggest market followed by Europe region. Key Players • Cisco system, Inc. (U.S.), • Red hat, Inc. (U.S.), • IBM Corporation (U.S.), • Hewlett-Packard Enterprise (U.S.), • Oracle Corporation (U.S.), • Microsoft Corporation (U.S.), • Cray Inc. (U.S.), • Intel Corporation (U.S.), • Juniper Networks (U.S.), • ATOS SE (France) among others. Request a Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1828 Segments Segmentation by Component: • Hardware • Software. Segmentation by Technologies: • Structured, • Semi-Structured • Unstructured. Segmentation by Application: • Manufacturing, • Financial, • Telecommunications, • Healthcare, • Retailers • Energy among Others. Test the market data and market information presented through more than 50 market data tables and figures spread over 80 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on “High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Market Research Report- Global Forecast to 2022.” Target Audience: • Software vendors • Software developers • System integrators • Research & consultants • IT and Cloud service providers • Government The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions. Browse full report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/high-performance-data-analytics-hpda-market Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2022 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Related Report Global Analytics as a Service Market, by Type (Predictive analytics, Prescriptive analytics, Descriptive analytics), by Application (Retail, Government, Healthcare, Energy, Banking & Finance, Manufacturing) – Forecast 2022.Know more about this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/analytics-as-a-service-market About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Contact: Akash Anand, Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hydraulic Fracturing Market is Predicted to Grow at Approximately 11% by 2022 –Foresight Research Next PostNext Global Dog Automatic Feeder Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Ceramic Ball Valve Market Share, Growth, Industry Outlook and Forecast 2022 Global Forestry and Agricultural Tractor Market 2017 : Industry Trends and Analysis Report Helmet Market Research Report – BRG Sports, Schuberth, Nolan, Rudy Project, HJC, Limar SparkFun to host ninth annual Autonomous Vehicle Competition and combat robots at Denver Maker Faire Global Avocado Oil Market Manufactures and Key Statistics Analysis 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Your Nvidia Titan Xp has little to fear Home Hardware What Xbox ‘Project Scorpio’ means for PC gaming By Jeremy Laird on April 13th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Microsoft has dished the deets on its upcoming ‘Scorpio’ hardware update for the Xbox console, and in what amounts to uncharacteristic detail and candour given the ruddy thing isn’t going on sale until the end of 2017. But what are we poor PC peasants to make of the Beast of Redmond’s latest game box and its towering on-paper capabilities? In short, what influence will Project Scorpio’s trick new hardware have on future PC games? As ever with such developments, there is no single and simple answer. Scorpio’s hardware is at the very least a tale of two halves even if they are crammed into a single computer chip or SoC. I speak, of course, of the critical CPU and graphics elements. The media razzmatazz has largely centred on the graphics half of the equation and there’s no denying Scorpio packs some serious pixel-pumping power for a grotty little games console. The headline figures for the GPU rock in at 40 so-called compute units running at 1,172MHz. That compares with ye olde Xbox One’s 12 units at 853MHz and the One S with the same number again, albeit running at 914MHz. It’s AMD, of course, who supplies both the graphics and the CPU designs for the Xbox and, in the Red Team’s standard parlance, a compute unit packs 64 of those, er, shader thingies that make the pixels look so very pretty. We’re talking 768 shaders in the Xbox One and 2,560 of the bump-mapping blighters in Scorpio. If that sounds impressive, AMD’s current fastest GPU, the elderly Radeon R9 Fury X packs 4,096 shaders. And lest you forget, the Fury X is a generation behind and not nearly as fast as Nvidia’s best GPU du jour, the preposterous Titan Xp. On the CPU side of the Scorpio equation, Microsoft has stuck with eight low-power AMD Jaguar-derived cores, albeit running upclocked from 1.75GHz to 2.3Ghz and benefiting from several detail tweaks. The other major part of the package involves the memory and bandwidth combo, which in these consoles is a little more complex given the single-chip architecture means shared memory for GPU and CPU. Anyway, there’s a healthy uptick here too, from 218GB/s and 8GB to 326GB/s and 12GB. The very first observation to make is that while Scorpio moves the game on massively for consoles, it is not exactly frightening today’s high-end PC hardware, much less what will be available when Scorpio actually arrives and, in turn, the PC hardware that will appear over Scorpio’s lifetime. For some perspective, consider that main Scorpio CPU-GPU-SoC thing as a whole clocks in at seven billion transistors. That’s for everything – the CPU, the graphics, the other SoC gubbins, the lot. Nvidia’s biggest GPU, as found in the silly new Titan Xp and indeed the slightly more sensible 1080Ti, packs no fewer than 12 billion transistors. Add billions more for Intel’s finest CPU and a bleeding edge PC’s CPU and GPU alone are more than twice as complex. Even the next tier down in Nvidia’s GPU range, the GTX 1070 and the vanilla GTX 1080 are alone about on a par for complexity with the unified Scorpio chip. So while consoles tend to do more with less, there’s a limit to that philosophy. The PC’s performance and fidelity advantage isn’t being challenged. That’s especially true when it comes to the CPU side of things. Put simply, Scorpio’s CPU cores continue to suck. A fair bit of Microsoft guff has been regurgitated by the tame media regarding Scorpio’s modified cores, the reduced internal latency, 31 per cent faster core clocks, how the new SoC is more customised than before. But I’m not terribly impressed. Clearly, they’re still mostly the the same crappy low-power cores as before, not proper desktop cores. Ermegerd, is that a magnetic hard drive? Put another way, remember what a kicking AMD got for the poor performance of its outgoing FX PC processor? Well, it’s a hell of a lot better than the CPU in any Xbox, including Scorpio. Even AMD’s new Ryzen CPU has been taking a bit of a beating for supposed iffy gaming performance. It would completely obliterate the feeble cores in Scorpio. That’s the disappointing bit, then: That the initial development target for a lot of games for several years to come will still be a system with pretty pathetic CPU cores. The rub here is that while it’s relatively straightforward to add at least some graphical detail to a game when porting for the PC (just chucking in some high res textures can do a power of good for the look of a game), taking advantage of additional PC processor power tends to require a more fundamental rethink of the game engine and indeed the game itself. Which, let’s be honest, isn’t usually going to happen. The exception to all this and what might – just might – prove a saving grace, is the new so-called GPU Command Processor in Scorpio. It’s basically a section of dedicated circuitry on the main SoC design to run DirectX 12 API invocations. In English? Think of it as a DX12 hardware accelerator for some of the more CPU-intensive bits of the game engine like draw calls. It could be a game changer by freeing up even Scorpio’s weak CPU cores to do interesting and innovative things. But it’s far too early to say for sure. If that’s the bad and yet-to-be-proven news, the good is that Scorpio’s focus on pukka 4K capability means that developers will put a lot of effort into making games look great at high resolutions. To pinch a quote from Kevin Gammill, Group Program Director of the Xbox Core platform, “it’s about delivering those pixels with 4K assets, so they look great. It’s about delivering those pixels with HDR and wide colour gamut fidelity. It’s about delivering those pixels with no loss of frame-rate compared to the 1080p version of that title – that’s super-important to us.” In other words, proper high-res textures, geometry and effects that on the one hand really make the most of the detail 4K can deliver and on the other are optimised to reduce performance overheads. And, of course, Scorpio should accelerate the development of games with proper HDR support, which is just another string in developer’s bows when it comes to making games look awesome. Of course, you very likely don’t have a 4K PC screen and you almost certainly don’t have an HDR monitor. But all that should still benefit PC-relevant resolutions like 2,560 by 1,440, otherwise known as 1440p, that sit in between full 4K and 1080p. One part of the Scorpio graphical package for which the benefits to the PC remain to be seen involves tweaks to the graphics engine that go beyond simply adding more functional units. Apparently, Microsoft and presumably AMD took a good look at how developers actually make game engines and then tweaked detailed aspects of the graphics architecture to suit. That’s not going to help existing PC graphics cards. But will we see any of those same hardware tweaks in AMD’s new Vega GPUs, due later this year? My guess is that we may see some similar elements, but probably not everything. So the benefit-cost calculation for the PC in that regard remains to be seen. Overall, Scorpio looks like it’ll be a great thing for PC gaming in terms of plain old eye candy. Whether it will enable more innovation and complexity at the core of game engines is a tougher question and will likely depend on how that funky hardware DX12 setup engine in the Scorpio SoC pans out. Watch this space. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 22 Comments 13/04/2017 at 22:00 Hedgeclipper says: “how developers actually make game engines and then tweaked detailed aspects of the graphics architecture” In a world where we’ve been getting game specific driver updates for several years (which would suggest the gfx companies already have a pretty good idea of how ‘developers actually make game engines’ already) that sounds like marketing fluff. Log in to Reply 13/04/2017 at 22:13 MooseMuffin says: The RX480 was a fully enabled Polaris 10 design with 36 CUs. Scorpio has 40, with its devbox version apparently having 44. Any chance this is a hint at what the highend 5xx card will be? Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 11:34 lemonhug says: This is just a modified RX 480, not anything of the 5xx line up. The 5xx line up has already been leaked online in terms of the specs – just expect more of what the 4xx line up gave but tweaked. It’s a re-release rather than a brand new card. Vega is where the big change will be in a month or two. Log in to Reply 13/04/2017 at 22:50 Czrly says: Sigh. Eye Candy is just about the last thing I think we need more of. What we REALLY need is better AI. Opponents, NPC team members, hive-minds, wotever. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:05 Sakkura says: It’ll be useful for VR, or “mixed reality” as Microsoft is pushing. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 15:18 TormDK says: It is very important to understand, that mixed reality is *not* what you call VR, but rather augmented reality. Augmented reality has alot of useful elements that could be adopted mass scale faster by regular people once the technology matures. VR will continue to be clunky at best for a forseeable future. Log in to Reply 13/04/2017 at 23:02 awesomejt says: I’m not an AMD shill but Ryzen is actually doing fine for gaming performance. There are still better Intel chips (usually for more money) but with R5, Ryzen looks to be at LEAST comparable price/performance wise. It’s a shame that Scorpio doesn’t seem to be enjoying the Ryzen improvements. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:37 geldonyetich says: They would be wise to develop consoles that people have compelling reasons to own. When all you can do is slightly upgrade the power and add useless features like social media, you prove there is no next gen. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:38 particlese says: They’re supposedly also stuffing all the Freesync 2 stuff into the thinger, which should mean low-faff HDR/high-bpp/wide-gamut capabilities will (hopefully) catch on sooner than if it were just AMD pleading with display companies to make things lovelier for us. It’ll spread the joy of non-proprietary variable refresh rate around a bit more, too, although I haven’t myself found that to be the revelatory feature some profess it to be. On the minus side, that’ll all supposedly be implemented exclusively via HDMI, so they’re missing the opportunity to encourage display manufacturers to bung our lovely royalty-free display port into their super-sized photon launchers. Not that it makes a ton of difference in practice, but HDMI is the only display interface which has ever caused me problems, and it did so for a while in various ways, so I tend to be a jerk to it when the opportunity presents itself. So basically, I’d love to someday see a 50″+ screen with Display Port, high (120Hz+) refresh rates which aren’t just marketing “features”, and user-friendly HDR/bpp/gamutStuff; and this newfangled thinger looks to be encouraging much of that. Hooray! Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:47 The Almighty Moo says: Any thoughts on it’s out of he box support for the new FreeSync and HDMI standards Jeremy? I know you covered the standards themselves in a previous article, but I’d be interested to know your thoughts on the effects of this support on the PC / Monitor market. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 01:46 Jeremy Laird says: Good question. First part of the answer would involve the extent to which games use monitors on consoles. I don’t know the answer to that, but my hunch is the heavy majority of consoles are hooked up to TVs. That said, I happen to know from some corporate work I did recently that at least some monitor makers are very keen to sell screens to console gamers. So, I’d expect at least some to try to crack the market by offering a ‘full’ console experience. Whether TVs will fully support it all is a separate question. Do TV makers engineer for console specifically? Honestly, I don’t know. My knowledge of that aspect of the TV market is pretty thin. That said, HDR is quickly becoming the norm as is HDMI 2.0. My experience recently with an HDR TV is that everything works much more seamlessly than before. Hooking a modern PC up to a 4K TV is a non issue in terms of the res, if not perhaps HDR functionality, for now. That said, I think that most of the features of Freesync 2 if not necessarily Freesync 2 itself along with higher bandwidth interfaces are going to become pretty common. Things have been developing pretty fast in the last couple of years and I don’t see that stopping. Displays just keep getting better. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 14:17 funkstar says: Don’t TVs have to support variable refresh rate if they want to be HDMI 2.1 compliant? According to DigitalFoundry, Scorpio supports *both* Freesync AND the new HDMI VRR standard, so TV manufacturers should be covered Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 01:10 SquarePeg says: The reason for Jaguar cores in the Xbox Scorpio is backward compatibility. All Xbox and PS4 games till now are built from the ground up for the Jaguar CPU architecture. They wouldn’t run on Ryzen’s “Zen” architecture without an update for every current gen game ever made. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 01:36 Jeremy Laird says: Jaguar is x86. Ryzen is x86. They are cross compatible except where Ryzen has additional extensions. Ryzen is in effect a superset of Jaguar in terms of the instruction set. So basically, no. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 10:33 Sakkura says: There could perhaps be some very low-level optimizations, like accounting for the timing of how many cycles the architecture will spend on different instructions and structuring the code to take optimal advantage of that… but who would even give a crap about losing such optimization advantages if you were moving from Jaguar to Zen? The latter can easily overcome that deficit, and more to boot. So you’re right. It’s about cost and cooling. Zen is still new stuff, and AMD knows it’s finally got a CPU architecture people will actually pay for. So the price tag would be higher. And while Zen is surprisingly efficient, it’s still a high-power/high-performance architecture optimized for running at higher clocks. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 05:49 Don Reba says: “it’s about delivering those pixels with 4K assets, so they look great. It’s about delivering those pixels with HDR and wide colour gamut fidelity. It’s about delivering those pixels with no loss of frame-rate compared to the 1080p version of that title – that’s super-important to us.” It’s odd, how they expect to get more than 4 times more work out of less than 4 times the computational power. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 10:47 Asurmen says: Well, Scorpio does have more than four times the power? Also capability is more than just tflops. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 13:07 Don Reba says: Ah, yes, you’re right, I did the math and it is indeed a bit more than 4x rendering power. And when you increase the number of pixels by 4, you pretty much just need 4 times the rendering power. Geometry and fragment shaders don’t take up a large proportion of the computation budget. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 13:59 Sakkura says: On the other hand, the Xbox One usually doesn’t render at 1080p anyway. It’s typically 1600×900 or 1280×720 that then gets upscaled to 1080p. So if we say the Xbox One is capable of 1600×900, and Scorpio is capable of 5 times that much, that’s still a little short of 3840×2160. I suspect we’ll be seeing a lot of games rendering at 2560×1440 and upscaling to 4K. Maybe even 1080p upscaled as well. That will still look very nice on a TV, much better than 720p or 900p upscaled to 1080p. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 14:41 funkstar says: According to DF (going by MS reports) performance testing indicates that all 900p and above titles should hit 4k at the same framerates 14/04/2017 at 16:35 Kinsky says: The Xbox One is barely capable of 1080p and forces developers to employ shortcuts galore to achieve even 900p in some cases, such as using uncompressed video/audio files to reduce CPU load, lower texture resolution, lower poly models, and noisy postprocessing effects like bloom and motion blur to cover up the ugly. Scorpio is setting 4K as its target, but seems barely capable of that as well. This likely means we can continue to expect multi-platform releases and ports (i.e. Battlefield) to have ridiculously bloated installation sizes, poor texture resolution, an over-reliance on postprocessing effects, all that sort of thing. But hey, at least they can put a cool-looking bullet point on the console’s features page. 14/04/2017 at 06:32 ElementalAlchemist says: Anyone expecting Scorpio to suddenly change things for PC needs to reign in their expectations. This is not a new generation of consoles, it’s not an Xbox 4, in the same way a PS4 Pro is not a PS5. The baseline/lowest common denominator for game development (excluding the Switch) is still the original Xbone. Games are still going to be developed first and foremost to run on that and the original PS4. All Scorpio will do is (notionally) provide some higher framerates and resolutions (and the jury is out on just how well it will actually perform in practice). So nothing will change for PC going forward in the short to medium turn. We’ll still get the same poorly optimised ports that, on a design basis, are hamstrung by the hardware limitations of the Xbone. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags feature, Microsoft, Project Scorpio, Xbox, Xbox One. Search for clues News and things Mad Catz files for bankruptcy Nine lives run out eventually Nvidia’s new $700 1080 Ti in theory beats $1200 Titan X 35% faster than a 1080 ZeniMax seek injunction shutting down Oculus SDK Oh gosh! “We’re building 3 full VR games, not experiments”- Valve Believes huge tech improvements incoming And much more… The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time The Flare Path: Get Knotted Shifting frontlines and Polish branchlines Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber basilisk : “A completely useless post here: No, I haven't. Because W1 was bad, W2 was also ...” on Have You Played… The Witcher 3? bill : “This version seems too expensive and possibly a little too early, but if this kind ...” on Razer Blade Stealth + Razer Core review: the external laptop graphics card dream Unclepauly : “I would like to extend an invitation to a party.” on Have You Played… The Witcher 3? Tim Stone : “Some of the vocal cues are a bit mad/ghastly (I particularly dislike "Between war and ...” on The Flare Path: Get Knotted Unclepauly : “You would hate Planescape:Torme~ or any of those types of games then. You're missing out ...” on Have You Played… The Witcher 3? The 50 best strategy games on PC Hit Parade What Xbox 'Project Scorpio' means for PC gaming Your Nvidia Titan Xp has little to fear Searching for the truth of a fake world at EVE Fanfest Tourist in a virtual world The 50 Best Free Games On PC No free-to-play, just free. Have You Played... Battlefield 2142? The joy of Titan mode Do alien powers make Prey more than another sci-fi shooter? The Amazing Towel-Man IF Only: Text Adventures For People Who Hate Guessing The Verb Parsers Verbed Best PC gaming deals of the week Including Doom and an Xbox One pad IF Only: Games from Spring Thing 2017 Games from the Spring Thing festival Blood, Sweat & Laughter: The Beauty Of The Build Engine 2.5D remembered. Have You Played… Oddworld: Abe’s Exoddus? "All y'all!" I haven't stopped playing Pictopix for three months Pichappy XCOM 2 Guide To Strategy, Performance, Mods & More Everything you need to know. Why Counter-Strike: Global Offensive's Negev update is a whole new way to play A machinegun that's not useless Wot I Think: Blackwood Crossing Derailed Best Fallout 4 Mods For graphics, weapons, the UI and more. Have You Played... Death Road To Canada? Oregon Trail with zombies but good Steam charts: no funny business Top ten bestsellers for the past week All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 5311 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.134% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: INDYTech Microsoft starts forcing Windows 7 and 8.1 users to update to Windows 10 Changes to Microsoft's policy have also created plenty of confusion / REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson Users who stick with the older software will knowingly expose themselves to cybercriminals Christina Zhao Friday 14 April 2017 16:32 BST Click to follow The Independent Tech Microsoft has started blocking Windows 7 and Windows 8.1 updates for computers running certain new chipsets. The company announced plans last January to block next-generation Intel, AMD and Qualcomm processors from system updates on older versions of Windows, but didn't reveal when support would be cut. The process appears to have just kicked off. Gadgets and tech news in pictures + show all Gadgets and tech news in pictures 1/43 Designed by Pierpaolo Lazzarini from Italian company Jet Capsule. The I.F.O. is fuelled by eight electric engines, which is able to push the flying object to an estimated top speed of about 120mph. Jet Capsule/Cover Images 2/43 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images 3/43 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images 4/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 5/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 6/43 The giant human-like robot bears a striking resemblance to the military robots starring in the movie 'Avatar' and is claimed as a world first by its creators from a South Korean robotic company Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 7/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 8/43 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi Rex 9/43 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi and Kaptain Rock playing one string light saber guitar perform jam session Rex 10/43 A test line of a new energy suspension railway resembling the giant panda is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters 11/43 A test line of a new energy suspension railway, resembling a giant panda, is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters 12/43 A concept car by Trumpchi from GAC Group is shown at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Rex 13/43 A Mirai fuel cell vehicle by Toyota is displayed at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 14/43 A visitor tries a Nissan VR experience at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 15/43 A man looks at an exhibit entitled 'Mimus' a giant industrial robot which has been reprogrammed to interact with humans during a photocall at the new Design Museum in South Kensington, London Getty 16/43 A new Israeli Da-Vinci unmanned aerial vehicle manufactured by Elbit Systems is displayed during the 4th International conference on Home Land Security and Cyber in the Israeli coastal city of Tel Aviv Getty 17/43 Electrification Guru Dr. Wolfgang Ziebart talks about the electric Jaguar I-PACE concept SUV before it was unveiled before the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles, California, U.S Reuters 18/43 The Jaguar I-PACE Concept car is the start of a new era for Jaguar. This is a production preview of the Jaguar I-PACE, which will be revealed next year and on the road in 2018 AP 19/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's CEO Kazuya Kanemaru poses with his company's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' and other robots during a demonstration in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 20/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' Reuters 21/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' performs during its unveiling in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 22/43 Singulato Motors co-founder and CEO Shen Haiyin poses in his company's concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 23/43 The interior of Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 24/43 Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 Reuters 25/43 A picture shows Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 26/43 Connected company president Shigeki Tomoyama addresses a press briefing as he elaborates on Toyota's "connected strategy" in Tokyo. The Connected company is a part of seven Toyota in-house companies that was created in April 2016 Getty 27/43 A Toyota Motors employee demonstrates a smartphone app with the company's pocket plug-in hybrid (PHV) service on the cockpit of the latest Prius hybrid vehicle during Toyota's "connected strategy" press briefing in Tokyo Getty 28/43 An exhibitor charges the battery cells of AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 29/43 A robot with a touch-screen information apps stroll down the pavillon at the Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 30/43 An exhibitor demonstrates the AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 31/43 Robotic fishes swim in a water glass tank displayed at the Korea pavillon during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 32/43 An employee shows a Samsung Electronics' Gear S3 Classic during Korea Electronics Show 2016 in Seoul, South Korea Reuters 33/43 Visitors experience Samsung Electronics' Gear VR during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty 34/43 Amy Rimmer, Research Engineer at Jaguar Land Rover, demonstrates the car manufacturer's Advanced Highway Assist in a Range Rover, which drives the vehicle, overtakes and can detect vehicles in the blind spot, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 35/43 Chris Burbridge, Autonomous Driving Software Engineer for Tata Motors European Technical Centre, demonstrates the car manufacturer's GLOSA V2X functionality, which is connected to the traffic lights and shares information with the driver, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 36/43 Ford EEBL Emergency Electronic Brake Lights is demonstrated during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA 37/43 Full-scale model of 'Kibo' on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan EPA 38/43 Miniatures on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan. In its facilities, JAXA develop satellites and analyse their observation data, train astronauts for utilization in the Japanese Experiment Module 'Kibo' of the International Space Station (ISS) and develop launch vehicles EPA 39/43 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to the music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight. At this biennial event, the participating companies exhibit their latest service robotic technologies and components Getty 40/43 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight Getty 41/43 Government and industry are working together on a robot-like autopilot system that could eliminate the need for a second human pilot in the cockpit AP 42/43 Aurora Flight Sciences' technicians work on an Aircrew Labor In-Cockpit Automantion System (ALIAS) device in the firm's Centaur aircraft at Manassas Airport in Manassas, Va. AP 43/43 Flight Simulator Stefan Schwart and Udo Klingenberg preparing a self-built flight simulator to land at Hong Kong airport, from Rostock, Germany EPA Social media users are reporting that Microsoft is now blocking access to Windows 7 and 8.1 updates on devices running Intel's Kaby Lake processor. Instead of the normal download screen, users attempting to update their systems are facing an error message reading, “Your PC uses a processor that is designed for the latest version of Windows.  "Because the processor is not supported together with the Windows version that you are currently using, your system will miss important security updates." Microsoft has tried to justify the move by saying that the processors offer new capabilities that makes compatibility with older systems difficult, but it's also being seen as yet another aggressive technique designed to migrate more customers to Windows 10. Changes to Microsoft's policy have also created plenty of confusion.  Skylake processors were included in the original policy announcement, but Microsoft has back-pedalled now says that some devices running the chipset will continue to receive Windows 7 and 8.1 updates, while others won't. Machines running Ryzen, Kaby Lake and other new processors will have to upgrade to Windows 10. Microsoft has released a Windows lifecycle fact sheet to clarify the situation. Read more Windows 10 Creators Update: What you need to do before downloading it “Without Microsoft support, you will no longer receive security updates that can help protect your PC from harmful viruses, spyware, and other malicious software that can steal your personal information,” it reads. In other words, users need to upgrade to Windows 10 or knowingly expose themselves to cybercriminals. According to NetMarketShare, almost half of all computer users are still on Windows 7, which came out in 2009. Earlier this month, Microsoft cut support for Window Vista, widely considered the worst version of the operating system ever made. More about: Microsoft Windows Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Home | Reviews | Guides | Contest | Case Gallery | Newsletter | IRC Chat | Forums Community Donate to OCC [email protected] [email protected] Misc. Areas About Us Employment Overclocking FAQ OCC Clothing Follow Us! Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Feeds Google Currents Welcome Stranger to OCC!Login | Register Hardware Roundup: Friday, April 14, 2017, Edition Category: Affiliate News Posted: April 14, 2017 07:43AM Author: bp9801 More The end of the week has arrived, with several items for you to check out before the weekend hits. We have a look at whether you should go with the AMD Ryzen 5 1600X or 1600 as your new CPU. On the Intel side of things, we have a review of the ASUS Strix H270F Gaming motherboard, which still has plenty of features at its disposal, even if you can't overclock. There's a look at the OBT Open Benchtable, an open air case for quick swapping of components, especially the motherboard since it secures with push pins. Wrapping things up is a podcast covering the latest news and reviews of the past week. CPUs Ryzen 5 1600X vs. 1600: Which should you buy? @ TechSpot Motherboards ASUS Strix H270F Gaming @ LanOC Reviews Cases OBT Open Benchtable @ PC Perspective Miscellany Podcast #445 @ PC Perspective Email Link Print News Register as a member to subscribe comments. Submit your comment: Members, please LOGIN before posting Live user verification *: Enter the letters you see in the image (without spaces) Comment *: * indicates required fields Recent Articles AMD Ryzen 5 1600X & 1500X Processor Review NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Founders Edition Review RAIDMAX Monster II Review » all reviews Forum Posts Kid Friendly Games for a 10 Year Old Kid Free WinX DVD Ripper Platinum V 8.5.0 AMD Ryzen 5 1600X & 1500X Processor Reviewed Latest News Material Made That Draws Moisture From Dry Air G.SKILL Trident Z DDR4 RAM Reaches 4333 MHz Hardware Roundup: Friday, April 14, 2017, Edition Random Pic Click to enlarge Most Popular Articles AMD Ryzen 5 1600X & 1500X Processor Review NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Founders Edition Review Latest Comments Firefox Gets a 64-bit Version for Windows [6] Repairing Nerves with 3D Printed Guides [1] Valve Announces the Vive VR Headset, Built by HTC [1] Sony Announces Premium Sound Memory Card [1] NVIDIA Hit With Class Action Lawsuit Over GTX 970 Memory Issue [1] Predicting the Past in Quantum Mechanics [1] Equation Group Spying Software Found on Hard Drives Across the World [3] Super Bowl Halftime Show Powered by MAINGEAR System with Four GeForce GTX Titan Z GPUs [3] Fake Facebook Porn Links Infect Over 110,000 Users with Trojan in Just Two Days [1] ContactReview RequestsForumsAdvertiseOCC Logos and Banners © 2001-2017 Overclockers Club ® Privacy Policy Elapsed: 0.0953209400   (xlweb1)
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance NVIDIA Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for NVIDIA Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Pennantpark Floating Rate Capital Ltd (PFLT) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research First National Bank of Omaha Reduces Position in Occidental Petroleum Co. (OXY) Toro Co (TTC) Stake Maintained by CrestPoint Capital Management LLC First National Bank of Omaha Purchases 3,518 Shares of Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) J B Hunt Transport Services Inc (JBHT) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Vertical Research Carlson Capital Management Maintains Position in Target Co. (TGT) Marshwinds Advisory Co. Maintains Position in South State Co. (SSB) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Position Cut by CrestPoint Capital Management LLC Winslow Asset Management Inc. Maintains Position in BP plc (BP) CrestPoint Capital Management LLC Sells 900 Shares of Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows WestRock (WRK) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.10 Monsanto Company (MON) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages DexCom, Inc. (DXCM) Receives Buy Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.13 Billion Endo International plc – (ENDP) Given “Buy” Rating at Mizuho Brokerages Anticipate Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT) (CCI) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.01 Billion Triton International Limited (TRTN) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Vodafone Group plc (VOD) Given a GBX 270 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of NVIDIA Co. (NASDAQ:NVDA) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report report published on Thursday morning. According to Zacks, “NVIDIA offers digital media processors and related software for a wide range of visual computing platforms. Shares of NVIDIA has underperformed the broader industry over the past three months. The downside can be attributed to cautious forward-looking prospects of the PC industry, made by the research firms IDC and Gartner. Both firms agreed that the recent surge in DRAM prices and short supply of SSD will lead to an increase in PC prices. Also, analyst Jim Cramer recently downgraded NVDA to “Underweight.” These hindrances make us slightly cautious about NVIDIA’s near-term performance. Going forward, competition from the likes of Intel and QUALCOMM adds to the woes. Nonetheless, NVIDIA’s sustained efforts toward attaining robust position in several emerging industries such as Artificial Intelligence (AI), deep learning and driverless cars industry remain the positives.” NVDA has been the topic of a number of other reports. Vetr raised NVIDIA from a hold rating to a strong-buy rating and set a $126.49 price target on the stock in a report on Thursday, December 29th. Summit Redstone set a $120.00 price target on NVIDIA and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Saturday, February 11th. Royal Bank of Canada upped their price target on NVIDIA from $124.00 to $130.00 and gave the company an outperform rating in a report on Friday, February 10th. B. Riley reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $135.00 price target on shares of NVIDIA in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, BMO Capital Markets upped their price target on NVIDIA from $75.00 to $100.00 and gave the company a market perform rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating, sixteen have issued a buy rating and four have issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $101.09. NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) traded down 1.87% on Thursday, reaching $95.49. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 12,672,345 shares. The stock has a market cap of $56.24 billion, a P/E ratio of 37.16 and a beta of 1.31. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $102.65 and a 200-day moving average of $94.23. NVIDIA has a one year low of $34.40 and a one year high of $120.92. NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The computer hardware maker reported $0.99 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.83 by $0.16. The firm had revenue of $2.17 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.10 billion. NVIDIA had a return on equity of 34.13% and a net margin of 23.82%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 54.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.35 earnings per share. On average, analysts predict that NVIDIA will post $2.88 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/nvidia-co-nvda-lowered-to-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 17th. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 24th were given a dividend of $0.14 per share. This represents a $0.56 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.59%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, February 22nd. NVIDIA’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 21.96%. In other NVIDIA news, insider Michael Byron sold 750 shares of NVIDIA stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $102.09, for a total transaction of $76,567.50. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 159,442 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $16,277,433.78. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Jen Hsun Huang sold 41,666 shares of NVIDIA stock in a transaction on Friday, February 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $114.53, for a total value of $4,772,006.98. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 1,751,872 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $200,641,900.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 303,906 shares of company stock valued at $32,645,625. 5.82% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of NVDA. KEYWISE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Ltd increased its position in shares of NVIDIA by 2.6% in the third quarter. KEYWISE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Ltd now owns 1,175,020 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $80,512,000 after buying an additional 30,020 shares in the last quarter. BTC Capital Management Inc. bought a new position in shares of NVIDIA during the third quarter worth about $474,000. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc increased its position in shares of NVIDIA by 19.6% in the third quarter. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc now owns 92,238 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $6,320,000 after buying an additional 15,094 shares in the last quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System increased its position in shares of NVIDIA by 2.4% in the third quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 34,100 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $2,337,000 after buying an additional 800 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Regentatlantic Capital LLC increased its position in shares of NVIDIA by 13.0% in the third quarter. Regentatlantic Capital LLC now owns 6,289 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $431,000 after buying an additional 724 shares in the last quarter. 85.00% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. NVIDIA Company Profile Nvidia Corporation focuses on personal computer (PC) graphics, graphics processing unit (GPU) and also on artificial intelligence (AI). The Company’s operates through two segments: GPU and Tegra Processor. The Company’s GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets, including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and big data researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on NVIDIA (NVDA) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for NVIDIA Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NVIDIA Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Global Next Generation Data Storage Technology Market Will Continue to Grow by 2021 Next generation data storage technology is the need for the hour as everything today we use creates data. For instance our mobile phones, wearable electronics, smart battery, games, advertisements, movies, smart homes, smart city, smart homes i.e. almost everything creates data. The next generation data storage technology offers the storage and fast recovery of our data in an efficient manner. The conventional data storage technology cannot handle the large chunks of data that are being produced every day. Request to view Sample Report @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/7169 The increasing input-output devices are driving the next generation data storage market. Now data is being produced in virtually every sector that is the major growth driver for next generation data storage market. The growing demand for time-saving is a major driver of next generation data storage market. An example of time-saving technologies or system: smart technologies, automated systems, internet of things, online shopping, etc. has taken the next generation data storage market to a next level. Companies working in next generation and data storage market are constantly investing in research and development. For instance: HP has developed affordable flash drives that work at high speed. The invention of new technologies is catering the needs of the data market and boosting the next generation data storage market. For instances: EMC has developed new technology to solve data storage problems in enterprises, also Intel and micron have developed 3D NAND technology to increase data processing speed in solid state drives. Data storage which is a major challenge for numerous industries is helping the next generation data storage technology market to expand its roots. There is a vast demand for data storage which is flourishing the next generation data storage market. With the need to constantly update till the time we find the ultimate data storage technology is biggest demand generator for next generation data storage market because the data generation is never going to end. Cloud computing is a new trend and there has been a significant increase in the number of cloud providers, NetApp and EMC are aggressively focusing on this market. For instance: Virtustream is acquired by EMC to expand its cloud services. The restrain of next generation data storage market is the lack of security in cloud and server based services. Next generation data storage technology market is segmented by technology, by applications, by region. Next generation data storage technology market segmentation by technology is done as cloud-based disaster recovery, all-flash storage arrays, hybrid array, holographic data storage and Heat Assisted Magnetic Recording (HAMR). The growing technologies will help to store, secure and recover huge volume of data. Hybrid array and all-flash array are popular storage techniques. Next generation data storage technology market segmentation by an application is done into big data storage service, cloud-based storage service, enterprise based storage service and others. The growing data analytics for big data has created the requirement for next generation data storage system, which help in efficient storing and fast searching of necessary data. The global next generation data storage technology market is segmented into seven major regions, which include North America, Western Europe, Asia Pacific Excluding Japan (APEJ), Japan, Eastern Europe, Latin America and the Middle East & Africa. Some of the key players identified in the global next generation data storage technology market are Dell, EMC Corporation, IBM, VMware, Inc., Hewlett-Packard Development Company, Sandisk corporation, Micron Technology, Nutanix, NetApp, Inc. , Toshiba corporation, Quantum Corporation, Hitachi data systems, HGST, Inc., Drobo , Avago Technologies, SimpliVity Corporation, Tintri. Wherein HP, EMC and IBM are some of the leading players in global next generation data storage technology market. The increase in the cloud services for public and the smart technologies generated the need for new technologies for the enterprise storage industries. Request to view Table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/7169 The research report presents a comprehensive assessment of the market and contains thoughtful insights, facts, historical data, and statistically supported and industry-validated market data. It also contains projections using a suitable set of assumptions and methodologies. The research report provides analysis and information according to categories such as by technology, by application, by region. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global IV iron drugs market to grow at a CAGR of 10.46% during the period 2017-2021 Next PostNext Global Itraconazole Powder Market Research Report 2017 Search Recent Posts Brad Nierenberg – Fosters Employee Satisfaction and Efficiency by Implementing a Positive Organizational Culture Persistent surveillance gives squadron its global purpose Airmen participate in Army exercise, prep for joint deployment Gov. Kay Ivey Receives Faux-Alligator Purse From PETA Kiwi Ingenuity in Global Climate Financing Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Your Nvidia Titan Xp has little to fear Home Hardware What Xbox ‘Project Scorpio’ means for PC gaming By Jeremy Laird on April 13th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Microsoft has dished the deets on its upcoming ‘Scorpio’ hardware update for the Xbox console, and in what amounts to uncharacteristic detail and candour given the ruddy thing isn’t going on sale until the end of 2017. But what are we poor PC peasants to make of the Beast of Redmond’s latest game box and its towering on-paper capabilities? In short, what influence will Project Scorpio’s trick new hardware have on future PC games? As ever with such developments, there is no single and simple answer. Scorpio’s hardware is at the very least a tale of two halves even if they are crammed into a single computer chip or SoC. I speak, of course, of the critical CPU and graphics elements. The media razzmatazz has largely centred on the graphics half of the equation and there’s no denying Scorpio packs some serious pixel-pumping power for a grotty little games console. The headline figures for the GPU rock in at 40 so-called compute units running at 1,172MHz. That compares with ye olde Xbox One’s 12 units at 853MHz and the One S with the same number again, albeit running at 914MHz. It’s AMD, of course, who supplies both the graphics and the CPU designs for the Xbox and, in the Red Team’s standard parlance, a compute unit packs 64 of those, er, shader thingies that make the pixels look so very pretty. We’re talking 768 shaders in the Xbox One and 2,560 of the bump-mapping blighters in Scorpio. If that sounds impressive, AMD’s current fastest GPU, the elderly Radeon R9 Fury X packs 4,096 shaders. And lest you forget, the Fury X is a generation behind and not nearly as fast as Nvidia’s best GPU du jour, the preposterous Titan Xp. On the CPU side of the Scorpio equation, Microsoft has stuck with eight low-power AMD Jaguar-derived cores, albeit running upclocked from 1.75GHz to 2.3Ghz and benefiting from several detail tweaks. The other major part of the package involves the memory and bandwidth combo, which in these consoles is a little more complex given the single-chip architecture means shared memory for GPU and CPU. Anyway, there’s a healthy uptick here too, from 218GB/s and 8GB to 326GB/s and 12GB. The very first observation to make is that while Scorpio moves the game on massively for consoles, it is not exactly frightening today’s high-end PC hardware, much less what will be available when Scorpio actually arrives and, in turn, the PC hardware that will appear over Scorpio’s lifetime. For some perspective, consider that main Scorpio CPU-GPU-SoC thing as a whole clocks in at seven billion transistors. That’s for everything – the CPU, the graphics, the other SoC gubbins, the lot. Nvidia’s biggest GPU, as found in the silly new Titan Xp and indeed the slightly more sensible 1080Ti, packs no fewer than 12 billion transistors. Add billions more for Intel’s finest CPU and a bleeding edge PC’s CPU and GPU alone are more than twice as complex. Even the next tier down in Nvidia’s GPU range, the GTX 1070 and the vanilla GTX 1080 are alone about on a par for complexity with the unified Scorpio chip. So while consoles tend to do more with less, there’s a limit to that philosophy. The PC’s performance and fidelity advantage isn’t being challenged. That’s especially true when it comes to the CPU side of things. Put simply, Scorpio’s CPU cores continue to suck. A fair bit of Microsoft guff has been regurgitated by the tame media regarding Scorpio’s modified cores, the reduced internal latency, 31 per cent faster core clocks, how the new SoC is more customised than before. But I’m not terribly impressed. Clearly, they’re still mostly the the same crappy low-power cores as before, not proper desktop cores. Ermegerd, is that a magnetic hard drive? Put another way, remember what a kicking AMD got for the poor performance of its outgoing FX PC processor? Well, it’s a hell of a lot better than the CPU in any Xbox, including Scorpio. Even AMD’s new Ryzen CPU has been taking a bit of a beating for supposed iffy gaming performance. It would completely obliterate the feeble cores in Scorpio. That’s the disappointing bit, then: That the initial development target for a lot of games for several years to come will still be a system with pretty pathetic CPU cores. The rub here is that while it’s relatively straightforward to add at least some graphical detail to a game when porting for the PC (just chucking in some high res textures can do a power of good for the look of a game), taking advantage of additional PC processor power tends to require a more fundamental rethink of the game engine and indeed the game itself. Which, let’s be honest, isn’t usually going to happen. The exception to all this and what might – just might – prove a saving grace, is the new so-called GPU Command Processor in Scorpio. It’s basically a section of dedicated circuitry on the main SoC design to run DirectX 12 API invocations. In English? Think of it as a DX12 hardware accelerator for some of the more CPU-intensive bits of the game engine like draw calls. It could be a game changer by freeing up even Scorpio’s weak CPU cores to do interesting and innovative things. But it’s far too early to say for sure. If that’s the bad and yet-to-be-proven news, the good is that Scorpio’s focus on pukka 4K capability means that developers will put a lot of effort into making games look great at high resolutions. To pinch a quote from Kevin Gammill, Group Program Director of the Xbox Core platform, “it’s about delivering those pixels with 4K assets, so they look great. It’s about delivering those pixels with HDR and wide colour gamut fidelity. It’s about delivering those pixels with no loss of frame-rate compared to the 1080p version of that title – that’s super-important to us.” In other words, proper high-res textures, geometry and effects that on the one hand really make the most of the detail 4K can deliver and on the other are optimised to reduce performance overheads. And, of course, Scorpio should accelerate the development of games with proper HDR support, which is just another string in developer’s bows when it comes to making games look awesome. Of course, you very likely don’t have a 4K PC screen and you almost certainly don’t have an HDR monitor. But all that should still benefit PC-relevant resolutions like 2,560 by 1,440, otherwise known as 1440p, that sit in between full 4K and 1080p. One part of the Scorpio graphical package for which the benefits to the PC remain to be seen involves tweaks to the graphics engine that go beyond simply adding more functional units. Apparently, Microsoft and presumably AMD took a good look at how developers actually make game engines and then tweaked detailed aspects of the graphics architecture to suit. That’s not going to help existing PC graphics cards. But will we see any of those same hardware tweaks in AMD’s new Vega GPUs, due later this year? My guess is that we may see some similar elements, but probably not everything. So the benefit-cost calculation for the PC in that regard remains to be seen. Overall, Scorpio looks like it’ll be a great thing for PC gaming in terms of plain old eye candy. Whether it will enable more innovation and complexity at the core of game engines is a tougher question and will likely depend on how that funky hardware DX12 setup engine in the Scorpio SoC pans out. Watch this space. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 22 Comments 13/04/2017 at 22:00 Hedgeclipper says: “how developers actually make game engines and then tweaked detailed aspects of the graphics architecture” In a world where we’ve been getting game specific driver updates for several years (which would suggest the gfx companies already have a pretty good idea of how ‘developers actually make game engines’ already) that sounds like marketing fluff. Log in to Reply 13/04/2017 at 22:13 MooseMuffin says: The RX480 was a fully enabled Polaris 10 design with 36 CUs. Scorpio has 40, with its devbox version apparently having 44. Any chance this is a hint at what the highend 5xx card will be? Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 11:34 lemonhug says: This is just a modified RX 480, not anything of the 5xx line up. The 5xx line up has already been leaked online in terms of the specs – just expect more of what the 4xx line up gave but tweaked. It’s a re-release rather than a brand new card. Vega is where the big change will be in a month or two. Log in to Reply 13/04/2017 at 22:50 Czrly says: Sigh. Eye Candy is just about the last thing I think we need more of. What we REALLY need is better AI. Opponents, NPC team members, hive-minds, wotever. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:05 Sakkura says: It’ll be useful for VR, or “mixed reality” as Microsoft is pushing. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 15:18 TormDK says: It is very important to understand, that mixed reality is *not* what you call VR, but rather augmented reality. Augmented reality has alot of useful elements that could be adopted mass scale faster by regular people once the technology matures. VR will continue to be clunky at best for a forseeable future. Log in to Reply 13/04/2017 at 23:02 awesomejt says: I’m not an AMD shill but Ryzen is actually doing fine for gaming performance. There are still better Intel chips (usually for more money) but with R5, Ryzen looks to be at LEAST comparable price/performance wise. It’s a shame that Scorpio doesn’t seem to be enjoying the Ryzen improvements. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:37 geldonyetich says: They would be wise to develop consoles that people have compelling reasons to own. When all you can do is slightly upgrade the power and add useless features like social media, you prove there is no next gen. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:38 particlese says: They’re supposedly also stuffing all the Freesync 2 stuff into the thinger, which should mean low-faff HDR/high-bpp/wide-gamut capabilities will (hopefully) catch on sooner than if it were just AMD pleading with display companies to make things lovelier for us. It’ll spread the joy of non-proprietary variable refresh rate around a bit more, too, although I haven’t myself found that to be the revelatory feature some profess it to be. On the minus side, that’ll all supposedly be implemented exclusively via HDMI, so they’re missing the opportunity to encourage display manufacturers to bung our lovely royalty-free display port into their super-sized photon launchers. Not that it makes a ton of difference in practice, but HDMI is the only display interface which has ever caused me problems, and it did so for a while in various ways, so I tend to be a jerk to it when the opportunity presents itself. So basically, I’d love to someday see a 50″+ screen with Display Port, high (120Hz+) refresh rates which aren’t just marketing “features”, and user-friendly HDR/bpp/gamutStuff; and this newfangled thinger looks to be encouraging much of that. Hooray! Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:47 The Almighty Moo says: Any thoughts on it’s out of he box support for the new FreeSync and HDMI standards Jeremy? I know you covered the standards themselves in a previous article, but I’d be interested to know your thoughts on the effects of this support on the PC / Monitor market. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 01:46 Jeremy Laird says: Good question. First part of the answer would involve the extent to which games use monitors on consoles. I don’t know the answer to that, but my hunch is the heavy majority of consoles are hooked up to TVs. That said, I happen to know from some corporate work I did recently that at least some monitor makers are very keen to sell screens to console gamers. So, I’d expect at least some to try to crack the market by offering a ‘full’ console experience. Whether TVs will fully support it all is a separate question. Do TV makers engineer for console specifically? Honestly, I don’t know. My knowledge of that aspect of the TV market is pretty thin. That said, HDR is quickly becoming the norm as is HDMI 2.0. My experience recently with an HDR TV is that everything works much more seamlessly than before. Hooking a modern PC up to a 4K TV is a non issue in terms of the res, if not perhaps HDR functionality, for now. That said, I think that most of the features of Freesync 2 if not necessarily Freesync 2 itself along with higher bandwidth interfaces are going to become pretty common. Things have been developing pretty fast in the last couple of years and I don’t see that stopping. Displays just keep getting better. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 14:17 funkstar says: Don’t TVs have to support variable refresh rate if they want to be HDMI 2.1 compliant? According to DigitalFoundry, Scorpio supports *both* Freesync AND the new HDMI VRR standard, so TV manufacturers should be covered Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 01:10 SquarePeg says: The reason for Jaguar cores in the Xbox Scorpio is backward compatibility. All Xbox and PS4 games till now are built from the ground up for the Jaguar CPU architecture. They wouldn’t run on Ryzen’s “Zen” architecture without an update for every current gen game ever made. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 01:36 Jeremy Laird says: Jaguar is x86. Ryzen is x86. They are cross compatible except where Ryzen has additional extensions. Ryzen is in effect a superset of Jaguar in terms of the instruction set. So basically, no. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 10:33 Sakkura says: There could perhaps be some very low-level optimizations, like accounting for the timing of how many cycles the architecture will spend on different instructions and structuring the code to take optimal advantage of that… but who would even give a crap about losing such optimization advantages if you were moving from Jaguar to Zen? The latter can easily overcome that deficit, and more to boot. So you’re right. It’s about cost and cooling. Zen is still new stuff, and AMD knows it’s finally got a CPU architecture people will actually pay for. So the price tag would be higher. And while Zen is surprisingly efficient, it’s still a high-power/high-performance architecture optimized for running at higher clocks. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 05:49 Don Reba says: “it’s about delivering those pixels with 4K assets, so they look great. It’s about delivering those pixels with HDR and wide colour gamut fidelity. It’s about delivering those pixels with no loss of frame-rate compared to the 1080p version of that title – that’s super-important to us.” It’s odd, how they expect to get more than 4 times more work out of less than 4 times the computational power. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 10:47 Asurmen says: Well, Scorpio does have more than four times the power? Also capability is more than just tflops. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 13:07 Don Reba says: Ah, yes, you’re right, I did the math and it is indeed a bit more than 4x rendering power. And when you increase the number of pixels by 4, you pretty much just need 4 times the rendering power. Geometry and fragment shaders don’t take up a large proportion of the computation budget. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 13:59 Sakkura says: On the other hand, the Xbox One usually doesn’t render at 1080p anyway. It’s typically 1600×900 or 1280×720 that then gets upscaled to 1080p. So if we say the Xbox One is capable of 1600×900, and Scorpio is capable of 5 times that much, that’s still a little short of 3840×2160. I suspect we’ll be seeing a lot of games rendering at 2560×1440 and upscaling to 4K. Maybe even 1080p upscaled as well. That will still look very nice on a TV, much better than 720p or 900p upscaled to 1080p. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 14:41 funkstar says: According to DF (going by MS reports) performance testing indicates that all 900p and above titles should hit 4k at the same framerates 14/04/2017 at 16:35 Kinsky says: The Xbox One is barely capable of 1080p and forces developers to employ shortcuts galore to achieve even 900p in some cases, such as using uncompressed video/audio files to reduce CPU load, lower texture resolution, lower poly models, and noisy postprocessing effects like bloom and motion blur to cover up the ugly. Scorpio is setting 4K as its target, but seems barely capable of that as well. This likely means we can continue to expect multi-platform releases and ports (i.e. Battlefield) to have ridiculously bloated installation sizes, poor texture resolution, an over-reliance on postprocessing effects, all that sort of thing. But hey, at least they can put a cool-looking bullet point on the console’s features page. 14/04/2017 at 06:32 ElementalAlchemist says: Anyone expecting Scorpio to suddenly change things for PC needs to reign in their expectations. This is not a new generation of consoles, it’s not an Xbox 4, in the same way a PS4 Pro is not a PS5. The baseline/lowest common denominator for game development (excluding the Switch) is still the original Xbone. Games are still going to be developed first and foremost to run on that and the original PS4. All Scorpio will do is (notionally) provide some higher framerates and resolutions (and the jury is out on just how well it will actually perform in practice). So nothing will change for PC going forward in the short to medium turn. We’ll still get the same poorly optimised ports that, on a design basis, are hamstrung by the hardware limitations of the Xbone. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags feature, Microsoft, Project Scorpio, Xbox, Xbox One. Search for clues News and things Mad Catz files for bankruptcy Nine lives run out eventually Nvidia’s new $700 1080 Ti in theory beats $1200 Titan X 35% faster than a 1080 ZeniMax seek injunction shutting down Oculus SDK Oh gosh! “We’re building 3 full VR games, not experiments”- Valve Believes huge tech improvements incoming And much more… The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time The Flare Path: Get Knotted Shifting frontlines and Polish branchlines Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber basilisk : “A completely useless post here: No, I haven't. Because W1 was bad, W2 was also ...” on Have You Played… The Witcher 3? bill : “This version seems too expensive and possibly a little too early, but if this kind ...” on Razer Blade Stealth + Razer Core review: the external laptop graphics card dream Unclepauly : “I would like to extend an invitation to a party.” on Have You Played… The Witcher 3? Tim Stone : “Some of the vocal cues are a bit mad/ghastly (I particularly dislike "Between war and ...” on The Flare Path: Get Knotted Unclepauly : “You would hate Planescape:Torme~ or any of those types of games then. You're missing out ...” on Have You Played… The Witcher 3? The 50 best strategy games on PC Hit Parade What Xbox 'Project Scorpio' means for PC gaming Your Nvidia Titan Xp has little to fear Searching for the truth of a fake world at EVE Fanfest Tourist in a virtual world The 50 Best Free Games On PC No free-to-play, just free. Have You Played... Battlefield 2142? The joy of Titan mode Do alien powers make Prey more than another sci-fi shooter? The Amazing Towel-Man IF Only: Text Adventures For People Who Hate Guessing The Verb Parsers Verbed Best PC gaming deals of the week Including Doom and an Xbox One pad IF Only: Games from Spring Thing 2017 Games from the Spring Thing festival Blood, Sweat & Laughter: The Beauty Of The Build Engine 2.5D remembered. Have You Played… Oddworld: Abe’s Exoddus? "All y'all!" I haven't stopped playing Pictopix for three months Pichappy XCOM 2 Guide To Strategy, Performance, Mods & More Everything you need to know. Why Counter-Strike: Global Offensive's Negev update is a whole new way to play A machinegun that's not useless Wot I Think: Blackwood Crossing Derailed Best Fallout 4 Mods For graphics, weapons, the UI and more. Have You Played... Death Road To Canada? Oregon Trail with zombies but good Steam charts: no funny business Top ten bestsellers for the past week All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 3074 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.140% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Your Nvidia Titan Xp has little to fear Home Hardware What Xbox ‘Project Scorpio’ means for PC gaming By Jeremy Laird on April 13th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Microsoft has dished the deets on its upcoming ‘Scorpio’ hardware update for the Xbox console, and in what amounts to uncharacteristic detail and candour given the ruddy thing isn’t going on sale until the end of 2017. But what are we poor PC peasants to make of the Beast of Redmond’s latest game box and its towering on-paper capabilities? In short, what influence will Project Scorpio’s trick new hardware have on future PC games? As ever with such developments, there is no single and simple answer. Scorpio’s hardware is at the very least a tale of two halves even if they are crammed into a single computer chip or SoC. I speak, of course, of the critical CPU and graphics elements. The media razzmatazz has largely centred on the graphics half of the equation and there’s no denying Scorpio packs some serious pixel-pumping power for a grotty little games console. The headline figures for the GPU rock in at 40 so-called compute units running at 1,172MHz. That compares with ye olde Xbox One’s 12 units at 853MHz and the One S with the same number again, albeit running at 914MHz. It’s AMD, of course, who supplies both the graphics and the CPU designs for the Xbox and, in the Red Team’s standard parlance, a compute unit packs 64 of those, er, shader thingies that make the pixels look so very pretty. We’re talking 768 shaders in the Xbox One and 2,560 of the bump-mapping blighters in Scorpio. If that sounds impressive, AMD’s current fastest GPU, the elderly Radeon R9 Fury X packs 4,096 shaders. And lest you forget, the Fury X is a generation behind and not nearly as fast as Nvidia’s best GPU du jour, the preposterous Titan Xp. On the CPU side of the Scorpio equation, Microsoft has stuck with eight low-power AMD Jaguar-derived cores, albeit running upclocked from 1.75GHz to 2.3Ghz and benefiting from several detail tweaks. The other major part of the package involves the memory and bandwidth combo, which in these consoles is a little more complex given the single-chip architecture means shared memory for GPU and CPU. Anyway, there’s a healthy uptick here too, from 218GB/s and 8GB to 326GB/s and 12GB. The very first observation to make is that while Scorpio moves the game on massively for consoles, it is not exactly frightening today’s high-end PC hardware, much less what will be available when Scorpio actually arrives and, in turn, the PC hardware that will appear over Scorpio’s lifetime. For some perspective, consider that main Scorpio CPU-GPU-SoC thing as a whole clocks in at seven billion transistors. That’s for everything – the CPU, the graphics, the other SoC gubbins, the lot. Nvidia’s biggest GPU, as found in the silly new Titan Xp and indeed the slightly more sensible 1080Ti, packs no fewer than 12 billion transistors. Add billions more for Intel’s finest CPU and a bleeding edge PC’s CPU and GPU alone are more than twice as complex. Even the next tier down in Nvidia’s GPU range, the GTX 1070 and the vanilla GTX 1080 are alone about on a par for complexity with the unified Scorpio chip. So while consoles tend to do more with less, there’s a limit to that philosophy. The PC’s performance and fidelity advantage isn’t being challenged. That’s especially true when it comes to the CPU side of things. Put simply, Scorpio’s CPU cores continue to suck. A fair bit of Microsoft guff has been regurgitated by the tame media regarding Scorpio’s modified cores, the reduced internal latency, 31 per cent faster core clocks, how the new SoC is more customised than before. But I’m not terribly impressed. Clearly, they’re still mostly the the same crappy low-power cores as before, not proper desktop cores. Ermegerd, is that a magnetic hard drive? Put another way, remember what a kicking AMD got for the poor performance of its outgoing FX PC processor? Well, it’s a hell of a lot better than the CPU in any Xbox, including Scorpio. Even AMD’s new Ryzen CPU has been taking a bit of a beating for supposed iffy gaming performance. It would completely obliterate the feeble cores in Scorpio. That’s the disappointing bit, then: That the initial development target for a lot of games for several years to come will still be a system with pretty pathetic CPU cores. The rub here is that while it’s relatively straightforward to add at least some graphical detail to a game when porting for the PC (just chucking in some high res textures can do a power of good for the look of a game), taking advantage of additional PC processor power tends to require a more fundamental rethink of the game engine and indeed the game itself. Which, let’s be honest, isn’t usually going to happen. The exception to all this and what might – just might – prove a saving grace, is the new so-called GPU Command Processor in Scorpio. It’s basically a section of dedicated circuitry on the main SoC design to run DirectX 12 API invocations. In English? Think of it as a DX12 hardware accelerator for some of the more CPU-intensive bits of the game engine like draw calls. It could be a game changer by freeing up even Scorpio’s weak CPU cores to do interesting and innovative things. But it’s far too early to say for sure. If that’s the bad and yet-to-be-proven news, the good is that Scorpio’s focus on pukka 4K capability means that developers will put a lot of effort into making games look great at high resolutions. To pinch a quote from Kevin Gammill, Group Program Director of the Xbox Core platform, “it’s about delivering those pixels with 4K assets, so they look great. It’s about delivering those pixels with HDR and wide colour gamut fidelity. It’s about delivering those pixels with no loss of frame-rate compared to the 1080p version of that title – that’s super-important to us.” In other words, proper high-res textures, geometry and effects that on the one hand really make the most of the detail 4K can deliver and on the other are optimised to reduce performance overheads. And, of course, Scorpio should accelerate the development of games with proper HDR support, which is just another string in developer’s bows when it comes to making games look awesome. Of course, you very likely don’t have a 4K PC screen and you almost certainly don’t have an HDR monitor. But all that should still benefit PC-relevant resolutions like 2,560 by 1,440, otherwise known as 1440p, that sit in between full 4K and 1080p. One part of the Scorpio graphical package for which the benefits to the PC remain to be seen involves tweaks to the graphics engine that go beyond simply adding more functional units. Apparently, Microsoft and presumably AMD took a good look at how developers actually make game engines and then tweaked detailed aspects of the graphics architecture to suit. That’s not going to help existing PC graphics cards. But will we see any of those same hardware tweaks in AMD’s new Vega GPUs, due later this year? My guess is that we may see some similar elements, but probably not everything. So the benefit-cost calculation for the PC in that regard remains to be seen. Overall, Scorpio looks like it’ll be a great thing for PC gaming in terms of plain old eye candy. Whether it will enable more innovation and complexity at the core of game engines is a tougher question and will likely depend on how that funky hardware DX12 setup engine in the Scorpio SoC pans out. Watch this space. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 22 Comments 13/04/2017 at 22:00 Hedgeclipper says: “how developers actually make game engines and then tweaked detailed aspects of the graphics architecture” In a world where we’ve been getting game specific driver updates for several years (which would suggest the gfx companies already have a pretty good idea of how ‘developers actually make game engines’ already) that sounds like marketing fluff. Log in to Reply 13/04/2017 at 22:13 MooseMuffin says: The RX480 was a fully enabled Polaris 10 design with 36 CUs. Scorpio has 40, with its devbox version apparently having 44. Any chance this is a hint at what the highend 5xx card will be? Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 11:34 lemonhug says: This is just a modified RX 480, not anything of the 5xx line up. The 5xx line up has already been leaked online in terms of the specs – just expect more of what the 4xx line up gave but tweaked. It’s a re-release rather than a brand new card. Vega is where the big change will be in a month or two. Log in to Reply 13/04/2017 at 22:50 Czrly says: Sigh. Eye Candy is just about the last thing I think we need more of. What we REALLY need is better AI. Opponents, NPC team members, hive-minds, wotever. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:05 Sakkura says: It’ll be useful for VR, or “mixed reality” as Microsoft is pushing. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 15:18 TormDK says: It is very important to understand, that mixed reality is *not* what you call VR, but rather augmented reality. Augmented reality has alot of useful elements that could be adopted mass scale faster by regular people once the technology matures. VR will continue to be clunky at best for a forseeable future. Log in to Reply 13/04/2017 at 23:02 awesomejt says: I’m not an AMD shill but Ryzen is actually doing fine for gaming performance. There are still better Intel chips (usually for more money) but with R5, Ryzen looks to be at LEAST comparable price/performance wise. It’s a shame that Scorpio doesn’t seem to be enjoying the Ryzen improvements. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:37 geldonyetich says: They would be wise to develop consoles that people have compelling reasons to own. When all you can do is slightly upgrade the power and add useless features like social media, you prove there is no next gen. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:38 particlese says: They’re supposedly also stuffing all the Freesync 2 stuff into the thinger, which should mean low-faff HDR/high-bpp/wide-gamut capabilities will (hopefully) catch on sooner than if it were just AMD pleading with display companies to make things lovelier for us. It’ll spread the joy of non-proprietary variable refresh rate around a bit more, too, although I haven’t myself found that to be the revelatory feature some profess it to be. On the minus side, that’ll all supposedly be implemented exclusively via HDMI, so they’re missing the opportunity to encourage display manufacturers to bung our lovely royalty-free display port into their super-sized photon launchers. Not that it makes a ton of difference in practice, but HDMI is the only display interface which has ever caused me problems, and it did so for a while in various ways, so I tend to be a jerk to it when the opportunity presents itself. So basically, I’d love to someday see a 50″+ screen with Display Port, high (120Hz+) refresh rates which aren’t just marketing “features”, and user-friendly HDR/bpp/gamutStuff; and this newfangled thinger looks to be encouraging much of that. Hooray! Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:47 The Almighty Moo says: Any thoughts on it’s out of he box support for the new FreeSync and HDMI standards Jeremy? I know you covered the standards themselves in a previous article, but I’d be interested to know your thoughts on the effects of this support on the PC / Monitor market. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 01:46 Jeremy Laird says: Good question. First part of the answer would involve the extent to which games use monitors on consoles. I don’t know the answer to that, but my hunch is the heavy majority of consoles are hooked up to TVs. That said, I happen to know from some corporate work I did recently that at least some monitor makers are very keen to sell screens to console gamers. So, I’d expect at least some to try to crack the market by offering a ‘full’ console experience. Whether TVs will fully support it all is a separate question. Do TV makers engineer for console specifically? Honestly, I don’t know. My knowledge of that aspect of the TV market is pretty thin. That said, HDR is quickly becoming the norm as is HDMI 2.0. My experience recently with an HDR TV is that everything works much more seamlessly than before. Hooking a modern PC up to a 4K TV is a non issue in terms of the res, if not perhaps HDR functionality, for now. That said, I think that most of the features of Freesync 2 if not necessarily Freesync 2 itself along with higher bandwidth interfaces are going to become pretty common. Things have been developing pretty fast in the last couple of years and I don’t see that stopping. Displays just keep getting better. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 14:17 funkstar says: Don’t TVs have to support variable refresh rate if they want to be HDMI 2.1 compliant? According to DigitalFoundry, Scorpio supports *both* Freesync AND the new HDMI VRR standard, so TV manufacturers should be covered Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 01:10 SquarePeg says: The reason for Jaguar cores in the Xbox Scorpio is backward compatibility. All Xbox and PS4 games till now are built from the ground up for the Jaguar CPU architecture. They wouldn’t run on Ryzen’s “Zen” architecture without an update for every current gen game ever made. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 01:36 Jeremy Laird says: Jaguar is x86. Ryzen is x86. They are cross compatible except where Ryzen has additional extensions. Ryzen is in effect a superset of Jaguar in terms of the instruction set. So basically, no. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 10:33 Sakkura says: There could perhaps be some very low-level optimizations, like accounting for the timing of how many cycles the architecture will spend on different instructions and structuring the code to take optimal advantage of that… but who would even give a crap about losing such optimization advantages if you were moving from Jaguar to Zen? The latter can easily overcome that deficit, and more to boot. So you’re right. It’s about cost and cooling. Zen is still new stuff, and AMD knows it’s finally got a CPU architecture people will actually pay for. So the price tag would be higher. And while Zen is surprisingly efficient, it’s still a high-power/high-performance architecture optimized for running at higher clocks. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 05:49 Don Reba says: “it’s about delivering those pixels with 4K assets, so they look great. It’s about delivering those pixels with HDR and wide colour gamut fidelity. It’s about delivering those pixels with no loss of frame-rate compared to the 1080p version of that title – that’s super-important to us.” It’s odd, how they expect to get more than 4 times more work out of less than 4 times the computational power. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 10:47 Asurmen says: Well, Scorpio does have more than four times the power? Also capability is more than just tflops. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 13:07 Don Reba says: Ah, yes, you’re right, I did the math and it is indeed a bit more than 4x rendering power. And when you increase the number of pixels by 4, you pretty much just need 4 times the rendering power. Geometry and fragment shaders don’t take up a large proportion of the computation budget. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 13:59 Sakkura says: On the other hand, the Xbox One usually doesn’t render at 1080p anyway. It’s typically 1600×900 or 1280×720 that then gets upscaled to 1080p. So if we say the Xbox One is capable of 1600×900, and Scorpio is capable of 5 times that much, that’s still a little short of 3840×2160. I suspect we’ll be seeing a lot of games rendering at 2560×1440 and upscaling to 4K. Maybe even 1080p upscaled as well. That will still look very nice on a TV, much better than 720p or 900p upscaled to 1080p. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 14:41 funkstar says: According to DF (going by MS reports) performance testing indicates that all 900p and above titles should hit 4k at the same framerates 14/04/2017 at 16:35 Kinsky says: The Xbox One is barely capable of 1080p and forces developers to employ shortcuts galore to achieve even 900p in some cases, such as using uncompressed video/audio files to reduce CPU load, lower texture resolution, lower poly models, and noisy postprocessing effects like bloom and motion blur to cover up the ugly. Scorpio is setting 4K as its target, but seems barely capable of that as well. This likely means we can continue to expect multi-platform releases and ports (i.e. Battlefield) to have ridiculously bloated installation sizes, poor texture resolution, an over-reliance on postprocessing effects, all that sort of thing. But hey, at least they can put a cool-looking bullet point on the console’s features page. 14/04/2017 at 06:32 ElementalAlchemist says: Anyone expecting Scorpio to suddenly change things for PC needs to reign in their expectations. This is not a new generation of consoles, it’s not an Xbox 4, in the same way a PS4 Pro is not a PS5. The baseline/lowest common denominator for game development (excluding the Switch) is still the original Xbone. Games are still going to be developed first and foremost to run on that and the original PS4. All Scorpio will do is (notionally) provide some higher framerates and resolutions (and the jury is out on just how well it will actually perform in practice). So nothing will change for PC going forward in the short to medium turn. We’ll still get the same poorly optimised ports that, on a design basis, are hamstrung by the hardware limitations of the Xbone. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags feature, Microsoft, Project Scorpio, Xbox, Xbox One. Search for clues News and things Mad Catz files for bankruptcy Nine lives run out eventually Nvidia’s new $700 1080 Ti in theory beats $1200 Titan X 35% faster than a 1080 ZeniMax seek injunction shutting down Oculus SDK Oh gosh! “We’re building 3 full VR games, not experiments”- Valve Believes huge tech improvements incoming And much more… The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time The Flare Path: Get Knotted Shifting frontlines and Polish branchlines Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber basilisk : “A completely useless post here: No, I haven't. Because W1 was bad, W2 was also ...” on Have You Played… The Witcher 3? bill : “This version seems too expensive and possibly a little too early, but if this kind ...” on Razer Blade Stealth + Razer Core review: the external laptop graphics card dream Unclepauly : “I would like to extend an invitation to a party.” on Have You Played… The Witcher 3? Tim Stone : “Some of the vocal cues are a bit mad/ghastly (I particularly dislike "Between war and ...” on The Flare Path: Get Knotted Unclepauly : “You would hate Planescape:Torme~ or any of those types of games then. You're missing out ...” on Have You Played… The Witcher 3? The 50 best strategy games on PC Hit Parade What Xbox 'Project Scorpio' means for PC gaming Your Nvidia Titan Xp has little to fear Searching for the truth of a fake world at EVE Fanfest Tourist in a virtual world The 50 Best Free Games On PC No free-to-play, just free. Have You Played... Battlefield 2142? The joy of Titan mode Do alien powers make Prey more than another sci-fi shooter? The Amazing Towel-Man IF Only: Text Adventures For People Who Hate Guessing The Verb Parsers Verbed Best PC gaming deals of the week Including Doom and an Xbox One pad IF Only: Games from Spring Thing 2017 Games from the Spring Thing festival Blood, Sweat & Laughter: The Beauty Of The Build Engine 2.5D remembered. Have You Played… Oddworld: Abe’s Exoddus? "All y'all!" I haven't stopped playing Pictopix for three months Pichappy XCOM 2 Guide To Strategy, Performance, Mods & More Everything you need to know. Why Counter-Strike: Global Offensive's Negev update is a whole new way to play A machinegun that's not useless Wot I Think: Blackwood Crossing Derailed Best Fallout 4 Mods For graphics, weapons, the UI and more. Have You Played... Death Road To Canada? Oregon Trail with zombies but good Steam charts: no funny business Top ten bestsellers for the past week All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 5311 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.134% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
GM doubles down on self-driving cars, hiring 1,100 - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases GM doubles down on self-driving cars, hiring 1,100 Posted: Friday, April 14, 2017 8:30 AM EDT Updated: Friday, April 14, 2017 12:00 PM EDT General Motors is significantly increasing the number of people working on its self-driving car projects. Its new research and development facility in California is hiring 1,100 people. By Chris Isidore NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- General Motors is significantly increasing the number of people working on its self-driving car projects. Its new research and development facility in California is hiring 1,100 people. The new employees will be working at the Cruise Automation unit, a tech start-up GM paid $581 million for in March 2016 . GM CEO Mary Barra disclosed in September that the self-driving car unit had already grown to 100 engineers, up from the 40 people who were there at the time of its purchase. It's not clear exactly how many people are working at the facility now, but it has more than 30 job openings already posted on its website. Self-driving cars have entered a crowded arena. All automakers as well as several major tech companies, such as Google and Intel, are working on driverless tech. Competition for top engineering talent in the sector has become fierce -- and even prompted lawsuits. That's part of the reason GM has kept Cruise Automation operating as an standalone unit rather than moving it from California to Michigan and integrating it into GM's existing R&D operations. "We have a start-up in San Francisco that is truly working as a start-up but has the resources of General Motors," Barra said at the World Mobility Leadership Forum last fall. Cruise Automation and GM engineers are currently testing more than 50 Chevrolet Bolts with self-driving technology on public roads in San Francisco; Scottsdale, Arizona; and metro Detroit. The Bolt is GM's new long-range electric vehicle. GM will spend $14 million on the new expanded R&D facility. The state of California is providing an $8 million tax credit to GM as part of the investment. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Computer Vision Global Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Global Computer Vision Market Market Analysis Research Report on “Global Computer Vision Market 2017 Industry Growth, Size, Trends, Share and Forecast to 2022” to their research database. PUNE, INDIA , April 14, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Computer Vision Market The major players in global Computer Vision market include Cognex Corporation, Basler AG, Omron Corporation, Keyence Corporation, Sony Corporation, Teledyne Technologies, Inc., Texas Instruments, Inc., Allied Vision Technologies GmbH, Intel Corporation, Baumer Optronic GmbH, JAI A/S, Mobileye, Google, Mercedes-Benz, Autoliv, Sportvision, Facebook, Leap Motion, Mirada Medical, Crossmatch. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with output/production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Computer Vision in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States EU China Japan South Korea Taiwan Other regions Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1182781-global-computer-vision-market-research-report-2017 On the basis of product, the Computer Vision market is primarily split into Computer Vision Hardware Computer Vision Software Service On the basis on the end users/applications, this report covers Automotive Machine Vision and Robotics Surveillance and Security Medical Imaging Sports and Entertainment Consumer Applications Agriculture Retail Enquiry for buying report@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1182781-global-computer-vision-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents-Key Points Covered Global Computer Vision Market Research Report 2017 1 Methodology/Research Approach 1.1 Research Programs/Design 1.2 Market Size Estimation 1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation 2 Data Source 2.1 Secondary Sources 2.2 Primary Sources 3 Disclaimer 1 Computer Vision Market Overview (Page -35) 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Computer Vision 1.2 Computer Vision Segment by Types (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Computer Vision Output (K Set) and Growth Rate (%) Comparison by Types (Product Category) (2016-2022) 1.2.2 Global Computer Vision Output Market Share (%) by Types (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Computer Vision Hardware 1.2.4 Computer Vision Software 1.2.5 Service 1.3 Global Computer Vision Segment by Applications 1.3.1 Global Computer Vision Consumption Comparison by Applications (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Automotive 1.3.3 Machine Vision and Robotics 1.3.4 Surveillance and Security 1.3.5 Medical Imaging 1.3.6 Sports and Entertainment 1.3.7 Consumer Applications 1.3.8 Agriculture 1.3.9 Retail 1.4 Global Computer Vision Market by Regions (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Computer Vision Revenue (Million USD) Comparison by Regions (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Computer Vision Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Computer Vision Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 EU Computer Vision Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Computer Vision Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 South Korea Computer Vision Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 Taiwan Computer Vision Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size of Computer Vision (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Computer Vision Revenue (Million USD) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Computer Vision Capacity, Output (K Set) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) …………. 7 Global Computer Vision Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis (Page -110) 7.1 Cognex Corporation 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Computer Vision Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Cognex Corporation Computer Vision Capacity, Output (K Set), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Set) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Basler AG 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Computer Vision Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Basler AG Computer Vision Capacity, Output (K Set), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Set) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Omron Corporation 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Computer Vision Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Omron Corporation Computer Vision Capacity, Output (K Set), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Set) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Keyence Corporation 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Computer Vision Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product A 7.4.3 Keyence Corporation Computer Vision Capacity, Output (K Set), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Set) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Sony Corporation 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Computer Vision Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Sony Corporation Computer Vision Capacity, Output (K Set), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Set) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Teledyne Technologies, Inc. 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Computer Vision Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Teledyne Technologies, Inc. Computer Vision Capacity, Output (K Set), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Set) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Texas Instruments, Inc. 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Computer Vision Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Texas Instruments, Inc. Computer Vision Capacity, Output (K Set), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Set) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Allied Vision Technologies GmbH 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Computer Vision Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Allied Vision Technologies GmbH Computer Vision Capacity, Output (K Set), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Set) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Intel Corporation 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Computer Vision Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Intel Corporation Computer Vision Capacity, Output (K Set), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Set) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Baumer Optronic GmbH 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Computer Vision Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Type A 7.10.2.2 Type B 7.10.3 Baumer Optronic GmbH Computer Vision Capacity, Output (K Set), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Set) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 JAI A/S 7.12 Mobileye 7.13 Google 7.14 Mercedes-Benz 7.15 Autoliv 7.16 Sportvision 7.17 Facebook 7.18 Leap Motion 7.19 Mirada Medical 7.20 Crossmatch Continued…… Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1182781 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FMCG (Fast Moving Consumer Goods) Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Global Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext US Consumer Payments Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Market Report 2017 – Continental Ag, Delphi Automotive PLC, Robert Bosch Gmbh, Aisin Seiki Co. Ltd. Aircraft Landing Gear Market – Industry Analysis, Trends, Growth, Share, Forecasts and Regional Outlook Hydraulic Fluid Connectors Market 2015-2022 Analysis Report 48V Electrical Architecture Market | Outlook Research Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases Influenza Diagnostics Market 2015-2022 Outlook Research Report By DecisionDatabases Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
skip - skip - Visual Revenue skip - skip - skip - logo schema for google skip - infolinks- inread skip - skip - ad skip - AddBolcker skip - pop skip - Maavaron script Stop animations Toggle contrast Report an accessibility issue  Log in Profile Logout Subscribe now Haaretz - Israel News Saturday, April 15, 2017. Nisan 19, 5777 Time in Israel: 10:02 AM Search Click to search  Share  Tweet  Email  Zen Israel News Opinion U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish World All sections Israel News Israeli Culture Sports Videos Travel in Israel Business Security & Aviation Science U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish Holidays Books Opinion Archaeology Life & Culture Food E-paper Shabbat Times Weather ESSENCE Edition française Israel Real Estate Log in Profile Scroll back Scroll forward skip - Home   >   Israel News Trump's Inauguration Rabbi Reportedly to Light Torch on Israel's Independence Day Rabbi Marvin Hier will be the first non-Israeli to take part in the ceremony, Yedioth Ahronoth reports Haaretz Apr 14, 2017 11:39 AM comments Print   Zen Subscribe now  Shareshare on facebook  Tweet send via email reddit stumbleupon Rabbi Marvin Hier prays at Donald Trump's inauguration, January 20, 2017. Screenshot Rabbi Marvin Hier explains why he decided to pray at Trump inauguration Rabbi Marvin Hier prays at Trump's inauguration: 'If I forget thee, O Jerusalem' Opinion Welcome to the Holocaust Center Rabbi Marvin Hier, who took part in U.S. President Donald Trump's inauguration, will be the first non-Israeli to light a torch during Israel's national Independence Day ceremony, the Yedioth Ahronoth daily reported Friday. According to the report, Hier is on the list of 12 torch lighters that is slated to be approved by Culture Minister Miri Regev. Amnon Shashua, the founder of driverless-technology company Mobileye, which was recently sold to Intel for a record $15.3 billion, is reportedly also on the list. The list is expected to be officially released on Tuesday.  The ceremony is to take place on May 1, Independence Day eve, on Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. skip - Rabbi Marvin Hier prays at Trump's inauguration Hier, the founder of L.A.'s Simon Wiesenthal Center, was one of six clergy participating in the inauguration of Trump as president of the United States on January 20. Hier told Haaretz at the time that he had accepted the invitation to attend the inauguration in part because refusing it would cause “ill will” toward Jews among the American public. The rabbi opened his prayer by blessing Trump, and later recited the Hebrew psalm, "If I forget thee, O Jerusalem, may my right hand forget its skill." Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email* Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close The theme for this year's Independence Day ceremony is "Jerusalem, the eternal capital of the State of Israel and the Jewish People." According to Yedioth, the theme was proposed by Minister Regev, who also heads the Ministerial Committee for Symbols and Ceremonies. Haaretz Haaretz Send me email alerts for new articles by Haaretz Send Close Email * Please enter your email Haaretz For a list of Haaretz newsletters, click here. Close  Send me email alerts for new articles by Haaretz Send me email alerts Want to enjoy 'Zen' reading - with no ads and just the article? Subscribe today Subscribe now Back to page skip - skip all comments Comments Sign in to join the conversation. Add a comment Name * Required field Subject * Required field Comment Send Cancel By adding a comment, I agree to this site’s Terms of use Thank you! Your comment was successfully submitted and will be published in accordance with site policy. If you would like to be notified when your comment is published, please fill in your email address in the form below. Email * Please enter valid email Keep me posted No thanks Please wait… An error has occurred Please try again later Close Sort comments by Newest first Oldest first Top-rated first Expand all 1 Reply Close Reply Close Load more Loading more comments skip - gone viral on facbook/haaretzcom Gone Viral Trending Now Analysis Signs Show Moscow Increasingly Fed Up With Assad Forget Iran. Is the Fertility Rate the Real Threat to Israel's Existence? Why Members of the 'Putin Aliyah' Are Abandoning Israel The Forgotten Genocidal Commandment Behind the Exodus Story Israel Independence Day Jerusalem Donald Trump Rabbis Arrested in Passover-themed Pro-immigrant Rallies in L.A. and N.Y. By Debra Nussbaum Cohen6 hours ago This is a primium article Anti-Assad? You Are Supporting the Murder of Christians By Abed L. Azab18 hours ago This is a primium article 2 comments 2 Why Do They Dress Up Like the KKK in Spain for Easter? By Elon Gilad22 hours ago 1 comments 1 WATCH Video Shows U.S. Dropping 'Mother of All Bombs' on ISIS in Afghanistan By Haaretz19 hours ago This article contains a video 2 comments 2 'Mother of All Bombs' Is The Mother of All Messages By Anshel Pfeffer1 hour ago This article contains a slideshow gallery 5 comments 5 Promoted content WATCH 'He Found the Matzo, Pay Up!' Larry David's Hilarious Passover Seder By Haaretz18 hours ago Welcome to the Holocaust Center By Iris Lealyesterday This is a primium article 1 comments 1 What Is MOAB, 'Mother of All Bombs,' and What Is It Capable Of Security & Aviation What the Escalating U.S.-Russia Tension Over Syria Means for Israel Iran's Exiled Prince Wants a Revolution - Even With the Help of Israel or Trump U.S. Drops MOAB, 'Mother of All Bombs,' in Afghanistan Why Is Russia Meddling in the Middle East Anyway? skip - Subscribe element skip - ICYMI Scroll back 'Mother of All Bombs' Is Trump's Mother of All Messages Bannon and Kushner Feud Brings anti-Semitism Out of Hiding Analysis Trump's Demolition of Putin Propaganda Trying to Cover Up Chemical Attack By Apologizing to Adelson, Spicer Added a Sin to His Hitler-Assad Crime Iran's Exiled Prince Wants a Revolution - Even With the Help of Israel or Trump WATCH Spicer on Syria Gas Attack: Hitler Didn't Sink to Using Chemical Weapons Syria Gas Attack: Israeli-Arab Journalist Asks Arab Leaders - Where Are You, Traitors? Analysis Trump's Real Target in U.S. Strike in Syria Wasn't Assad How Breitbart Is Covering Bannon's Removal From National Security Council We Tried Out the New Google Translate - and It Isn’t About to Replace Humans Silverman Slams Occupation in New Haggadah: 'Jews Know Oppression' New Pyramid Discovered in Egypt Amsterdam Residents Remove Holocaust Plaque Because It Reminds Them of Jew's Murder Israel vs. America: What Jewish Millennials Think About God and the Occupation Hints of Disaster Found Under The Dead Sea Bed Opinion Boycott Israel's Beloved Chocolate Spread Jewish Group Blacklists U.S. Professors Who Back Academic Boycott of Israel Cameras Are Changing the Fight Against the Israeli Occupation. This Is How Opinion Boycott Israel's Beloved Chocolate Spread Nikki Haley, Rock Star to the Jews and Their Knight in Shining Armor Scroll forward FAQ Contact us Newsletters Terms and conditions Privacy policy Management Editorial Accessibility Advertise on Haaretz.com RSS Contact us Download our Android app Download our iOS app gPlus Facebook Twitter Israel News Middle East Jewish World U.S./World Business Partnerships Dan Hotels in Tel Aviv Haaretz Labels Michael Laitman Life Archaeology Science Sports Culture Purim Books Travel Theater Movies and TV Food Poem of the Week Columnists Bradley Burston Chemi Shalev Allison Kaplan Sommer Anshel Pfeffer Sayed Kashua Ilene Prusher David Rosenberg Carlo Strenger Vered Guttman Opinion Daily Cartoon Letters to the Editor הארץ מתכונים לפסח חדשות גלריה ספורט ספרים סרטים מומלצים קפטן אינטרנט TheMarker Finance חדשות שוק ההון צרכנות נדל"ן Haaretz.com, the online edition of Haaretz Newspaper in Israel, and analysis from Israel and the Middle East. Haaretz.com provides extensive and in-depth coverage of Israel, the Jewish World and the Middle East, including defense, diplomacy, the Arab-Israeli conflict, the peace process, Israeli politics, Jerusalem affairs, international relations, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, the Palestinian Authority, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, the Israeli business world and Jewish life in Israel and the Diaspora. © Haaretz Daily Newspaper Ltd. All Rights Reserved skip - new Analytics skip - skip - default close skip - skip - skip - Crazy egg skip - collecting surfing data - responsive skip - skip - skip - skip - access list by IP script skip - skip - skip - skip - maavaron
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Your Nvidia Titan Xp has little to fear Home Hardware What Xbox ‘Project Scorpio’ means for PC gaming By Jeremy Laird on April 13th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Microsoft has dished the deets on its upcoming ‘Scorpio’ hardware update for the Xbox console, and in what amounts to uncharacteristic detail and candour given the ruddy thing isn’t going on sale until the end of 2017. But what are we poor PC peasants to make of the Beast of Redmond’s latest game box and its towering on-paper capabilities? In short, what influence will Project Scorpio’s trick new hardware have on future PC games? As ever with such developments, there is no single and simple answer. Scorpio’s hardware is at the very least a tale of two halves even if they are crammed into a single computer chip or SoC. I speak, of course, of the critical CPU and graphics elements. The media razzmatazz has largely centred on the graphics half of the equation and there’s no denying Scorpio packs some serious pixel-pumping power for a grotty little games console. The headline figures for the GPU rock in at 40 so-called compute units running at 1,172MHz. That compares with ye olde Xbox One’s 12 units at 853MHz and the One S with the same number again, albeit running at 914MHz. It’s AMD, of course, who supplies both the graphics and the CPU designs for the Xbox and, in the Red Team’s standard parlance, a compute unit packs 64 of those, er, shader thingies that make the pixels look so very pretty. We’re talking 768 shaders in the Xbox One and 2,560 of the bump-mapping blighters in Scorpio. If that sounds impressive, AMD’s current fastest GPU, the elderly Radeon R9 Fury X packs 4,096 shaders. And lest you forget, the Fury X is a generation behind and not nearly as fast as Nvidia’s best GPU du jour, the preposterous Titan Xp. On the CPU side of the Scorpio equation, Microsoft has stuck with eight low-power AMD Jaguar-derived cores, albeit running upclocked from 1.75GHz to 2.3Ghz and benefiting from several detail tweaks. The other major part of the package involves the memory and bandwidth combo, which in these consoles is a little more complex given the single-chip architecture means shared memory for GPU and CPU. Anyway, there’s a healthy uptick here too, from 218GB/s and 8GB to 326GB/s and 12GB. The very first observation to make is that while Scorpio moves the game on massively for consoles, it is not exactly frightening today’s high-end PC hardware, much less what will be available when Scorpio actually arrives and, in turn, the PC hardware that will appear over Scorpio’s lifetime. For some perspective, consider that main Scorpio CPU-GPU-SoC thing as a whole clocks in at seven billion transistors. That’s for everything – the CPU, the graphics, the other SoC gubbins, the lot. Nvidia’s biggest GPU, as found in the silly new Titan Xp and indeed the slightly more sensible 1080Ti, packs no fewer than 12 billion transistors. Add billions more for Intel’s finest CPU and a bleeding edge PC’s CPU and GPU alone are more than twice as complex. Even the next tier down in Nvidia’s GPU range, the GTX 1070 and the vanilla GTX 1080 are alone about on a par for complexity with the unified Scorpio chip. So while consoles tend to do more with less, there’s a limit to that philosophy. The PC’s performance and fidelity advantage isn’t being challenged. That’s especially true when it comes to the CPU side of things. Put simply, Scorpio’s CPU cores continue to suck. A fair bit of Microsoft guff has been regurgitated by the tame media regarding Scorpio’s modified cores, the reduced internal latency, 31 per cent faster core clocks, how the new SoC is more customised than before. But I’m not terribly impressed. Clearly, they’re still mostly the the same crappy low-power cores as before, not proper desktop cores. Ermegerd, is that a magnetic hard drive? Put another way, remember what a kicking AMD got for the poor performance of its outgoing FX PC processor? Well, it’s a hell of a lot better than the CPU in any Xbox, including Scorpio. Even AMD’s new Ryzen CPU has been taking a bit of a beating for supposed iffy gaming performance. It would completely obliterate the feeble cores in Scorpio. That’s the disappointing bit, then: That the initial development target for a lot of games for several years to come will still be a system with pretty pathetic CPU cores. The rub here is that while it’s relatively straightforward to add at least some graphical detail to a game when porting for the PC (just chucking in some high res textures can do a power of good for the look of a game), taking advantage of additional PC processor power tends to require a more fundamental rethink of the game engine and indeed the game itself. Which, let’s be honest, isn’t usually going to happen. The exception to all this and what might – just might – prove a saving grace, is the new so-called GPU Command Processor in Scorpio. It’s basically a section of dedicated circuitry on the main SoC design to run DirectX 12 API invocations. In English? Think of it as a DX12 hardware accelerator for some of the more CPU-intensive bits of the game engine like draw calls. It could be a game changer by freeing up even Scorpio’s weak CPU cores to do interesting and innovative things. But it’s far too early to say for sure. If that’s the bad and yet-to-be-proven news, the good is that Scorpio’s focus on pukka 4K capability means that developers will put a lot of effort into making games look great at high resolutions. To pinch a quote from Kevin Gammill, Group Program Director of the Xbox Core platform, “it’s about delivering those pixels with 4K assets, so they look great. It’s about delivering those pixels with HDR and wide colour gamut fidelity. It’s about delivering those pixels with no loss of frame-rate compared to the 1080p version of that title – that’s super-important to us.” In other words, proper high-res textures, geometry and effects that on the one hand really make the most of the detail 4K can deliver and on the other are optimised to reduce performance overheads. And, of course, Scorpio should accelerate the development of games with proper HDR support, which is just another string in developer’s bows when it comes to making games look awesome. Of course, you very likely don’t have a 4K PC screen and you almost certainly don’t have an HDR monitor. But all that should still benefit PC-relevant resolutions like 2,560 by 1,440, otherwise known as 1440p, that sit in between full 4K and 1080p. One part of the Scorpio graphical package for which the benefits to the PC remain to be seen involves tweaks to the graphics engine that go beyond simply adding more functional units. Apparently, Microsoft and presumably AMD took a good look at how developers actually make game engines and then tweaked detailed aspects of the graphics architecture to suit. That’s not going to help existing PC graphics cards. But will we see any of those same hardware tweaks in AMD’s new Vega GPUs, due later this year? My guess is that we may see some similar elements, but probably not everything. So the benefit-cost calculation for the PC in that regard remains to be seen. Overall, Scorpio looks like it’ll be a great thing for PC gaming in terms of plain old eye candy. Whether it will enable more innovation and complexity at the core of game engines is a tougher question and will likely depend on how that funky hardware DX12 setup engine in the Scorpio SoC pans out. Watch this space. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 22 Comments 13/04/2017 at 22:00 Hedgeclipper says: “how developers actually make game engines and then tweaked detailed aspects of the graphics architecture” In a world where we’ve been getting game specific driver updates for several years (which would suggest the gfx companies already have a pretty good idea of how ‘developers actually make game engines’ already) that sounds like marketing fluff. Log in to Reply 13/04/2017 at 22:13 MooseMuffin says: The RX480 was a fully enabled Polaris 10 design with 36 CUs. Scorpio has 40, with its devbox version apparently having 44. Any chance this is a hint at what the highend 5xx card will be? Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 11:34 lemonhug says: This is just a modified RX 480, not anything of the 5xx line up. The 5xx line up has already been leaked online in terms of the specs – just expect more of what the 4xx line up gave but tweaked. It’s a re-release rather than a brand new card. Vega is where the big change will be in a month or two. Log in to Reply 13/04/2017 at 22:50 Czrly says: Sigh. Eye Candy is just about the last thing I think we need more of. What we REALLY need is better AI. Opponents, NPC team members, hive-minds, wotever. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:05 Sakkura says: It’ll be useful for VR, or “mixed reality” as Microsoft is pushing. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 15:18 TormDK says: It is very important to understand, that mixed reality is *not* what you call VR, but rather augmented reality. Augmented reality has alot of useful elements that could be adopted mass scale faster by regular people once the technology matures. VR will continue to be clunky at best for a forseeable future. Log in to Reply 13/04/2017 at 23:02 awesomejt says: I’m not an AMD shill but Ryzen is actually doing fine for gaming performance. There are still better Intel chips (usually for more money) but with R5, Ryzen looks to be at LEAST comparable price/performance wise. It’s a shame that Scorpio doesn’t seem to be enjoying the Ryzen improvements. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:37 geldonyetich says: They would be wise to develop consoles that people have compelling reasons to own. When all you can do is slightly upgrade the power and add useless features like social media, you prove there is no next gen. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:38 particlese says: They’re supposedly also stuffing all the Freesync 2 stuff into the thinger, which should mean low-faff HDR/high-bpp/wide-gamut capabilities will (hopefully) catch on sooner than if it were just AMD pleading with display companies to make things lovelier for us. It’ll spread the joy of non-proprietary variable refresh rate around a bit more, too, although I haven’t myself found that to be the revelatory feature some profess it to be. On the minus side, that’ll all supposedly be implemented exclusively via HDMI, so they’re missing the opportunity to encourage display manufacturers to bung our lovely royalty-free display port into their super-sized photon launchers. Not that it makes a ton of difference in practice, but HDMI is the only display interface which has ever caused me problems, and it did so for a while in various ways, so I tend to be a jerk to it when the opportunity presents itself. So basically, I’d love to someday see a 50″+ screen with Display Port, high (120Hz+) refresh rates which aren’t just marketing “features”, and user-friendly HDR/bpp/gamutStuff; and this newfangled thinger looks to be encouraging much of that. Hooray! Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:47 The Almighty Moo says: Any thoughts on it’s out of he box support for the new FreeSync and HDMI standards Jeremy? I know you covered the standards themselves in a previous article, but I’d be interested to know your thoughts on the effects of this support on the PC / Monitor market. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 01:46 Jeremy Laird says: Good question. First part of the answer would involve the extent to which games use monitors on consoles. I don’t know the answer to that, but my hunch is the heavy majority of consoles are hooked up to TVs. That said, I happen to know from some corporate work I did recently that at least some monitor makers are very keen to sell screens to console gamers. So, I’d expect at least some to try to crack the market by offering a ‘full’ console experience. Whether TVs will fully support it all is a separate question. Do TV makers engineer for console specifically? Honestly, I don’t know. My knowledge of that aspect of the TV market is pretty thin. That said, HDR is quickly becoming the norm as is HDMI 2.0. My experience recently with an HDR TV is that everything works much more seamlessly than before. Hooking a modern PC up to a 4K TV is a non issue in terms of the res, if not perhaps HDR functionality, for now. That said, I think that most of the features of Freesync 2 if not necessarily Freesync 2 itself along with higher bandwidth interfaces are going to become pretty common. Things have been developing pretty fast in the last couple of years and I don’t see that stopping. Displays just keep getting better. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 14:17 funkstar says: Don’t TVs have to support variable refresh rate if they want to be HDMI 2.1 compliant? According to DigitalFoundry, Scorpio supports *both* Freesync AND the new HDMI VRR standard, so TV manufacturers should be covered Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 01:10 SquarePeg says: The reason for Jaguar cores in the Xbox Scorpio is backward compatibility. All Xbox and PS4 games till now are built from the ground up for the Jaguar CPU architecture. They wouldn’t run on Ryzen’s “Zen” architecture without an update for every current gen game ever made. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 01:36 Jeremy Laird says: Jaguar is x86. Ryzen is x86. They are cross compatible except where Ryzen has additional extensions. Ryzen is in effect a superset of Jaguar in terms of the instruction set. So basically, no. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 10:33 Sakkura says: There could perhaps be some very low-level optimizations, like accounting for the timing of how many cycles the architecture will spend on different instructions and structuring the code to take optimal advantage of that… but who would even give a crap about losing such optimization advantages if you were moving from Jaguar to Zen? The latter can easily overcome that deficit, and more to boot. So you’re right. It’s about cost and cooling. Zen is still new stuff, and AMD knows it’s finally got a CPU architecture people will actually pay for. So the price tag would be higher. And while Zen is surprisingly efficient, it’s still a high-power/high-performance architecture optimized for running at higher clocks. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 05:49 Don Reba says: “it’s about delivering those pixels with 4K assets, so they look great. It’s about delivering those pixels with HDR and wide colour gamut fidelity. It’s about delivering those pixels with no loss of frame-rate compared to the 1080p version of that title – that’s super-important to us.” It’s odd, how they expect to get more than 4 times more work out of less than 4 times the computational power. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 10:47 Asurmen says: Well, Scorpio does have more than four times the power? Also capability is more than just tflops. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 13:07 Don Reba says: Ah, yes, you’re right, I did the math and it is indeed a bit more than 4x rendering power. And when you increase the number of pixels by 4, you pretty much just need 4 times the rendering power. Geometry and fragment shaders don’t take up a large proportion of the computation budget. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 13:59 Sakkura says: On the other hand, the Xbox One usually doesn’t render at 1080p anyway. It’s typically 1600×900 or 1280×720 that then gets upscaled to 1080p. So if we say the Xbox One is capable of 1600×900, and Scorpio is capable of 5 times that much, that’s still a little short of 3840×2160. I suspect we’ll be seeing a lot of games rendering at 2560×1440 and upscaling to 4K. Maybe even 1080p upscaled as well. That will still look very nice on a TV, much better than 720p or 900p upscaled to 1080p. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 14:41 funkstar says: According to DF (going by MS reports) performance testing indicates that all 900p and above titles should hit 4k at the same framerates 14/04/2017 at 16:35 Kinsky says: The Xbox One is barely capable of 1080p and forces developers to employ shortcuts galore to achieve even 900p in some cases, such as using uncompressed video/audio files to reduce CPU load, lower texture resolution, lower poly models, and noisy postprocessing effects like bloom and motion blur to cover up the ugly. Scorpio is setting 4K as its target, but seems barely capable of that as well. This likely means we can continue to expect multi-platform releases and ports (i.e. Battlefield) to have ridiculously bloated installation sizes, poor texture resolution, an over-reliance on postprocessing effects, all that sort of thing. But hey, at least they can put a cool-looking bullet point on the console’s features page. 14/04/2017 at 06:32 ElementalAlchemist says: Anyone expecting Scorpio to suddenly change things for PC needs to reign in their expectations. This is not a new generation of consoles, it’s not an Xbox 4, in the same way a PS4 Pro is not a PS5. The baseline/lowest common denominator for game development (excluding the Switch) is still the original Xbone. Games are still going to be developed first and foremost to run on that and the original PS4. All Scorpio will do is (notionally) provide some higher framerates and resolutions (and the jury is out on just how well it will actually perform in practice). So nothing will change for PC going forward in the short to medium turn. We’ll still get the same poorly optimised ports that, on a design basis, are hamstrung by the hardware limitations of the Xbone. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags feature, Microsoft, Project Scorpio, Xbox, Xbox One. Search for clues News and things Mad Catz files for bankruptcy Nine lives run out eventually Nvidia’s new $700 1080 Ti in theory beats $1200 Titan X 35% faster than a 1080 ZeniMax seek injunction shutting down Oculus SDK Oh gosh! “We’re building 3 full VR games, not experiments”- Valve Believes huge tech improvements incoming And much more… The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time The Flare Path: Get Knotted Shifting frontlines and Polish branchlines Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber basilisk : “A completely useless post here: No, I haven't. Because W1 was bad, W2 was also ...” on Have You Played… The Witcher 3? bill : “This version seems too expensive and possibly a little too early, but if this kind ...” on Razer Blade Stealth + Razer Core review: the external laptop graphics card dream Unclepauly : “I would like to extend an invitation to a party.” on Have You Played… The Witcher 3? Tim Stone : “Some of the vocal cues are a bit mad/ghastly (I particularly dislike "Between war and ...” on The Flare Path: Get Knotted Unclepauly : “You would hate Planescape:Torme~ or any of those types of games then. You're missing out ...” on Have You Played… The Witcher 3? The 50 best strategy games on PC Hit Parade What Xbox 'Project Scorpio' means for PC gaming Your Nvidia Titan Xp has little to fear Searching for the truth of a fake world at EVE Fanfest Tourist in a virtual world The 50 Best Free Games On PC No free-to-play, just free. Have You Played... Battlefield 2142? The joy of Titan mode Do alien powers make Prey more than another sci-fi shooter? The Amazing Towel-Man IF Only: Text Adventures For People Who Hate Guessing The Verb Parsers Verbed Best PC gaming deals of the week Including Doom and an Xbox One pad IF Only: Games from Spring Thing 2017 Games from the Spring Thing festival Blood, Sweat & Laughter: The Beauty Of The Build Engine 2.5D remembered. Have You Played… Oddworld: Abe’s Exoddus? "All y'all!" I haven't stopped playing Pictopix for three months Pichappy XCOM 2 Guide To Strategy, Performance, Mods & More Everything you need to know. Why Counter-Strike: Global Offensive's Negev update is a whole new way to play A machinegun that's not useless Wot I Think: Blackwood Crossing Derailed Best Fallout 4 Mods For graphics, weapons, the UI and more. Have You Played... Death Road To Canada? Oregon Trail with zombies but good Steam charts: no funny business Top ten bestsellers for the past week All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 3074 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.140% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Software CPU News 17 Windows 7/8.1 updates blocked on Kaby Lake and Ryzen PCs by Mark Tyson on 14 April 2017, 10:01 Tags: Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Windows 7, Windows 8 Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadgfj Add to My Vault: Back in August last year Microsoft updated its Windows Lifecycle Policy FAQ with regard to support for the latest processors and chipsets. At that time it warned "As new silicon generations are introduced, they will require the latest Windows platform at that time for support." Microsoft said the policy shift was necessary so that it could focus on the "deep integration between Windows and the silicon". It then stated that Windows 10 would be the only supported Windows platform for Intel Kaby Lake and AMD Ryzen CPU users. Now users of Windows systems prior to Windows 10 who are still supposed to be receiving OS updates from Microsoft have started to see that available updates are being blocked. With Windows 7, whose mainstream support ended in 2015, the move might be seen to be somewhat reasonable. However, Microsoft has also stopped updates to Kaby Lake and Ryzen systems running Windows 8.1, an OS which isn't scheduled to leave mainstream support until January 2018 (extended support to January 2023). The 'Unsupported Hardware' error message that people are starting to see is shown above. As the screenshot is not from my system, it comes via TechReport, I don't know what happens when you click 'Learn More', it may well take you to the Lifecycle Policy FAQ, as linked previously. Skylake CPU home-build PC users will face a similar problem in 15 months time if they are running Windows 7 or 8.1. From 17th July 2018 Microsoft will stop providing OS updates to such PCs, likely accompanied by an error message like the one above. The most recent Steam hardware and software survey says that nearly 35 per cent of its users are still gaming on Windows 7 systems, and 8 per cent still use Windows 8.1. Related Reading 10 Windows 10 Creators Update gaming features walkthrough A new video shows off game streaming with Beam and Windows Game Mode in action. 18 AMD releases custom 'Balanced' power plan for Ryzen users Ryzen CPU optimised power plan is a great alternative to the 'High Performance' plan. 2 Nvidia Quake Champions (closed beta) game ready driver released This is the first driver to support Windows 10 Creators Update and the new Titan Xp. Latest AIDA64 boasts Radeon RX 570/580 & 16C/32T Ryzen support Microsoft to offer Xbox One and Windows digital games refunds Microsoft's Xbox: Project Scorpio dev kit revealed Wine 2.0 released with support for Office 2013, and 64-bit MacOS Microsoft says Windows 7 isn't fit for modern hardware and security HEXUS Forums :: 17 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by Sumanji - Fri 14 Apr 2017 10:07 This should be good… Posted by Corky34 - Fri 14 Apr 2017 10:51 It's one thing to say your not going to support newer hardware, it’s a whole new ball game when you publish an update that actively blocks further updating, and don't even get me started on how Microsoft botched the update and people are finding 6th gen CPUs (Carrizo) are also being blocked. Posted by Cr@ig - Fri 14 Apr 2017 11:29 So wish there was an alternative out there other than Linux. Posted by Biscuit - Fri 14 Apr 2017 12:11 Cr@ig;3797089 So wish there was an alternative out there other than Linux. There is BSD :p Posted by Fiendsin - Fri 14 Apr 2017 12:45 Cr@ig;73822 So wish there was an alternative out there other than Linux.we can go back to XP SEE NEWER » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Aorus GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Xtreme Edition 14 2 AMD Ryzen 5 1500X and Ryzen 5 1600X (14nm Zen) 34 3 AMD Ryzen 5 1600X overclocked to 5.9GHz with 6C/12T enabled 3 4 Nvidia launches the Titan Xp, available now for $1,200 33 5 MSI Trident 3 Arctic 8 1 QOTW: PC monitors - high resolution or high refresh? 48 2 AMD Ryzen 5 1500X and Ryzen 5 1600X (14nm Zen) 34 3 Nvidia launches the Titan Xp, available now for $1,200 33 4 AMD releases custom 'Balanced' power plan for Ryzen users 18 5 Windows 7/8.1 updates blocked on Kaby Lake and Ryzen PCs 16 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Eurocom offers full-service Laptop MXM 3.0b Graphics Card Upgrade Program 2 ASUS Announces EVERSPACE Game Bundles 3 CyberMedia and TAITRA thrilled to announce CyberMods 24hrs International Teams 4 Exertis Captures Photo Printing Opportunity for Retailers 5 HP Announces New Lineup of Pavilion Laptops 6 QNAP Releases the Qcontactz Mobile App for Centrally Managing Contact Information on the QNAP NAS INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 410,934 Forum posts: 2,574,498 Forum threads: 247,920 Currently active users: 393 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Quantum Computing Market to be at Forefront by 2025 Some of the key players in Quantum Computing Market are Anyon Systems Inc., Cambridge Quantum Computing Limited, D-Wave Systems Inc., QC Ware, Corp., Quantum Corporation, Eagle Power Technologies, Inc., MagiQ Technologies, Inc., Optalysys Ltd., Lockheed Martin Corporation, Qubitekk, Inc., Rigetti & Co, Inc., and Intel Corporation. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/14758 A quantum computer consists of building block known as quantum bit or qubit which is similar to the digital bits of a computer which are components of computers. The characteristics of quantum computing are best for making highly secure systems. Encryption is trending everywhere, from social media websites to banks and databases. Quantum computers can speedily sort larger databases as well as vast stores of various, unstructured data. With the help of silicon technology, quantum computers are built using current assembly processes, are the drivers of Quantum Computing market Artificial Intelligence (AI) is benefited by quantum computing as it provides massive processing power and logic for free decisions which will help AI technology to grow at an impressive rate. Quantum computing will assist scientists to compute molecular structure. Quantum photonics is an emerging trend which will have a positive impact in the coming future. Driving demand for secure communication, role of quantum mechanics in optimizing problems and sampling, use of quantum computing in photonic integrated circuits, role of Quantum computing in machine learning and Artificial Intelligence, use of Quantum cryptography for secure mobile transactions and impact of Quantum Computing on Artificial Intelligence is the driving factors for quantum market High-cost infrastructure and hardware used in quantum computing are the challenges in Quantum Computing market. Quantum teleportation will enable the development of an internet named quantum internet that permits to send the message using data encryption techniques and access to Quantum computing via cloud is the latest trend in the Quantum computing market which will contribute to the significant growth of quantum computing The Asia Pacific region is dominating the Quantum computing market followed by North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe and MEA region. Due to the rising competition, continuous innovation, an increase in applications in Quantum Computing are the factors for the significant growth in Quantum Computing market. Request to view table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/14758 The research report presents a comprehensive assessment of the market and contains thoughtful insights, facts, historical data, and statistically supported and industry-validated market data. It also includes projections using a suitable set of assumptions and methodologies. The research report provides analysis and information according to market segments such as geography, technology, and applications. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Software-Defined Storage Controller Software Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2025 Next PostNext Next Generation Memory Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2025 Search Recent Posts New Study on Global Biosimilar Pipeline and Market Prospects: Addressing Production Complexities Through Risk Management and Quality by Design Global Three-Dimensional Projector Market 2017- Sony, Optoma, Epson, NEC, Panasonic, Acer, HITACHI Global Thrust Reverser Market 2017- UTC Aerospace Systems, Woodward, SAE International, Avotek, GCI Global Steam Boiler Systems Market Analysis and Forecast Reveals Growth at a CAGR of 5.30% During 2016–2024 Global Two-Way Radio Equipments Market 2017- Motorola, KENWOOD, Icom, Tait, Cobra, Sepura, Yaesu Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Wireless Health Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Wireless Health market is expected to grow from $37.26 billion in 2015 to reach $151.74 billion by 2022 with a CAGR of 22.2%. Growing technological advancements in wireless communication, increasing usage of internet and bandwidth are some of the major factors propelling the market growth. In addition, rapid changes in health care services and mainstreaming of cloud computing are other factors driving the market growth. On the other hand, privacy issues of data, expensive wearable devices, and dearth of skilled IT professionals in healthcare are the factors hindering the market growth. Among all devices smartphone segment is experiencing highest CAGR during the forecast period. North America accounted for the largest share in global wireless health market followed by Europe. Asia Pacific is expected to witness huge growth rate during forecast period. It is attributed to growing geriatric population, growing adoption of healthcare IT solutions, and increasing medical tourism industry in emerging countries such as China, Japan and India. Some of the key players in global wireless health market include Intel Corporation, IBM Corporation, Hewlett-Packard Company, Cisco Systems, Inc., Cerner Corporation, Brocade Communications Systems, Inc., AT&T, Inc., Aruba Networks, Inc., Apple, Inc., Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc., Alcatel-Lucent Sa, Aerohive Networks, Inc., Vocera Communications, Inc., Verizon Communications, Inc., Siemens Healthcare, Samsung Group, Research In Motion (Blackberry), Qualcomm, Inc., Philips Healthcare, Motorola Solutions, Inc., and Mckesson Corporation. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/wireless-health-market Devices Covered: • Mobile Phone • Pager • PDA • Smartphone • Tablet Pc Components Covered: • Software • Services • Hardware Technologies Covered: • WLAN/Wi-Fi • WiMAX • WWAN o 3G and 4G o CDMA o GPRS o GPS • WPAN o RFID, RTLS, and IPS o Bluetooth o Ant+ o Ultra-wide Band (UWB) o ZigBee o Z-wave Applications Covered: • Patient Communication and Support • Patient-specific • Physiological Monitoring • Provider/Payer-specific End Users Covered: • Patients/Individuals • Payers • Providers Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/wireless-health-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Alopecia Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Next PostNext Drywall and Building Plaster Market to Incur Rapid Extension During 2015 – 2021 Search Recent Posts Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Market Report 2017 – Continental Ag, Delphi Automotive PLC, Robert Bosch Gmbh, Aisin Seiki Co. Ltd. Aircraft Landing Gear Market – Industry Analysis, Trends, Growth, Share, Forecasts and Regional Outlook Hydraulic Fluid Connectors Market 2015-2022 Analysis Report 48V Electrical Architecture Market | Outlook Research Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases Influenza Diagnostics Market 2015-2022 Outlook Research Report By DecisionDatabases Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Your Nvidia Titan Xp has little to fear Home Hardware What Xbox ‘Project Scorpio’ means for PC gaming By Jeremy Laird on April 13th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Microsoft has dished the deets on its upcoming ‘Scorpio’ hardware update for the Xbox console, and in what amounts to uncharacteristic detail and candour given the ruddy thing isn’t going on sale until the end of 2017. But what are we poor PC peasants to make of the Beast of Redmond’s latest game box and its towering on-paper capabilities? In short, what influence will Project Scorpio’s trick new hardware have on future PC games? As ever with such developments, there is no single and simple answer. Scorpio’s hardware is at the very least a tale of two halves even if they are crammed into a single computer chip or SoC. I speak, of course, of the critical CPU and graphics elements. The media razzmatazz has largely centred on the graphics half of the equation and there’s no denying Scorpio packs some serious pixel-pumping power for a grotty little games console. The headline figures for the GPU rock in at 40 so-called compute units running at 1,172MHz. That compares with ye olde Xbox One’s 12 units at 853MHz and the One S with the same number again, albeit running at 914MHz. It’s AMD, of course, who supplies both the graphics and the CPU designs for the Xbox and, in the Red Team’s standard parlance, a compute unit packs 64 of those, er, shader thingies that make the pixels look so very pretty. We’re talking 768 shaders in the Xbox One and 2,560 of the bump-mapping blighters in Scorpio. If that sounds impressive, AMD’s current fastest GPU, the elderly Radeon R9 Fury X packs 4,096 shaders. And lest you forget, the Fury X is a generation behind and not nearly as fast as Nvidia’s best GPU du jour, the preposterous Titan Xp. On the CPU side of the Scorpio equation, Microsoft has stuck with eight low-power AMD Jaguar-derived cores, albeit running upclocked from 1.75GHz to 2.3Ghz and benefiting from several detail tweaks. The other major part of the package involves the memory and bandwidth combo, which in these consoles is a little more complex given the single-chip architecture means shared memory for GPU and CPU. Anyway, there’s a healthy uptick here too, from 218GB/s and 8GB to 326GB/s and 12GB. The very first observation to make is that while Scorpio moves the game on massively for consoles, it is not exactly frightening today’s high-end PC hardware, much less what will be available when Scorpio actually arrives and, in turn, the PC hardware that will appear over Scorpio’s lifetime. For some perspective, consider that main Scorpio CPU-GPU-SoC thing as a whole clocks in at seven billion transistors. That’s for everything – the CPU, the graphics, the other SoC gubbins, the lot. Nvidia’s biggest GPU, as found in the silly new Titan Xp and indeed the slightly more sensible 1080Ti, packs no fewer than 12 billion transistors. Add billions more for Intel’s finest CPU and a bleeding edge PC’s CPU and GPU alone are more than twice as complex. Even the next tier down in Nvidia’s GPU range, the GTX 1070 and the vanilla GTX 1080 are alone about on a par for complexity with the unified Scorpio chip. So while consoles tend to do more with less, there’s a limit to that philosophy. The PC’s performance and fidelity advantage isn’t being challenged. That’s especially true when it comes to the CPU side of things. Put simply, Scorpio’s CPU cores continue to suck. A fair bit of Microsoft guff has been regurgitated by the tame media regarding Scorpio’s modified cores, the reduced internal latency, 31 per cent faster core clocks, how the new SoC is more customised than before. But I’m not terribly impressed. Clearly, they’re still mostly the the same crappy low-power cores as before, not proper desktop cores. Ermegerd, is that a magnetic hard drive? Put another way, remember what a kicking AMD got for the poor performance of its outgoing FX PC processor? Well, it’s a hell of a lot better than the CPU in any Xbox, including Scorpio. Even AMD’s new Ryzen CPU has been taking a bit of a beating for supposed iffy gaming performance. It would completely obliterate the feeble cores in Scorpio. That’s the disappointing bit, then: That the initial development target for a lot of games for several years to come will still be a system with pretty pathetic CPU cores. The rub here is that while it’s relatively straightforward to add at least some graphical detail to a game when porting for the PC (just chucking in some high res textures can do a power of good for the look of a game), taking advantage of additional PC processor power tends to require a more fundamental rethink of the game engine and indeed the game itself. Which, let’s be honest, isn’t usually going to happen. The exception to all this and what might – just might – prove a saving grace, is the new so-called GPU Command Processor in Scorpio. It’s basically a section of dedicated circuitry on the main SoC design to run DirectX 12 API invocations. In English? Think of it as a DX12 hardware accelerator for some of the more CPU-intensive bits of the game engine like draw calls. It could be a game changer by freeing up even Scorpio’s weak CPU cores to do interesting and innovative things. But it’s far too early to say for sure. If that’s the bad and yet-to-be-proven news, the good is that Scorpio’s focus on pukka 4K capability means that developers will put a lot of effort into making games look great at high resolutions. To pinch a quote from Kevin Gammill, Group Program Director of the Xbox Core platform, “it’s about delivering those pixels with 4K assets, so they look great. It’s about delivering those pixels with HDR and wide colour gamut fidelity. It’s about delivering those pixels with no loss of frame-rate compared to the 1080p version of that title – that’s super-important to us.” In other words, proper high-res textures, geometry and effects that on the one hand really make the most of the detail 4K can deliver and on the other are optimised to reduce performance overheads. And, of course, Scorpio should accelerate the development of games with proper HDR support, which is just another string in developer’s bows when it comes to making games look awesome. Of course, you very likely don’t have a 4K PC screen and you almost certainly don’t have an HDR monitor. But all that should still benefit PC-relevant resolutions like 2,560 by 1,440, otherwise known as 1440p, that sit in between full 4K and 1080p. One part of the Scorpio graphical package for which the benefits to the PC remain to be seen involves tweaks to the graphics engine that go beyond simply adding more functional units. Apparently, Microsoft and presumably AMD took a good look at how developers actually make game engines and then tweaked detailed aspects of the graphics architecture to suit. That’s not going to help existing PC graphics cards. But will we see any of those same hardware tweaks in AMD’s new Vega GPUs, due later this year? My guess is that we may see some similar elements, but probably not everything. So the benefit-cost calculation for the PC in that regard remains to be seen. Overall, Scorpio looks like it’ll be a great thing for PC gaming in terms of plain old eye candy. Whether it will enable more innovation and complexity at the core of game engines is a tougher question and will likely depend on how that funky hardware DX12 setup engine in the Scorpio SoC pans out. Watch this space. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 22 Comments 13/04/2017 at 22:00 Hedgeclipper says: “how developers actually make game engines and then tweaked detailed aspects of the graphics architecture” In a world where we’ve been getting game specific driver updates for several years (which would suggest the gfx companies already have a pretty good idea of how ‘developers actually make game engines’ already) that sounds like marketing fluff. Log in to Reply 13/04/2017 at 22:13 MooseMuffin says: The RX480 was a fully enabled Polaris 10 design with 36 CUs. Scorpio has 40, with its devbox version apparently having 44. Any chance this is a hint at what the highend 5xx card will be? Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 11:34 lemonhug says: This is just a modified RX 480, not anything of the 5xx line up. The 5xx line up has already been leaked online in terms of the specs – just expect more of what the 4xx line up gave but tweaked. It’s a re-release rather than a brand new card. Vega is where the big change will be in a month or two. Log in to Reply 13/04/2017 at 22:50 Czrly says: Sigh. Eye Candy is just about the last thing I think we need more of. What we REALLY need is better AI. Opponents, NPC team members, hive-minds, wotever. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:05 Sakkura says: It’ll be useful for VR, or “mixed reality” as Microsoft is pushing. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 15:18 TormDK says: It is very important to understand, that mixed reality is *not* what you call VR, but rather augmented reality. Augmented reality has alot of useful elements that could be adopted mass scale faster by regular people once the technology matures. VR will continue to be clunky at best for a forseeable future. Log in to Reply 13/04/2017 at 23:02 awesomejt says: I’m not an AMD shill but Ryzen is actually doing fine for gaming performance. There are still better Intel chips (usually for more money) but with R5, Ryzen looks to be at LEAST comparable price/performance wise. It’s a shame that Scorpio doesn’t seem to be enjoying the Ryzen improvements. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:37 geldonyetich says: They would be wise to develop consoles that people have compelling reasons to own. When all you can do is slightly upgrade the power and add useless features like social media, you prove there is no next gen. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:38 particlese says: They’re supposedly also stuffing all the Freesync 2 stuff into the thinger, which should mean low-faff HDR/high-bpp/wide-gamut capabilities will (hopefully) catch on sooner than if it were just AMD pleading with display companies to make things lovelier for us. It’ll spread the joy of non-proprietary variable refresh rate around a bit more, too, although I haven’t myself found that to be the revelatory feature some profess it to be. On the minus side, that’ll all supposedly be implemented exclusively via HDMI, so they’re missing the opportunity to encourage display manufacturers to bung our lovely royalty-free display port into their super-sized photon launchers. Not that it makes a ton of difference in practice, but HDMI is the only display interface which has ever caused me problems, and it did so for a while in various ways, so I tend to be a jerk to it when the opportunity presents itself. So basically, I’d love to someday see a 50″+ screen with Display Port, high (120Hz+) refresh rates which aren’t just marketing “features”, and user-friendly HDR/bpp/gamutStuff; and this newfangled thinger looks to be encouraging much of that. Hooray! Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 00:47 The Almighty Moo says: Any thoughts on it’s out of he box support for the new FreeSync and HDMI standards Jeremy? I know you covered the standards themselves in a previous article, but I’d be interested to know your thoughts on the effects of this support on the PC / Monitor market. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 01:46 Jeremy Laird says: Good question. First part of the answer would involve the extent to which games use monitors on consoles. I don’t know the answer to that, but my hunch is the heavy majority of consoles are hooked up to TVs. That said, I happen to know from some corporate work I did recently that at least some monitor makers are very keen to sell screens to console gamers. So, I’d expect at least some to try to crack the market by offering a ‘full’ console experience. Whether TVs will fully support it all is a separate question. Do TV makers engineer for console specifically? Honestly, I don’t know. My knowledge of that aspect of the TV market is pretty thin. That said, HDR is quickly becoming the norm as is HDMI 2.0. My experience recently with an HDR TV is that everything works much more seamlessly than before. Hooking a modern PC up to a 4K TV is a non issue in terms of the res, if not perhaps HDR functionality, for now. That said, I think that most of the features of Freesync 2 if not necessarily Freesync 2 itself along with higher bandwidth interfaces are going to become pretty common. Things have been developing pretty fast in the last couple of years and I don’t see that stopping. Displays just keep getting better. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 14:17 funkstar says: Don’t TVs have to support variable refresh rate if they want to be HDMI 2.1 compliant? According to DigitalFoundry, Scorpio supports *both* Freesync AND the new HDMI VRR standard, so TV manufacturers should be covered Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 01:10 SquarePeg says: The reason for Jaguar cores in the Xbox Scorpio is backward compatibility. All Xbox and PS4 games till now are built from the ground up for the Jaguar CPU architecture. They wouldn’t run on Ryzen’s “Zen” architecture without an update for every current gen game ever made. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 01:36 Jeremy Laird says: Jaguar is x86. Ryzen is x86. They are cross compatible except where Ryzen has additional extensions. Ryzen is in effect a superset of Jaguar in terms of the instruction set. So basically, no. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 10:33 Sakkura says: There could perhaps be some very low-level optimizations, like accounting for the timing of how many cycles the architecture will spend on different instructions and structuring the code to take optimal advantage of that… but who would even give a crap about losing such optimization advantages if you were moving from Jaguar to Zen? The latter can easily overcome that deficit, and more to boot. So you’re right. It’s about cost and cooling. Zen is still new stuff, and AMD knows it’s finally got a CPU architecture people will actually pay for. So the price tag would be higher. And while Zen is surprisingly efficient, it’s still a high-power/high-performance architecture optimized for running at higher clocks. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 05:49 Don Reba says: “it’s about delivering those pixels with 4K assets, so they look great. It’s about delivering those pixels with HDR and wide colour gamut fidelity. It’s about delivering those pixels with no loss of frame-rate compared to the 1080p version of that title – that’s super-important to us.” It’s odd, how they expect to get more than 4 times more work out of less than 4 times the computational power. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 10:47 Asurmen says: Well, Scorpio does have more than four times the power? Also capability is more than just tflops. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 13:07 Don Reba says: Ah, yes, you’re right, I did the math and it is indeed a bit more than 4x rendering power. And when you increase the number of pixels by 4, you pretty much just need 4 times the rendering power. Geometry and fragment shaders don’t take up a large proportion of the computation budget. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 13:59 Sakkura says: On the other hand, the Xbox One usually doesn’t render at 1080p anyway. It’s typically 1600×900 or 1280×720 that then gets upscaled to 1080p. So if we say the Xbox One is capable of 1600×900, and Scorpio is capable of 5 times that much, that’s still a little short of 3840×2160. I suspect we’ll be seeing a lot of games rendering at 2560×1440 and upscaling to 4K. Maybe even 1080p upscaled as well. That will still look very nice on a TV, much better than 720p or 900p upscaled to 1080p. Log in to Reply 14/04/2017 at 14:41 funkstar says: According to DF (going by MS reports) performance testing indicates that all 900p and above titles should hit 4k at the same framerates 14/04/2017 at 16:35 Kinsky says: The Xbox One is barely capable of 1080p and forces developers to employ shortcuts galore to achieve even 900p in some cases, such as using uncompressed video/audio files to reduce CPU load, lower texture resolution, lower poly models, and noisy postprocessing effects like bloom and motion blur to cover up the ugly. Scorpio is setting 4K as its target, but seems barely capable of that as well. This likely means we can continue to expect multi-platform releases and ports (i.e. Battlefield) to have ridiculously bloated installation sizes, poor texture resolution, an over-reliance on postprocessing effects, all that sort of thing. But hey, at least they can put a cool-looking bullet point on the console’s features page. 14/04/2017 at 06:32 ElementalAlchemist says: Anyone expecting Scorpio to suddenly change things for PC needs to reign in their expectations. This is not a new generation of consoles, it’s not an Xbox 4, in the same way a PS4 Pro is not a PS5. The baseline/lowest common denominator for game development (excluding the Switch) is still the original Xbone. Games are still going to be developed first and foremost to run on that and the original PS4. All Scorpio will do is (notionally) provide some higher framerates and resolutions (and the jury is out on just how well it will actually perform in practice). So nothing will change for PC going forward in the short to medium turn. We’ll still get the same poorly optimised ports that, on a design basis, are hamstrung by the hardware limitations of the Xbone. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags feature, Microsoft, Project Scorpio, Xbox, Xbox One. Search for clues News and things Mad Catz files for bankruptcy Nine lives run out eventually Nvidia’s new $700 1080 Ti in theory beats $1200 Titan X 35% faster than a 1080 ZeniMax seek injunction shutting down Oculus SDK Oh gosh! “We’re building 3 full VR games, not experiments”- Valve Believes huge tech improvements incoming And much more… The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time The Flare Path: Get Knotted Shifting frontlines and Polish branchlines Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber basilisk : “A completely useless post here: No, I haven't. Because W1 was bad, W2 was also ...” on Have You Played… The Witcher 3? bill : “This version seems too expensive and possibly a little too early, but if this kind ...” on Razer Blade Stealth + Razer Core review: the external laptop graphics card dream Unclepauly : “I would like to extend an invitation to a party.” on Have You Played… The Witcher 3? Tim Stone : “Some of the vocal cues are a bit mad/ghastly (I particularly dislike "Between war and ...” on The Flare Path: Get Knotted Unclepauly : “You would hate Planescape:Torme~ or any of those types of games then. You're missing out ...” on Have You Played… The Witcher 3? The 50 best strategy games on PC Hit Parade What Xbox 'Project Scorpio' means for PC gaming Your Nvidia Titan Xp has little to fear Searching for the truth of a fake world at EVE Fanfest Tourist in a virtual world The 50 Best Free Games On PC No free-to-play, just free. Have You Played... Battlefield 2142? The joy of Titan mode Do alien powers make Prey more than another sci-fi shooter? The Amazing Towel-Man IF Only: Text Adventures For People Who Hate Guessing The Verb Parsers Verbed Best PC gaming deals of the week Including Doom and an Xbox One pad IF Only: Games from Spring Thing 2017 Games from the Spring Thing festival Blood, Sweat & Laughter: The Beauty Of The Build Engine 2.5D remembered. Have You Played… Oddworld: Abe’s Exoddus? "All y'all!" I haven't stopped playing Pictopix for three months Pichappy XCOM 2 Guide To Strategy, Performance, Mods & More Everything you need to know. Why Counter-Strike: Global Offensive's Negev update is a whole new way to play A machinegun that's not useless Wot I Think: Blackwood Crossing Derailed Best Fallout 4 Mods For graphics, weapons, the UI and more. Have You Played... Death Road To Canada? Oregon Trail with zombies but good Steam charts: no funny business Top ten bestsellers for the past week All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 5311 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.134% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Software Defined Networking (SDN) Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Software Defined Networking (SDN) Market accounted for $10.88 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $134.51 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 43.2% from 2015 to 2022. Increasing adoption of SDN in enterprise datacenters across a wide range of industry verticals is one of the key factors favouring the market growth.  Furthermore, arrival of big data analytics, complicated network traffic patterns, growing services of cloud computing and need for competent infrastructure are the other factors driving the market growth. North America is the significant market for SDN owing to early adoption of novel technologies such as cloud computing, network virtualization and mobility services. Technological enhancements and high industrialization rate are few of the key factors responsible to the quick growth of the software-defined networking market in this region. However, Asia-Pacific is anticipated to grow at a faster pace during the forecast period. Some of the key players in the market are Extreme Networks, Inc., Hewlett-Packard, Intel Corporation, Juniper Networks, NEC Corporation, Dell Inc., Pica8, Inc., Plexxi, Inc., Big Switch Networks, Inc., Brocade Communications Systems, Inc., VMware, Inc., Huawei, AT&T, Alcatel-Lucent and Google Inc. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/software-defined-networking-sdn-market End Users Covered: • Telecommunication Service Providers • Enterprises • Cloud Service Providers Solutions Covered: • Virtualization and control software • SDN Application Platform and Controller • Security Technologies • Software-Defined Storage (SDS) Platforms • Professional services • Physical network infrastructure Services Covered: • Support and Maintenance • Network Security and Analytics • Consulting and Integration • Other Professional Services Organization Size Covered: • Small and Medium Businesses (SMB) • Large Enterprises Industries Covered: • Telecom and IT • Manufacturing • Government and Defense • Consumer Goods and Retail • BFSI • Academia and Research • Other industries Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/software-defined-networking-sdn-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Freehold Royalties Ltd. Declares Dividend for April 2017 Next PostNext Big Ben Rubbish Removal Create Scalable Pricing System With New Lower Minimum Load Search Recent Posts Global Automotive Display System Market to Grow at CAGR of 18.76% by 2017-2021: Analysis, Growth, Drivers, Challenges, Forecast Zinc Carbonate Market Growth Opportunities, Top Key Players, Industry Outlook and Forecasts by 2022 OE Mortgage Offering the Best Mortgage Rates In The City Avoid Stains and Subflooring Damage with Waterproof Floors from A to Z Flooring America of Enid, OK The Whole Home Waterproof Sale Offers Steep Savings on Waterproof Flooring in Blacksburg, VA Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Myce.com Home News Reviews Forum About Contact Home News Reviews Forum About Contact 0 8 Go Micron 5100 ECO 1920GB SATA Enterprise SSD Review Ballistix sport LT 2666MHZ DDR4 RAM review Toshiba X300 6TB High Performance HDD Review Micron 5100 MAX 960GB SATA Enterprise SSD Review Corsair Force MP500 NVMe SSD review Samsung 960 EVO 250GB M.2 NVMe SSD Review Lexar C20c 64GB flash drive review – The three in one solution Crucial MX300 2TB SSD Review ADATA Ultimate SU800 256GB SSD review HyperX Predator 480GB PCIe SSD OakGate Expandable Desktop Storage Test Platform Review and Demonstration Crucial Ballistix Sport DDR4 16GB Memory Review Home News Microsoft’s April security roll-up blocks Windows update in 7 & 8.1 for new CPUs Posted 14 April 2017 01:19 CEST by Seán Byrne Just a month after Microsoft’s website confirmed that new CPUs will not receive support, Microsoft appears to be actively blocking Windows update in its April 2017 security update (KB4015546) and April 2017 roll-up (KB4015549).  Users with newer processors such as Kaby Lake and AMD’s Ryzen are reporting that updates are being blocked following the installation of either update.  When the user tries checking for updates, the following message appears: Kaby Lake, Ryzen processors and all new processors going forward will only be supported in Windows 10.  Only some of Intel’s 6th Generation Core processors (Skylake) from 16 specific OEMs will be supported, according to Ars Technica.  Other Skylake users will need to upgrade to Windows 10 to receive upcoming updates.  The 16 OEMs that will receive on-going support have committed to additional testing, including publishing drivers and firmware for Windows 10 on Windows update. Windows 7 has ended its mainstream support such as functionality improvements since January 2015.  As a result, Microsoft will only be releasing security related updates for those with earlier processor models.  Although Windows 8.1 is still in mainstream support, Microsoft has for some reason chosen to discontinue support for new processors even though it remains in mainstream support until January 2018. Users that tried spoofing a Kaby Lake processor inside a VirtualBox running Windows 7 were able to trigger the same issue.  Once they install the April 2017 security only or roll-up update, Windows will no longer check for updates.  Each time the computer is booted, it displays the “Unsupported Hardware” after a few minutes.  It appears that manual standalone updates are also blocked, such as the following screenshot MrBrian posted on AskWoody: Based on his testing, once he uninstalled the April 2017 security update or roll-up, he was able to install other updates again, including standalone updates.  One workaround another user suggested is to install the monthly/roll-up update last.  Then when Microsoft releases the next monthly roll-up, uninstall the last roll-up update, then install the other security updates and finally install the new monthly roll-up. Related Forum: Related Tags: kaby lake windows 7 amd ryzen You've got to read this! Parents asked to destroy smart doll that can be used to eavesdrop on children Fri 17 Feb 05:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff The German regulatory office for telecommunications has asked parents to destroy the ... Micron 5100 MAX 960GB SATA Enterprise SSD Review Tue 21 Feb 02:02 by JReynolds &nbsp; &nbsp; Review: Micron 5100 MAX Reviewed ... Microsoft silently extends support of original Windows 10 with 2 months Thu 16 Feb 05:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff Microsoft has decided to extend support of the original version of Windows 10 with 2 month... Google and Bing voluntarily reduce visibility of copyright infringing websites in the United Kingdom Mon 20 Feb 06:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff Google and Microsoft's Bing will voluntarily reduce the visibility of copyright infringing... European privacy watchdogs concerned about Windows 10's data collection methods Tue 21 Feb 07:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff A group of European privacy watchdogs is going to investigate whether Windows 10 properly ... Latest Comments Quote: Originally Posted by... Now, apart from very resourceful actors in the scene of surveillance and... Quote: Originally Posted by... Your Smart Phone gives out more then Windows could ever possible do. Hope this SSD will not be too bad for a Samsung computer. I will check it... Hello, thanks for your nice SSD review and recently, I do have purchased a... Censorship and copy-wrong.... “reflect our commitment to the protection of user... Myce.com settings Several settings at Myce.com can be changed, they are stored in cookies, which means they will be reset if you clear Myce.com cookies Background Change the background to a plain color or trianglified image (similar to the default image) None / Default White Black Grey Artic Blue Indian Summer Gorgeous Green Salmon On Fire Purple Rain Grey Pink Baby No tracking features At Myce most social media feature are done server side and impose no privacy risk to the visitor when not used. Several features use Javascript with you can turn off here Remove Facebook / Google Plus tracking Remove advertisements Layout Switch to the List layout for an index with chronologycally listed news items or Grid layout for a block based layout. To see the change you need to reload the page Grid(default) List Submit Back to default × Content News Reviews Forum Hardware Forums SSD and HDD Blu-ray Burners General Hardware Blank Media Memory Cards Software Forums Video Edit Burning Software Movie Copy Windows 10 Android Legal Privacy policy Terms Cookie policy About About Brand & Award guidelines Advertising Contact Powered by Philaeum Hosted by GetFlyWheel Follow us
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 April 2017 by Military News Global Field-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) Market 2017 – Cypress Semiconductor, Intel Corporation, Lattice Pune, Mahrashtra — (SBWIRE) — 04/14/2017 — The motive of this strategic research report entitled „Global Field-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) Market 2017″ is to provide company officials, industry investors and industry members with consequential insights to enable them make reliable strategic decisions regarding the opportunities in the global Field-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) market. Key Notes On Field-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) Market: „Global Field-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) Market 2017” offers crucial insights into the global Field-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) market along with the market size and estimates for the duration 2017 to 2023. This industry report lists the dominant competitors and provides the consequential industry Analysis of the key terms influencing the market. The report includes the forecasts, Analysis and discussion of trending industry facts, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the prominent industry Players. Do Inquiry Before Purchasing Report Here: https://market.biz/report/global-field-programmable-gate-array-fpga-market-icrw/34016/#inquiry Most of the Key Players Functioning in the Field-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) Market follow the strategy of operational extension in order to boost the production capacity, market existence, client base. Dominant players in Field-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) market: 1 Achronix 2 Altera 3 Atmel 4 Cypress Semiconductor 5 Intel Corporation 6 Lattice 7 Microsemi 8 Texas Instruments 9 Xilinx Get Sample Copy Of Report From Here: https://market.biz/report/global-field-programmable-gate-array-fpga-market-icrw/34016/#requestforsample This Report scrutinize the global Field-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) market in terms of product type, application service, client and geography. The global Field-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) market covers major continents. Analysis of Field-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) Market based on Regions: 1 USA 2 Europe 3 Japan 4 China 5 India 6 South East Asia The global Field-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) market gets segmentized into two parts product and application. Analysis based on Product Segment: 1 SRAM Programmed FPGA 2 Antifuse Programmed FPGA 3 EEPROM Programmed FPGA Analysis based on Application Segment: 1 Telecom 2 Industrial 3 Automotive 4 Consumer Electronics 5 Data Center 6 Military and Aerospace In addition, this research study covers thorough analysis of multiple market segments based on applications, study across different geographies and products. The report also includes competitive profiling of the leading Field-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) vendors, their expansion plans, market status and latest trends and developments in order to help strategic decision makers. Overall the Field-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) report offers complete consequential analysis of the parent market, key tactics followed by leading industry Players, upcoming segments, former, current and forecast market analysis in terms of volume and value along with entire research conclusions. The Report serves as a valuable guide for the industry players and other individuals who are interested in studying the Field-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) market. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Increasing Demand for Sebacic Acid in Applications Such as Textiles, Cosmetics, Households Next PostNext 6 types of PR pros, based on the coffee they drink Search Recent Posts NREL’s New Perovskite Ink Opens Window for Quality Cells NREL Brings Together Clean Energy Innovators at Industry Growth Forum Lukeville Port Officers Seize $108K in Marijuana Burgum declares emergency for additional counties experiencing flooding National Archives to Present Program on French Involvement in the American Revolutionary War on April 20 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Hispanic * Technology * Business * More Tags... Industry News * Business * More Industries... News By Location * Baltimore   Maryland   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News April 2017 Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo Su 15 14 13 12 11 10 9 Hispanic Engineer Magazine Names Most Influential Hispanics in Technology HE Magazine Celebrates Excellence with Leading Hispanics in the Digital Era     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Hispanic * Technology * Business Industry: * Business Location: * Baltimore - Maryland - US Subject: * FeaturesBALTIMORE - April 14, 2017 - PRLog -- Since Hispanic Engineer was launched in 1984 the magazine has chronicled the breadth and depth of Hispanics in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) careers. From Edson Castro, the computer engineer who founded one of the first mini-computer companies in the United States, to Ellen Ocha, the first Hispanic woman to go to Space. More recently, Hispanic Engineer's list of the "Most Influential Hispanics in Technology" showcased distinguished professionals with progressive leadership responsibilities, outstanding achievements in the STEM fields, and efforts to promote diversity and inclusion. HE's 2017 list of Most Influential Hispanics in Technology represents an equally elite group to mark the magazine's third decade in highlighting workforce trends in information, Multimedia and Big Data. "As I said more than 30 years ago, Hispanic Engineer decided to showcase the role models for success so that Hispanic youth could not only see that people from their own communities were scaling the heights of achievement, but could also follow their pathways to success," said Tyrone Taborn, CEO and Chief Content Officer of Career Communications Group, Inc., publisher of Hispanic Engineer & Information Technology magazine. HE's 2017 Most Influential Hispanics in Technology list includes the chief executive officer of MicroTech, one of the largest Hispanic-owned IT Integrators in the nation, and other major corporations such as AT&T, and Sprint. There are also academic deans, corporate presidents, senior vice presidents, vice presidents, and executive directors from various digital industries. HE & IT magazine will salute these top STEM professionals in its spring edition of 2017. Agribusiness Enrique Humanes CEO, Bunge Argentina Banking, Capital Markets, Finance and Insurance Investment Services Ilieva Ageenko Managing Director, Financial Services Grant Thornton Rose Marie Glazer Vice President, Deputy General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary AIG Document management Julie Perez Manager, Portfolio Planning Xerox Higher Education Dr. Louis A. Martin-Vega Dean of Engineering North Carolina State University Information Technology Anthony "Tony" R. Jimenez Founder, President, and CEO MicroTech Christian Morales Corporate Vice President and General Manager, Europe, Middle East, Africa Intel Semiconductors Maria Marced President TSMC Europe Telecommunication Marcelo Claure Chief Executive Officer Sprint Corporation Enrique Rodriguez EVP Chief Entertainment Tech Officer AT&T Sandra Howard VP Corporate Brand Marketing AT&T Carmen Nava SVP Premium Care AT&T Thaddeus Arroyo Chief Executive Officer, Business Solutions & International AT&T Alicia Abella AVP Inventive Science AT&T Lynette Aguilar AVP Corporate Strategy AT&T Sandro Mesquita AVP - Corporate Citizenship & Sustainability AT&T Juan G. Flores SVP Technology Management & Operations AT&T Vincent Torres VP Marketing Strategy & Analytics AT&T Deborah Goldschmied AVP HR Business Partner AT&T Lisa Tenorio AVP Technology AT&T Jennifer de la Torre AVP Risk Management AT&T Luis Silvia VP HR Mexico; Expat AT&T Contact Lango Deen ***@ccgmag.com End Source : Career Communications Group Email : ***@ccgmag.com Tags : Hispanic, Technology, Business Industry : Business Location : Baltimore - Maryland - United States Subject : Features Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Career Communications Group, Inc. News Women of Color Magazine Most Admired Companies The BEYA Emerald Honors and Trailblazers Dinner Has A New Name BEYA STEM Global Competiveness Conference Corning's Aleksandra Boskovic to Receive Technologist of the Year Award 21st Annual Women of Color STEM Conference Encourages STEM is a Girl Thing Trending TalentRaters Magazine to Expand Emerging Global Talent Network to Smart Televisions Data Startup Cinchapi Wins Atlanta Startup Battle Collaborative Technologies Announce Transonic Reaction Mill Availability An African Star is born -DJ Rachael is pioneering the entertainment industry Annette Rivers and Operation Heal hosts a City-Wide Call to Prayer Daily News PRISON B.R.E.A.K.-Building Relationships Empowerment and Knowledge Is Set To Change Lives Forever - 325 views NYC ACS Lawyer Announces Not Guilty Verdict in Manhattan Family Court - 305 views TalentRaters Magazine to Expand Emerging Global Talent Network to Smart Televisions - 280 views IMPRESS!® Dietary Supplement for Men Selects World's Most Expensive Ingredient – Taking Male Enhancement Upscale - 201 views LIFT OFF:Women Adding Greater Impact in The Space Industry - 174 views Weekly News NBC's 'Superstore' Actor Dominic Pace Signs On To Civil War Era Feature Film - 2079 views Civil Air Patrol Cadet Captain Joseph Waldron Appointed To U.S. Military Academy - 1116 views OneTraction Select Finalists for Artificial Intelligence Hackathon - 912 views California Hall of Fame Football Coach Larry Reisbig Passes Away - 831 views Steve Fryer, Former Disney Guest Services Exec, Named President of CX Opportunity - 686 views Daily News PRISON B.R.E.A.K.-Building Relationships Empowerment and Knowledge Is Set To Change Lives Forever - 325 views NYC ACS Lawyer Announces Not Guilty Verdict in Manhattan Family Court - 305 views TalentRaters Magazine to Expand Emerging Global Talent Network to Smart Televisions - 280 views IMPRESS!® Dietary Supplement for Men Selects World's Most Expensive Ingredient – Taking Male Enhancement Upscale - 201 views LIFT OFF:Women Adding Greater Impact in The Space Industry - 174 views Weekly News NBC's 'Superstore' Actor Dominic Pace Signs On To Civil War Era Feature Film - 2079 views Civil Air Patrol Cadet Captain Joseph Waldron Appointed To U.S. Military Academy - 1116 views OneTraction Select Finalists for Artificial Intelligence Hackathon - 912 views California Hall of Fame Football Coach Larry Reisbig Passes Away - 831 views Steve Fryer, Former Disney Guest Services Exec, Named President of CX Opportunity - 686 views PTC News Code Green Apparel Corp. Shareholder Update - 368 views Winning! Charlie Sheen To Make Wizard World Comic Con Debuts In Minneapolis, Des Moines, Phila - 206 views Lennar Offers New Next Gen® – The Home Within A Home® at Tehaleh - 192 views Lennar Bay Area Nominated for 12 Excellence in Home Building Awards - 134 views Visit The San Francisco Shipyard for Spring Open Studios and a Model Tour - 113 views Apr 14, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Daily News HomePage for Friday, April 14 Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Food stamp kerfuffle Celebrity photos Rap concert/Warriors game conflict Late Tax Day Perfect hard-boiled eggs White House Easter fail? Community News Daily News HomePage for Friday, April 14 Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Students of Tru School, a private K-6 school in Palo Alto, perform a dance to the folk song, “Sacramento,” to depict the life of gold miners as part of a play on Friday, April 7, 2017, about Palo Alto’s history. “The Story of Palo Alto” was written by Head of School Theodore Timpson and guides viewers through the histories of Palo Alto, Stanford University, Silicon Valley and East Palo Alto. “We find that the students are absorbing the history they’re learning on a personal level because it’s relevant to the work they’re doing in school but also because it’s about the area where they live,” Timpson said. (Photo courtesy of Tru School) By Daily News Staff | April 14, 2017 at 7:23 pm COMING UP • “Designing Peninsula Communities 2.0,” a discussion of the impacts of coming growth in Palo Alto and Menlo Park and neighboring communities, will take place from 5:30 to 7 p.m. Tuesday at British Bankers Club (555 Santa Cruz Ave., Menlo Park). The event will include two recognized Bay Area architects and urban designers speaking on techniques and strategies to advance shared goals of affordability, livability, health and community benefits. The event is sponsored by ImagineMenlo and Palo Alto Forward. For more information, visit http://bit.ly/2ogtbPl. • Restaurant Week returns to downtown Redwood City from April 20 through April 26. Participating restaurants, of which 13 were confirmed as of April 14, will cook up a special multi-course, prix-fixe dinner menu just for the event, which is billed as a chance to sample new places or revisit old favorites at tempting prices. For a full and possibly evolving list of participating restaurants or to reserve a spot for establishments taking reservations, visit http://redwoodcityrestaurantweek.com/. • A forum on sensible growth will be held Sunday, April 23 at 3 p.m. at the Cupertino Community Hall (10350 Torre Ave.). Panelists will include Congressman Ro Khanna and city council members from four Santa Clara County cities, including Palo Alto’s Lydia Kou. Admission is free, but people are encouraged to register at tiny.cc/BCtownhall0423. • The Santa Clara County Vector Control District )1580 Berger Dr., San Jose) will host its third annual Open House on Wednesday from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. There will be exhibits on mosquitoes, ticks, bedbugs, commensal rodents, and marshland mosquito operations. Participants can also view interactive displays on mosquitofish eating larvae, agricultural and mosquito traps, insects that feed on mosquitoes, bees and honey production, and wildlife. In light of the upcoming mosquito season, the Santa Clara County Public Health Department will provide information on Zika and West Nile virus prevention. • San Mateo County Health System staff plans to join Peninsula response teams on Thursday in a large preparedness exercise designed to practice how each group would respond during a major emergency. The drill, from 9 a.m. till noon, is to help ensure the safety of San Mateo County residents — especially those who are vulnerable due to a medical condition — in the event of a major disaster.   • Harold Schapelhouman, fire chief for the Menlo Park Fire Protection District, will host a Belle Haven community outreach discussion beginning at 10 a.m. April 29 at fire Station 77 (1467 Chilco St.). The chief will discuss issues surrounding a planned expansion and rebuild of the fire station as well as ongoing talks with Menlo Park city officials on the addition of a fire impact fee on new commercial development that is coming to Belle Haven and the bayfront area. • Facebook has put its farmers market on hiatus but is planning five free community festivals starting May 13 in the parking lot of its Menlo Park campus at 1 Hacker Way. “Chili, Cars & Everyday Stars,” featuring a chili cook-off and car and truck show will take place May 13; “Summer Foodfest,” a culinary celebration of summer and outdoor activities on June 24; “Facebook County Fair,” with carnival rides, animals, entertainment and games on Aug. 26; “Bacon, Blues & Brews,” featuring bacon-inspired dishes, blues, jazz and craft beer on Sept. 16; and “Dia de los Muertos,” with a pumpkin patch, trick-or-treating and costume party on Oct. 28. All of the festivals are free and will run from noon to 5 p.m., except for County Fair, which will run until 7 p.m. A Facebook spokesperson said the festivals will still contain many elements of the farmers market, such as local farm vendors, live music cooking demos, arts and crafts, and a kids zone, adding that the market will return in the summer, possibly in June, “with a twist to better support Belle Haven” and East Palo Alto. Last year, Facebook said it raised more than $45,000 for local charities including Ecumenical Hunger Program at 25 markets, some of which had festival themes. YOUR VIEWS Two “Tax Day” protests are planned for Saturday in downtown Palo Alto on the subjects of President Donald Trump’s military spending and his refusal to release his tax returns. Both protests, organized by different groups, start at noon but will join up for a larger march about 1:15 p.m., according to organizers. The Peninsula Peace and Justice Center will have a “Money for human needs, not war” rally at King Plaza, which is in front of Palo Alto City Hall, 250 Hamilton Ave. Speakers will call on Congress to deny the president’s request to increase the Pentagon’s budget by $54 billion and instead invest in education, infrastructure and other basic needs. “The protest is in keeping with a decades-long Palo Alto tradition of Tax Day protests against excessive military spending,” said Paul George, the center’s director. Another rally, organized by Unseat.com, a political action group, will be a few blocks from City Hall at Lytton Plaza, 200 University Ave. Organizers are circulating petitions to Apple, Intel, Facebook, Google, and Microsoft asking company executives to #StarveTheGOP until Trump’s tax returns are public.  DID YOU KNOW? The bicycle and pedestrian crossing at Adobe Creek in Palo Alto has reopened. The city’s Public Works Department typically closes the crossing during winter months due to silt and debris build-up. “Crews this week removed a record amount of silt and debris due to all the rain we received so far this year,” said Steve Banks, manager of maintenance operations. The city plans to replace the flood-prone undercrossing starting in 2019 with a year-round crossing over Highway 101.  THUMBS UP The city of Menlo Park announced April 7 that the Belle Haven branch of the Menlo Park Library is now open six days a week. Now that Saturday has been added as a service day, the library now serves the general public from 3:15 to 7 p.m. Monday through Wednesday, from 3:15 to 6 p.m. Thursday and Friday, and noon to 5 p.m. Saturday. Also, on Tuesday and Thursday, the library is used from 7 to 8:30 p.m. as the classroom for the adult English as a second language classes that are taught by Project Read. The library operates exclusively for students of Belle Haven Elementary School until 3:15 p.m. weekdays. CHEERS / GOOD LUCK Palo Alto’s citywide yard sale will take place from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. June 3. Those who register will get a sheet of tips for a successful sale and a list of local reuse organizations to donate items that do not sell. “By coordinating residents’ yard sales we hope to encourage the Bay Area community to keep useful items out of the landfill,” Wendy Hediger, of Zero Waste Palo Alto, said in a news release Friday. “Reuse is much better than recycling.” Purchasing second-hand items has a smaller carbon footprint than buying new items, organizers say. The event is free and open to all Palo Alto residents, but anyone interested in the sale must register by May 5. Register online or call Zero Waste Palo Alto at 650-496-5910. Sellers’ addresses will be featured on the official yard sale map. WANTED • Volunteers are needed at 40 state parks for Earth Day events on April 22. Visit calparks.org/earthday or call 1-415-262-4400.   Daily News Staff Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Brandon Crawford’s emotional home run highlights Giants victory Highway 17 traffic collisions skyrocket California woman sues Albertsons after clerk wrongly assumes she’s on food stamps Suspected DUI driver arrested in crash that killed two women leaving Santa Clara church Eddie Murphy mourns brother Charlie Murphy, who died Wednesday Kawakami: Will Kevin Durant re-sign with the Warriors? Rod Carew’s new heart came from former Stanford, NFL player 88-year-old man dies after he’s hit by car in San Jose More in Community News Atherton names Washington state cop as new police chief April 14, 2017, 5:42 pm A native of Spokane, McCulley was raised in Seattle, has bachelor of arts degrees from Washington State in criminal justice and sociology, and has been a law enforcement professional for 33 years. Menlo Park: Sanctuary policy on council’s slate April 14, 2017, 3:50 pm The Menlo Park City Council on Tuesday is scheduled to consider approving a sanctuary ordinance that would attempt to protect undocumented residents from being deported by federal officers. Menlo Park is one of 34 cities and counties in the nation that have signed on as backers of a lawsuit filed Feb. 3 by Santa Clara County against President Donald Trump’s... Jerry Rice football stolen from Chinese orphans April 14, 2017, 7:29 pm Woman bidder of the signed, auctioned $3,500 ball at fund-raising event asks for its return, says no charges will be filed Drug lab scare in Oakland’s Adams Point turns out to be holistic remedy April 14, 2017, 8:39 pm Some Oakland apartment dwellers were evacuated until it could be determined there was no methamphetamine lab in a man’s unit. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 April 2017 by Military News ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ASML buys 24.9% of ZEISS subsidiary Carl Zeiss SMT for EUR 1 billion in cash Start of development of entirely new High NA optical system for the future generation of EUV ASML supports Carl Zeiss SMT`s R&D and capex for approximately EUR 760 million over the next 6 years VELDHOVEN, the Netherlands/OBERKOCHEN, Germany – 3 November 2016 – Netherlands-based ASML Holding NV, one of the world’s leading chip industry equipment providers, and Germany-based Carl Zeiss SMT, a business group of Carl Zeiss AG (ZEISS), have agreed to strengthen their long-standing and successful partnership in the semiconductor lithography business. The main objective of this agreement is to facilitate the development of the future generation of Extreme Ultraviolet (EUV) lithography systems due in the first few years of the next decade. This technology will enable the semiconductor industry to produce much higher performance microchips at lower costs. ZEISS and ASML jointly announce today, that they have agreed on a 24.9% minority stake of ASML in ZEISS’s subsidiary Carl Zeiss SMT, for which ASML will pay ZEISS EUR 1 billion in cash. The companies stated that no further exchange of shares is planned or agreed. ASML is a key supplier of semiconductor patterning products and services used by the world`s top producers of microchips. With its high-performance optics Carl Zeiss SMT supplies an essential subsystem of ASML´s semiconductor lithography scanners and is ASML`s most important strategic partner. ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT have been in close partnership for more than 30 years. Both firms have grown strongly over the last decades benefiting from each other`s strengths. A new cycle of investments required for the development of an entirely new optical system for the future generation of EUV, expected to be provided to the chip making industry in the first few years of the next decade, has triggered the partners to take a further step in the collaboration. “In 2018 the first chips made on current technology EUV scanners are expected to roll off the production lines of our customers. A lot of work is still being done to ensure the introduction of EUV in volume manufacturing, in tight conjunction with our highly successful immersion scanners which we continue to improve. Yet ASML and ZEISS are looking beyond this important milestone. We see a long and successful future for EUV lithography in advanced chip manufacturing and with this agreement we set the right conditions for development of the next generation of EUV by ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT, so that our customers can reap the rewards of their EUV investments up to the end of the next decade,” said Peter Wennink, President and Chief Executive Officer of ASML. “With this agreement we clear the road for advanced lithography to support the new concepts and designs for future generations of advanced chips. After the many years of fruitful partnership, we see this agreement as a further strong endorsement of our long term cooperation which allows us to further expand our joint leadership that we have already accomplished together”, says Michael Kaschke, President and CEO of ZEISS. The next generation of EUV optics will offer a higher numerical aperture (NA), making it possible to further reduce critical dimensions in the lithography process. The current EUV systems have an optical system with NA of 0.33 whereas the new optics will have NA larger than 0.5, enabling several generations of geometric chip scaling. In addition to the agreement of the minority interest, the two companies have also agreed that ASML will support Carl Zeiss SMT`s research and development (R&D) for approximately EUR 220 million as well as capital expenditures and other supply chain investments for approximately EUR 540 million over the next 6 years. These investments will predominantly be allocated at Carl Zeiss SMT’s main location in Oberkochen, Germany, and will primarily be used for capacity and resource expansions, with positive effects on long-term employment at this location. Carl Zeiss SMT will remain fully integrated into the structure of the ZEISS Group as one of the major and important business groups. “High-NA is the logical next step for EUV, as it circumvents complex and expensive 0.33 NA EUV multiple patterning. High-NA EUV is a robust way for chips to scale all the way down to the sub-3 nanometer logic node in a single exposure with high productivity and reduced cost per feature. That is several generations from where we are today and underlines our commitment to propel Moore’s law,” said Martin van den Brink, President and Chief Technology Officer at ASML. Carl Zeiss SMT will pay an annual dividend to its shareholders Carl Zeiss AG and ASML. ASML expects that the minority share transaction will be accretive to its earnings before adjustments related to purchase price accounting and differences in accounting standards. Furthermore, ASML`s contribution to Carl Zeiss SMT`s R&D and capital expenditures will be taken into account in the future pricing of SMT`s next generation EUV optics to ASML. The transaction has been approved by both companies’ supervisory boards. ASML will fund the transaction from available cash, potentially supplemented by new debt. The transaction is subject to regulatory clearance and is expected to be closed in the second quarter of 2017. Update ASML Share Buyback Program In light of the investments by ASML announced today, ASML will prolong the pause of its share buy back program for the time being. As a result, the 2016-2017 program may not be completed for the full amount. Otherwise, the current program will remain in place, yet it may be further suspended, modified or discontinued at any time. As part of ASML’s financial policy to return excess cash to shareholders through dividends and regularly timed share buyback programs, ASML in January 2016 announced its intention to purchase up to EUR 1.5 billion of shares to be executed within the 2016-2017 time frame. About Moore`s law The phenomenal growth of the semiconductor industry has been driven by Moore’s Law, named after Intel co-founder Gordon Moore. In 1965, Moore observed that the number of components on a chip that could be manufactured at optimum cost had doubled every year. He predicted that this trend would continue. It was an empirical observation, not a law of nature. In the five decades that followed, the “law” has been rewritten several times, but the principle continues: chip makers cram more transistors on ICs with every new generation, making computing power and storage capacity cheaper year after year. Today’s consumers carry more computing power in their pockets than a multi-million-dollar supercomputer could deliver in the 1970s. Moore’s Law has inspired generations of engineers to push technology forward. About ASML ASML is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of chip-making equipment. Our vision is to enable affordable microelectronics that improve the quality of life. To achieve this, our mission is to invent, develop, manufacture and service advanced technology for high-tech lithography, metrology and software solutions for the semiconductor industry. ASML’s guiding principle is continuing Moore’s Law towards ever smaller, cheaper, more powerful and energy-efficient semiconductors. This results in increasingly powerful and capable electronics that enable the world to progress within a multitude of fields, including healthcare, technology, communications, energy, mobility, and entertainment. We are a multinational company with over 70 locations in 16 countries, headquartered in Veldhoven, the Netherlands. We employ more than 15,500 people on payroll and flexible contracts (expressed in full time equivalents). ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. More information about ASML, our products and technology, and career opportunities is available on www.ASML.com. About ZEISS and Carl Zeiss SMT ZEISS is an internationally leading technology enterprise operating in the optics and optoelectronics industries. The ZEISS Group develops and distributes semiconductor manufacturing equipment, measuring technology, microscopes, medical technology, eyeglass lenses, camera and cine lenses, binoculars and planetarium technology. With its solutions, the company constantly advances the world of optics and helps shape technological progress. ZEISS is divided up into the four segments Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology, Research & Quality Technology, Medical Technology, and Vision Care/Consumer Optics. ZEISS is represented in over 40 countries and operates more than 30 production sites, over 50 sales and service locations and about 25 research and development facilities. In fiscal year 2015/16 the company generated revenue of over EUR 4.8 billion with around 25,000 employees. Founded in 1846 in Jena, the company is headquartered in Oberkochen, Germany. Carl Zeiss AG is the strategic management holding company that manages the ZEISS Group. The company is wholly owned by the Carl Zeiss Stiftung (Carl Zeiss Foundation). Further information at www.zeiss.com Regulated Information This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. Forward Looking Statements This document contains statements relating to certain projections and business trends that are forward-looking, including statements with respect to our outlook, including statements about the partnership between ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT, the transactions between ASML and ZEISS discussed herein, including the expected capex and R&Dother investments by ASML, and expected benefits of these transactions, statements with respect to the planned investments by ASML in Carl Zeiss SMT including allocation and use of these investments and expected benefits,, statements about EUV including expected development of EUV and the expected timing of the next generation of EUV systems, new investments required in optical systems to continue EUV development, expected timing for the first chips to be produced by ASML’s customers using EUV, and expected volume manufacturing using EUV and expected timing thereof and expected long and successful future of EUV lithography and expected future investments in EUV, , that customers can reap the rewards of these EUV investments up to the end of the next decade and that the agreement discussed in this release will clear the road for advanced lithography to support new concepts and designs for future generations of advanced ships, the expected NA and other features of next generation EUV products, statements with respect to Moore’s law and the expectation that this transaction will help fuel the development of Moore’s law, statements with respect to Carl Zeiss SMT, including expected dividends and that the transaction will be accretive to earnings, statements with respect to the relationship between ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT and expected benefits thereof , expected closing of the transaction [and expected funding of the transaction by ASML], and other non-historic statements. You can generally identify these statements by the use of words like “may”, “will”, “could”, “should”, “project”, “believe”, “anticipate”, “expect”, “plan”, “estimate”, “forecast”, “potential”, “intend”, “continue” and variations of these words or comparable words. These statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about the business and our future financial results and readers should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, economic conditions, product demand and semiconductor equipment industry capacity, worldwide demand and manufacturing capacity utilization for semiconductors (the principal product of our customer base), including the impact of general economic conditions on consumer confidence and demand for our customers’ products, competitive products and pricing, the impact of any manufacturing efficiencies and capacity constraints, performance of our systems, the continuing success of technology advances and the related pace of new product development and customer acceptance of EUV, delays in EUV systems production and development, our ability to enforce patents and protect intellectual property rights, the risk of intellectual property litigation, availability of raw materials and critical manufacturing equipment, trade environment, changes in exchange rates, the completion of the acquisition by ASML of the 24.9% stake in Carl Zeiss SMT and the performance of Carl Zeiss SMT including dividends paid in the future by Carl Zeiss SMT, the amount of investments and capex required by Carl Zeiss SMT under the arrangements described herein and the performance of the products produced by Carl Zeiss SMT and other risks indicated in the risk factors included in ASML’s Annual Report on Form 20-F and other filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this document. We do not undertake to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ASML Reports Record Full-Year 2016 Net Sales and Net Income – Orders for EUV Lithography Systems Show Strong Customer Commitment for Production Insertion Next PostNext ASML Obtains Regulatory Approvals for Acquisition of HMI Search Recent Posts BETO Launches Interactive Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) Projects Map VA Seeks Pyxis Med-station and Smart Remote Manager Storybook Experiences Does It Again! Easter Egg-Perience a Huge Hit University of Missouri-Kansas City professor receives Presidents Award for Community Engagement Attorney Gouri G. Nair of Phoenix Suspended After Compromising Client Patent Award Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Neil Gorsuch ObamaCare Just In... Megyn Kelly left Fox News in part due to O’Reilly: report News — 3h 51m ago Google searches spike for 'World War 3' amid heightened tensions abroad Blog Briefing Room — 4h 26m ago Report: GOP pressuring House rep to stay out of race against Heitkamp Senate — 5h 9m ago DHS head: North Korea more of a cyber threat Cybersecurity — 5h 58m ago Obama WH photographer mocks Trump for keeping visitor logs secret Blog Briefing Room — 6h 23m ago Trump, RNC fundraising tops $42M in 2017: report Administration — 6h 30m ago Secret Service has spent $35,000 on golf cart rentals since inauguration: report Blog Briefing Room — 6h 45m ago CENTCOM: Afghanistan bombing statements were 'inappropriate' Defense — 7h 9m ago view all   Trump to speak at NRA leadership forum By Brooke Seipel - 04/14/17 06:57 PM EDT 14   © Getty Images The National Rifle Association (NRA) announced Friday that President Trump would speak at its annual leadership forum later this month in Atlanta. Trump will join other Republican speakers including Texas Sen. Ted CruzTed CruzTrump to speak at NRA leadership forum Glenn Beck: Trump ‘another Republican who said stuff and didn't mean it’ Democrats thought they could produce a political earthquake in Kansas MORE, Florida Gov. Rick Scott and Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke. BREAKING: Pres. @realDonaldTrump is speaking at the NRA-ILA Leadership Forum on April 28! #2A #NRAAM2017 #MAGA https://t.co/3Dr2BPAqs4 pic.twitter.com/z8FMXjvnba— NRA (@NRA) April 14, 2017 ADVERTISEMENT The NRA was a major backer of Trump's 2016 presidential campaign, and he addressed the forum last year in a bid to secure support from conservative groups for his outsider White House bid. His son, Donald TrumpDonald TrumpHouse Intel Dem visits Cyprus for Russia probe Trump picks critic of Ex-Im Bank to lead it Trump to speak at NRA leadership forum MORE Jr., is also an avid hunter. During Trump's speech last year at the event, he called for "getting rid of gun-free zones" and slammed Democratic presidential nominee Hillary ClintonHillary Rodham ClintonTrump to speak at NRA leadership forum Perez touts unity tour with Sanders Battle intensifies between Trump’s CIA, WikiLeaks MORE over her position on guns. Tags NRA Hillary Clinton Donald Trump Ted Cruz   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Megyn Kelly left Fox News in part... O'Reilly publicly criticized Kelly for discussing sexual harassment claims... 184 Shares 2 Stealth caucus gains ground in... In President Trump’s White House, it’s better to not be seen or heard — at... 168 Shares 3 Surprise! Now the establishment is... President Trump is suddenly winning positive reviews from a Washington... 156 Shares 4 FLASHBACK: Trump hammered Obama... A 2012 tweet by Donald Trump accusing then-President Barack Obama of... 143 Shares 5 Clinton campaign plagued by... The following is an excerpt adapted from “Shattered: Inside Hillary... 128 Shares 6 Battle intensifies between Trump’s... The battle between the CIA and WikiLeaks is intensifying.CIA Director Mike... 112 Shares 7 Nationwide marches set to protest... Tens of thousands of people are expected to attend rallies on Saturday... 85 Shares 8 Report: Body of country's first... The body of the United States’ first ever female Muslim judge was found... 79 Shares 9 US may launch strike if North... The U.S. is reportedly ready to launch a preemptive strike against North... 70 Shares 10 ACLU: Trump's refusal to release... The American Civil Liberties Union is denouncing President Trump's... 65 Shares 11 Sanders wins big with free public... While President Trump has as many changing positions  as an Octopus has... 64 Shares 12 Trump administration won't release... The Trump administration will not voluntarily disclose logs of visitors to... 55 Shares 13 North Korean official warns of... A top North Korean official is threatening a preemptive strike against the... 53 Shares 14 Secret Service has spent $35,000... The Secret Service has spent more than $35,000 on golf cart rentals at... 50 Shares 15 Japanese PM warns of possible... Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Thursday said that North Korea could... 48 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,469 Reviews & Articles | 54,864 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News RAM G.SKILL reveals DDR4-4333MHz 16GB RAM kits G.SKILL debuts its latest 16GB DDR4-4333MHz kits, and teases new DDR4-4500MHz modules that hit 65GBps write speeds in dual-channel mode By: Derek Strickland | RAM News | Posted: 9 hours, 21 mins ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA G.SKILL today announced the latest kit in its premium enthusiast-grade Trident Z memory, and also teases some blazing-fast DDR4-4500 RAM as well.     G.SKILL beats its competitors to the market with the first 16GB DDR4-4333 memory kit. The new Trident Z kit features two 8GB DDR4 modules clocked at 4333MHz frequency, with CL-19-19-39 timings and 1.40V of charge. The screencap below shows the DDR4-4333MHz kit being stressed tested and validated on an ASUS ROG Maximus IX Apex motherboard alongside an Intel Core i5-7600K CPU.     The memory-maker also teased performance of its upcoming 16GB (8GB x 2) DDR4-4500MHz kits with CL-19-19-39 timings, benching them on Intel's Z270 platform on an ASUS ROG Maximus IX Apex motherboard alongside an Intel Core i5-7600K CPU. "The tested bandwidth resulted in 55GB/s read speed, 65GB/s write speed, and 52GB/s copy speed under dual channel mode," G.SKILL revealed in its latest press release.     No pricing or availability info was announced, but be sure to check the press release for more information. Recommended for You DDR5 is coming soon, offers twice the speed of DDR4... DDR4 RAM prices expected to rise this year Corsair demos new RGB flavored Vengeance DDR4 RAM Corsair teases RGB flavored Vengeance DDR4 RAM >> NEXT STORY: Your first look at 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' is here << PREVIOUS STORY: HTC introduces One X10 with 4,000 mAh battery Related Tags G.SKILL Trident Z DDR4 G.SKILL Trident Z RAM DDR4 RAM DDR4 RAM System Memory ASUS Intel Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Dell's 30-inch OLED is out, 60Hz not 120Hz, and $3499 Google's new Areo app orders food, home services for you NZXT's new GPU bracket lets you use your CPU AIO cooler Your first look at 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' is here G.SKILL reveals DDR4-4333MHz 16GB RAM kitsView More News Posts Forum Activity 990fx Killer heatsink material X370: Taichi vs Fatal1ity Gaming Pro? BIOSTAR X370GT7 Motherboard Review Corsair Premium Individually Sleeved PSU Cable Kit Revie Laptop - P15F-R5 - Screen Stopped WorkingView More Forum Posts Press Releases G.SKILL announces DDR4-4333MHz 16GB (8GBx2) memory kit and achieves DDR4-4500MHz speed Nintendo Switch becomes the fastest-selling video game system in Nintendo history Yakuza Kiwami arriving to the West on August 29 Silicon Power introduces the Superior Pro and Elite Series SDXC and microSDXC CS:GO duos will clash this Spring in the HTC 2v2 Invitational by PGLView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN WELCOME REGISTER LOGIN LOGOUT MY DOWNLOADS OPTIONS Notifications See All Notifications (e.g. yourname@email.com) Remember me Forgot Password? Or login with Facebook Home DVIDS Hometown News Secretary Mattis Combatant Commands Holiday Greetings Map Digital Portfolios Hometown Heroes Features Content Images Video News Audio Graphics Publications Podcasts Webcasts Units Newswire Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit REGISTER LOGIN DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN OPTIONS MY DOWNLOADS LOGOUT Home DVIDS Hometown News Secretary Mattis Combatant Commands Holiday Greetings Map Digital Portfolios Hometown Heroes Features Content Images Video News Audio Graphics Publications Podcasts Webcasts Units Newswire Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service DVIDS Hub works best with JavaScript enabled Faces of Beale: SrA Ashley Gardner BEALE AIR FORCE BASE, CA, UNITED STATES 04.13.2017 Photo by Airman 1st Class Douglas Lorance  9th Reconnaissance Wing ✔ ✗ Subscribe 4 “I’ve been in Public Affairs for about six years and I’ve been at Beale for a good six months. When I was in tech school they told me about this place and I dreaded it. I had no film processing experience whatsoever before I came to Beale, but then I ended up getting assigned here and I’ve been enjoying it. Normally in regular PA we go out, find something to photograph, and work with different squadrons, but it’s a completely different world here. The work environment is a lot more hands-on. The U-2’s go out and fly, they bring the film back here and we go in the dark and make things happen before handing it off to Intel. It’s really interesting to watch how everything unfolds and to know that we’re part of a bigger mission. I think a lot of people who come here are worried about being out of PA for a few years, but I’m excited to see how the field changes and how much more I can learn.” LEAVE A COMMENT IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 04.13.2017 Date Posted: 04.14.2017 17:51 Photo ID: 3315584 VIRIN: 170413-F-QC626-020 Resolution: 3288x2560 Size: 4.23 MB Location: BEALE AIR FORCE BASE, CA, US  Hometown: HARTSVILLE, SC, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN   This work, Faces of Beale: SrA Ashley Gardner, by A1C Douglas Lorance, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law. MORE LIKE THIS TAGS Beale Air Force Base Faces of Beale Add Tag OPTIONS   Validate Your Account to Download   Register/Login to Download   Download Photo   Download Gallery   Add to My Downloads   Create TinyURL   Connect to Placements   Add to Playlist   Add Gallery to Playlist   Distribute Photo   Distribute Gallery   Schedule Social Post   Edit Photo LEAVE A COMMENT Features Content Images Video News Audio Graphics Publications Podcasts Webcasts Units Newswire Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service 24 Hour Media Hotline 678-421-6612
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies Apple considers investment in Toshiba's chip business Business Standard GM expands self-driving car operations in Silicon Valley The new investment and hiring are intended to expand and accelerate their work Neal E Boudette | NYT  April 15, 2017 Last Updated at 01:54 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUwllW GM’s chief executive Mary T Barra ALSO READ Uber adds San Francisco to self-driving car project Uber hits back in self-driving car discord GM cautiously ramps up Bolt electric car production Apple shows ambition to get into self-driving car race Car exports gain speed, on track in FY17 In the race to develop self-driving cars, General Motors is expanding its operations near Silicon Valley. The automaker said on Thursday that it planned to hire 1,100 people and invest $14 million at a new development center in San Francisco that would spearhead the company’s work on self-driving cars. GM and Cruise Automation, an autonomous-driving software company GM acquired a year ago, have been testing more than 50 Chevrolet Bolt electric cars equipped with self-driving technology on public roads in San Francisco; Scottsdale, Ariz.; and the Detroit area. The new investment and hiring are intended to expand and accelerate their work, GM’s chief executive, Mary T Barra, said in a statement. “Running our autonomous vehicle program as a start-up is giving us the speed we need to continue to stay at the forefront of development of these technologies and the market applications,” she said. The move comes as traditional automakers are rushing to partner with and acquire technology companies amid a global race to develop cars capable of driving themselves safely with little input from passengers. In February, Ford Motor said it planned to invest $1 billion over the next five years in Argo AI, an artificial intelligence company, as part of its own push to develop self-driving cars. Ford has also vowed to begin production of a fully automated car — with no steering wheel and no pedals — by 2021. Similar efforts are underway at Audi, BMW and other car companies. The automotive giants are competing with technology companies that appear to be leading the self-driving race. Google’s automated car subsidiary, Waymo, has racked up more than 200 million miles of driving with various test vehicles, while Tesla already offers its semi-automated Autopilot system in its electric vehicles. The ride-hailing service Uber is also ramping up testing of autonomous cars, while chip maker Intel is moving into the same space after acquiring Mobileye, an Israeli maker of camera systems that allow cars to steer and brake themselves. Traditional automakers from Detroit and around the world are responding by trying to build a greater presence in the Silicon Valley region, to compete for both technology and engineering talent. GM plans to introduce a system called SuperCruise as an option in certain Cadillac models, possibly by the end of this year. SuperCruise is supposed to be capable of piloting a car on limited-access highways, although it will require drivers to keep their eyes on the road. SuperCruise is partly based on technology developed by Cruise Automation. GM acquired Cruise for a reported $1 billion. GM’s investment will upgrade an existing location in San Francisco that will more than double Cruise Automation’s research and development space. “As autonomous car technology matures, our company’s talent needs will continue to increase,” said Kyle Vogt, Cruise Automation’s chief executive. “Accessing the world-class talent pool that the San Francisco Bay Area offers is one of the many reasons we plan to grow our presence in the state.” Read More On General Motors | Self Driving Car | Silicon Valley | Work | Investment | Comapnies | Development Centre | San Franscisco | Car | International | Companies PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Enhance Your Negotiation Skills with MIT Faculty. FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Learn Negotiation Strategies and Tactics from MIT New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep GM expands self-driving car operations in Silicon Valley The new investment and hiring are intended to expand and accelerate their work The new investment and hiring are intended to expand and accelerate their work In the race to develop self-driving cars, General Motors is expanding its operations near Silicon Valley. The automaker said on Thursday that it planned to hire 1,100 people and invest $14 million at a new development center in San Francisco that would spearhead the company’s work on self-driving cars. GM and Cruise Automation, an autonomous-driving software company GM acquired a year ago, have been testing more than 50 Chevrolet Bolt electric cars equipped with self-driving technology on public roads in San Francisco; Scottsdale, Ariz.; and the Detroit area. The new investment and hiring are intended to expand and accelerate their work, GM’s chief executive, Mary T Barra, said in a statement. “Running our autonomous vehicle program as a start-up is giving us the speed we need to continue to stay at the forefront of development of these technologies and the market applications,” she said. The move comes as traditional automakers are rushing to partner with and acquire technology companies amid a global race to develop cars capable of driving themselves safely with little input from passengers. In February, Ford Motor said it planned to invest $1 billion over the next five years in Argo AI, an artificial intelligence company, as part of its own push to develop self-driving cars. Ford has also vowed to begin production of a fully automated car — with no steering wheel and no pedals — by 2021. Similar efforts are underway at Audi, BMW and other car companies. The automotive giants are competing with technology companies that appear to be leading the self-driving race. Google’s automated car subsidiary, Waymo, has racked up more than 200 million miles of driving with various test vehicles, while Tesla already offers its semi-automated Autopilot system in its electric vehicles. The ride-hailing service Uber is also ramping up testing of autonomous cars, while chip maker Intel is moving into the same space after acquiring Mobileye, an Israeli maker of camera systems that allow cars to steer and brake themselves. Traditional automakers from Detroit and around the world are responding by trying to build a greater presence in the Silicon Valley region, to compete for both technology and engineering talent. GM plans to introduce a system called SuperCruise as an option in certain Cadillac models, possibly by the end of this year. SuperCruise is supposed to be capable of piloting a car on limited-access highways, although it will require drivers to keep their eyes on the road. SuperCruise is partly based on technology developed by Cruise Automation. GM acquired Cruise for a reported $1 billion. GM’s investment will upgrade an existing location in San Francisco that will more than double Cruise Automation’s research and development space. “As autonomous car technology matures, our company’s talent needs will continue to increase,” said Kyle Vogt, Cruise Automation’s chief executive. “Accessing the world-class talent pool that the San Francisco Bay Area offers is one of the many reasons we plan to grow our presence in the state.” Neal E Boudette | NYT Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 GM expands self-driving car operations in Silicon Valley The new investment and hiring are intended to expand and accelerate their work In the race to develop self-driving cars, General Motors is expanding its operations near Silicon Valley. The automaker said on Thursday that it planned to hire 1,100 people and invest $14 million at a new development center in San Francisco that would spearhead the company’s work on self-driving cars. GM and Cruise Automation, an autonomous-driving software company GM acquired a year ago, have been testing more than 50 Chevrolet Bolt electric cars equipped with self-driving technology on public roads in San Francisco; Scottsdale, Ariz.; and the Detroit area. The new investment and hiring are intended to expand and accelerate their work, GM’s chief executive, Mary T Barra, said in a statement. “Running our autonomous vehicle program as a start-up is giving us the speed we need to continue to stay at the forefront of development of these technologies and the market applications,” she said. The move comes as traditional automakers are rushing to partner with and acquire technology companies amid a global race to develop cars capable of driving themselves safely with little input from passengers. In February, Ford Motor said it planned to invest $1 billion over the next five years in Argo AI, an artificial intelligence company, as part of its own push to develop self-driving cars. Ford has also vowed to begin production of a fully automated car — with no steering wheel and no pedals — by 2021. Similar efforts are underway at Audi, BMW and other car companies. The automotive giants are competing with technology companies that appear to be leading the self-driving race. Google’s automated car subsidiary, Waymo, has racked up more than 200 million miles of driving with various test vehicles, while Tesla already offers its semi-automated Autopilot system in its electric vehicles. The ride-hailing service Uber is also ramping up testing of autonomous cars, while chip maker Intel is moving into the same space after acquiring Mobileye, an Israeli maker of camera systems that allow cars to steer and brake themselves. Traditional automakers from Detroit and around the world are responding by trying to build a greater presence in the Silicon Valley region, to compete for both technology and engineering talent. GM plans to introduce a system called SuperCruise as an option in certain Cadillac models, possibly by the end of this year. SuperCruise is supposed to be capable of piloting a car on limited-access highways, although it will require drivers to keep their eyes on the road. SuperCruise is partly based on technology developed by Cruise Automation. GM acquired Cruise for a reported $1 billion. GM’s investment will upgrade an existing location in San Francisco that will more than double Cruise Automation’s research and development space. “As autonomous car technology matures, our company’s talent needs will continue to increase,” said Kyle Vogt, Cruise Automation’s chief executive. “Accessing the world-class talent pool that the San Francisco Bay Area offers is one of the many reasons we plan to grow our presence in the state.” Neal E Boudette | NYT Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Security Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Networking Cloud Storage DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Events Calendar Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter congatec welcomes official release of the COM Express 3.0 specification congatec Inc - Leave a Comment congatec's Type 7 Server-on-Modules are now PICMG standard The conga-B7XD Server-on-Module brings server-grade functionality and performance to COM Express based computing designs San Diego, CA, April 13, 2017 * * * congatec – a leading technology company for embedded computer modules, single board computers and embedded design and manufacturing services, and editor of various Computer-on-Module specifications – welcomes the PICMG release of the COM Express 3.0 specification. The revision 3.0 of the specification formally integrates the new Type 7 pinout type which is the basis for congatec’s Server-on-Modules. The official release fires the starting shot for the race to a new generation of server designs based on standardized Server-on-Modules. These products enable the most cost efficient server designs and performance upgrades across all existing and upcoming generations of server class processors and sockets from any vendor. Modular server designs can be started instantly as modules, carrier boards, starter kits, design guides and circuit schematics are readily available. “Server farms need constant upgrades to improve the performance and energy efficiency per rack. With the new Server-on-Modules, operators can execute these upgrades by simply exchanging standardized modules instead of complete and costly server boards or even rack systems,” explains Christian Eder, editor of the PICMG COM Express 3.0 specification and director marketing at congatec, the benefits of Server-on-Modules for cloudlets, edge and fog severs as well as any kind of data center servers tasked with delivering constantly improved rack performance at lower prices. Server-on-Modules are also an excellent fit for all the various embedded and IoT server designs in harsh industrial environments where space is restricted and dedicated high-bandwidth interfaces are essential to connect the various controls in the industry 4.0 fields. Here, Server-on-Modules can massively improve design efficiency. This is of major significance for embedded design engineers as recent studies report that they are facing the challenge to constantly manage more projects within a given or even shorter time frame, leading to massive time pressure for executing each project. Server-on-Modules can deliver the vital design efficiency improvements by providing an application ready server core instead of only a hand full of individual components. COM Express Type 7 Server-on-Modules, carrier boards and starter kits can be requested by customers for the evaluation of the new generation of modules. congatec’s recent Server-on-Module designs offer server-grade performance and functionality with their Intel® Xeon® D processors, 2x 10 GbE and 32 PCIe lanes. The latter can be used for powerful intrasystem expansions such as GPGUs and NVMe based ultra-fast storage devices as well as multi-module configurations on one single carrier board for High Performance Computing designs. More information on congatec’s new COM Express Type 7 Server-on-Modules can be found at www.congatec.com/products/com-express-type7/con[...] More information on congatec’s new carrier board for COM Express Type 7 modules can be found at www.congatec.com/products/accessories/conga-x7e[...] The whitepaper about COM Express Type 7 is hosted at www.congatec.com/en/technologies/com-express/co[...] A short video introduction about COM Express Type 7 is hosted at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gu1jycKQ0hY&lis[...] About congatec, Inc. congatec, Inc., with its headquarters in San Diego, California, is a leading supplier of industrial computer modules using the standard form factors COM Express, Qseven and SMARC as well as single board computers and EDM services. congatec’s products can be used in a variety of industries and applications, such as industrial automation, medical, entertainment, transportation, telecommunication, test & measurement and point-of-sale. Core knowledge and technical know-how includes unique extended BIOS features as well as comprehensive driver and board support packages. Following the design-in phase, customers are given support via extensive product lifecycle management. The company’s products are manufactured by specialist service providers in accordance with modern quality standards. congatec, Inc. is a subsidiary of the German based company congatec AG, which has additional entities in Taiwan, China, Japan and Australia as well as in the United Kingdom, France and the Czech Republic. More information is available on our website at www.congatec.com or via Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. * * * Intel and Intel Xeon are registered trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. Topics covered in this article industrial automation industrial computer manufacturing data center industrial modules boards picmg Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVII Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit an Article Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Fri, 14 Apr 2017 17:12:48 +0000
vator vatorX vatornews Register Log in Newsroom Innovation series Interviews Lessons learned Trends & news Startup Competition Guide Your startup competition guide - what's ending soon The deadlines for these VatorX competitions are coming soon! Innovation series by Steven Loeb April 14, 2017 | Comments Short URL: http://vator.tv/n/4961 Startup competitions are a great resource, not only for those looking for startups, but for startups themselves. Vator has been holding its own competitions, using VatorX, a repository of hundreds of startup competitions and challenges around the world to find and filter for the best startups. Our list is being updated constantly with new competitions, as deadlines pass. Here are some of the ones that are going to expire soon, so enter while you still can!   Intel Education Accelerator Deadline - April 17 Location - Redwood City Categories -  edtech, education, students "The Intel Education Accelerator Program seeks out start-up companies who share our passion for educational excellence. Each year we work with a number of eligible Edtech companies to help them grow from initial funding and working beta product to become a transformative company striving to change education for student success. The program provides selected companies with the opportunity to receive guidance and insights from technology, business and education experts; leverage Intel’s global reach and relationships across more than 100 countries; and secure investments of up to $100,000 from Intel Capital." Startupbootcamp IoT | Connected Devices Deadline - April 23 Location - London Categories - Internet of Things (IoT), connected devices, accelerator "Startupbootcamp IoT | Connected Devices is a dedicated accelerator for startups working on a smart connected device within both Consumer IoT (wearables, assisted living, connected homes) and Industrial IoT (smart environment, smart factories and smart retail). We provide funding, mentorship, office space in London and access to a global network of corporate partners, mentors, investors and VCs, for up to 10 selected Internet of Things (IoT) startups across the globe in a three month program. During these three months, and beyond, our aim is to help startups secure further funding in their business from London’s thriving investment scene." AARP Innovation Champion Awards Deadline - April 25 Location - Washington Categories - healthcare, healthtech, health tracking tools, care services, wellness Criteria - Must have universal design and appeal, differentiation, meaningful benefits, new or existing technology, a business model and safety considerations "Our future depends on innovation. Innovation propels us forward, and creates a better world for us all. It’s the foundation AARP was built upon. That’s why we are recognizing and celebrating the innovators in aging, empowering people to choose how they live as they age." Conquest 2017 Deadline - April 20  Location - India Categories - startup, ideas, students "Conquest is an international startup conclave organised by the Center for Entrepreneurial Leadership (CEL) of BITS Pilani. It is India’s largest student-run startup conclave. It provides an exemplary platform for emerging startups to step to the fore and grow. Conquest does not cater to veterans! We seek garden fresh ideas that not only change the way we live but also the way we think. To reinforce the spirit of entrepreneurship across the world, we are back with a stronger edition, to take a step forward in realising our vision of revolutionising the startup ecosystem." Detroit Demo Day Deadline - April 15, 2017 Location - Detroit Greater Detroit Area Categories - demo Startup idea Criteria -  Detroit-based or willing to relocate business to Detroit. "At Quicken Loans Detroit Demo Day, entrepreneurs from various industries will compete for funding by way of pitch or demonstration. Demo days aren’t just for tech companies anymore. Whether it's a restaurant, retail store, or online business, companies will compete for funding in tiers ranging from 50k to 200k." (Image source: philo4thought.org) AARP Innovation Champion Awards Deadline - April 25, 2017   Our future depends on innovation. Innovation propels us forward, and creates a better world for us all. It’s the foundation AARP was built upon. That’s why we are recognizing and celebrating the innovators in aging, empowering people to choose how they live as they age.   Location: Washington Permalink <span>Send</span> Related news Startup competitions that offer the largest cash prize Startup World Cup and 43North offer their winners prizes of $1 million Startup Competition Guide by Steven Loeb Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Programs InTech50 InTech is a showcase of some of the most promising software products created by Indian entrepreneurs. A panel of CXOs ... See competition » VatorNews Featured Stories Startup competitions that offer the largest cash prize by Steven Loeb Blumio gets noticed for its cuffless blood pressure monitor by Steven Loeb Freestyle Capital raises $90M, promotes Jenny Lefcourt by Steven Loeb Meet Alvaro Abella, Managing Partner at BECO Capital by Steven Loeb Crunchbase raises $18M, launches new enterprise product by Steven Loeb How content marketing is personalizing ads by John Scott Other episodes of this series Startup competitions that offer the largest... Startup Competition Guide by Steven Loeb Startup World Cup and 43North offer their winners prizes of $1 million © 2012 Vator, Inc. Events About Careers Contact Directory Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Unfiltered Opinion      Apple Vs. Qualcomm Litigation And The Nuclear Option Related Content Topic :  HTC  Handset manufacturer founded in 1997 Blog :  FCC Drops Proposal to Allow Cell Phones on Planes Article :  Review: PlayBook Tablet OS 2.0 Apple vs. Qualcomm Litigation and the Nuclear Option Rob Enderle |   Unfiltered Opinion   |   Posted 14 Apr, 2017          |         |     Share I’m fascinated by litigation, largely because much of it isn’t necessary and occurs because one side or the other is delusional. Two sides go in, both believing they can’t lose, and one side comes out the winner. Since you rarely actually go to court, the entire effort becomes an expensive form of negotiation, with negotiators (attorneys) whose financial interest is tied to prolonging an incredibly expensive process. Or, put differently, litigation like this results because one of two negotiating teams didn’t do their job and you don’t know which until a judgement or settlement. In short, at least one of the teams was unreasonable. The dispute that has caught my attention recently is between Apple and Qualcomm. The cause of this appears to be an effort by Apple to pressure Qualcomm into providing a unique discount, largely because Apple has run into an innovation wall, is under increased competition from firms like Samsung, and has moved to a massive cost reduction strategy. (I’ve never known this to end well ,as it causes suppliers to create unreliable components and outright fail.) These two companies are heavily interdependent, but Apple appears to need Qualcomm more than Qualcomm needs Apple. My read is that, while Apple is Qualcomm’s largest customer, Qualcomm also gets revenue from all of Apple’s competitors. Were Apple to stop buying, Qualcomm would initially be hurt but would survive. But Apple has become dependent on its iPhone revenue and, without Qualcomm, that product wouldn’t be competitive (I’ll explain this further later), with potentially deadly impact on Apple’s revenue. Qualcomm has diversity in licensees but Apple doesn’t have the same diversity in suppliers because Qualcomm’s IP is critical to its smartphone. I doubt Apple agrees, which is why it started this war. At the heart of this is the fact that Apple’s perception of reality is very different from what it actually is. I’ll break this down as I see it. (You can read the latest filing here.) Qualcomm’s Problem We think, and I expect so does Apple, that Qualcomm is in the parts business. That should be a surprise because the only big campaign it has done had to do with its Snapdragon processor. It’s actually far more powerful as a modem vendor, but both of those are parts and there are clearly others that can sell processors and modems. But in reality, Qualcomm isn’t in the parts business, it’s in the IP (intellectual property) business. It makes its money from licensing technology, without which your smartphone, and the iPhone, would be a brick. If Apple could pull Qualcomm’s IP out of its iPhones, there wouldn’t be a case. Apple would simply do that. But humans as a group just don’t seem to get the whole IP thing. Most companies don’t license their IP (though they will defend it), and while we license IP individually (for instance, we don’t own the music, movies or software, we “buy” when license it), we often violate those licenses (pirating media and software) because we seem to think we actually own it, thus often unintentionally committing crimes. No one outside of Qualcomm really sees the company for what it is nor understands that the smartphone wouldn’t exist without Qualcomm’s IP inside it, even if it doesn’t have Qualcomm’s processor, radio, modem, or graphics technology. Qualcomm’s other problem is that while it will protect its IP aggressively, it isn’t scary. It doesn’t even have a CMO to fight fights like this in the public domain which, against a marketing driven company like Apple, makes it look incredibly weak and vulnerable to just such an attack.  A lot of people still think of Apple the way it was under Steve Jobs and that was one scary company. Jobs made Donald Trump look like a wimp. But… Apple’s Problem Apple actually needs Qualcomm more than Qualcomm needs it. I don’t think Apple sees this at all. The biggest example of this should be when the new iPhone 8 runs against the new Samsung S8 in market. Apple has been crippling the Qualcomm-equipped phones so that those that test the phones don’t realize that iPhones, which look the same but use another vendor’s technology, are significantly inferior. It got away with this largely because the phone that most showcased this from Samsung, the Note 7, had a “burst into flames” problem that killed any comparisons but that won’t be the case (we hope for Samsung’s benefit) when the iPhone 8 launches. This practice of using inferior parts and crippled technology was part of Apple’s strategy to showcase, by creating a false argument, that it didn’t really need Qualcomm’s better technology, and it could backfire badly. In addition, according to the Qualcomm filing, Apple used a powerful argument that promised to do Qualcomm damage if Qualcomm didn’t capitulate. And then it went ahead and did most of what it had threatened to do, removing that behavior as a bargaining chip. For instance, if I tell you to do something for me or I’ll key your car, and then I key your car, I no longer have that as leverage. The two things Apple did were bad-mouth Qualcomm to regulators and attempt to get other licensees to organize against Qualcomm. Now the one threat it hasn’t executed yet is to turn its entire marketing engine into destroying Qualcomm’s brand, but given that it didn’t do that to Google, which effectively stole the entire iPhone idea (and which Jobs wanted destroyed), and it would pull from its ability to promote its own products, I think, and likely Qualcomm thinks, that is an empty threat (though, were I Qualcomm, I’d have a CMO staffed and funded to counter in case that assumption was wrong). I also think that Qualcomm knows this isn’t Jobs’ Apple and Tim Cook is nowhere near as scary, so the typical fear factor of running against the company won’t kick in. So, Apple doesn’t even have the base leverage it thinks it has. Finally, I think Apple is basing its strategy not just on a false belief as to what business the company is in but the firm’s willingness to fight. Over the last several years, there has been a huge influx of Intel employees into Qualcomm and, unlike the old Qualcomm, which was pretty passive, Intel has a reputation for being far more willing to fight to the death. Given that Apple’s chief counsel is also out of Intel, rather than backing down, Qualcomm could choose the nuclear option of denying Apple Qualcomm’s IP, which could have a massive adverse impact on Apple’s revenue long term and on its valuation short term. Wrapping Up: Fake News Winning a case like this comes down to three things: the believability of the evidence presented, how well each side presents the reality that supports them, and who is the most delusional as to what the dispute actually is. You’ll note I didn’t say who is right and who is wrong. That is a misconception of how courts actually work. Apple does have an incredibly strong legal team and I think it can argue its case compellingly, but I don’t think it has a firm grasp on the reality of its own risk or how Qualcomm is likely to respond. That suggests the foundation for taking this path is false and thus its anticipated outcome is unlikely to occur. That doesn’t mean it can’t hurt Qualcomm, only that it may find that it will be hurt far more than it now anticipates and that might not only cause this action to fail but make a pre-trial settlement impossible. One other item: While the heart of this appears to be an ill-conceived effort to force Qualcomm to give Apple a unique discount and competitive advantage, that now seems unachievable due to the public nature of this dispute. Instead, the best-case scenario would be a crippled Qualcomm and generically lower prices for all Qualcomm licensees, which would lower Qualcomm’s ability to innovate and thus remove a lot of the reason for folks to buy new smartphones semi-annually. In short, on this path, it may not only not gain a unique advantage but could significantly reduce churn, which would put pressure on prices and massively reduce annual revenues. And that is the best case. This is why I titled this the “nuclear option,” because while both sides clearly lose as a result of this going to litigation, I think this resulted because one side didn’t realistically assess the likely outcome of just pushing the litigation button. Bad assumptions, or fake news, can lead to some really bad decisions, particularly when it comes to litigation. Rob Enderle is President and Principal Analyst of the Enderle Group, a forward-looking emerging technology advisory firm.  With over 30 years’ experience in emerging technologies, he has provided regional and global companies with guidance in how to better target customer needs; create new business opportunities; anticipate technology changes; select vendors and products; and present their products in the best possible light. Rob covers the technology industry broadly. Before founding the Enderle Group, Rob was the Senior Research Fellow for Forrester Research and the Giga Information Group, and held senior positions at IBM and ROLM. Follow Rob on Twitter @enderle, on Facebook and on Google+          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Oil & Gas Cyber Security Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth 2024 Increasing dependence on technology and web-based communication has been the key cause of several cyber threats, particularly to the oil & gas industry. The year-on-year rise in cyber-attacks on this sector coupled with the limited awareness about the potential measures and precautions that could be taken by both the IT and OT infrastructures have been influential in the development of cyber-crime combating systems. Thus, cyber security is critical to the development of the oil & gas industry, which faces cyber threats not only commercial in nature, but also from activists such as environmental groups. Browse Market Research Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/oil-gas-cyber-security… Several cyber-attacks in the upstream, midstream, and downstream oil & gas business have paved the way for the development and installation of cyber security systems in the whole value chain. Leading players in the global oil & gas business are facing similar threats. In 2015, Saudi Aramco, a national oil company based in Saudi Arabia, witnessed a major cyber hack wherein in just five hours, more than 34,800 computers and the entire payment portal were compromised and multiple petroleum tanks and trucks seeking refills had to be turned away. Saudi Aramco is a key exporter of oil to several countries and exports more than 9% of the world’s oil. This attack resulted in massive losses and therefore several breakdowns and delays. Therefore, companies have started investing in cyber security systems in order to combat cyber-attacks. Reported cyber threats in the oil & gas industries include crime ware, cyber espionage, insider misuse, web application attacks, miscellaneous errors, physical threat/loss of property, denial of service, and payment skimmers. Cyber security systems installed in oil & gas operational sites provide rigorous monitoring during plant shutdown, utilities interruption, production disruption, hydrocarbon installation terrorism, facilities terrorism, and undetected spills. They offer safe operations starting from exploration & production of oil & gas to delivery of products to end-users without any mishap or breakdown. The oil & gas cyber security market can be segmented based on type into the physical security and network security categories. In terms of sector, the market can be segregated into the upstream, midstream, and downstream divisions. On the basis of application, the oil & gas cyber security market can be divided into the onshore and offshore groups. In the upstream sector, confidential information or data related to drilling operations, production sharing contracts (PSC), tenders, field production information, block diagrams, planned projects, and drilling methodologies are the various sections running severe risks of cyber-attacks. Thus, this sector is more vulnerable. Cyber threats to the midstream oil & gas sector are related to supply chain logistics, storage information, distribution networks, pipeline data, and pipeline & transportation information. Those to the downstream sector involve refinery information, end-user distribution, consumer data, retail data, and industrial plants & manufacturing data. Fill the form to gain deeper insights on this market @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Countries in North America, such as the U.S. and Canada are more inclined toward safe operations especially in the development and production of shale gas. This is expected to boost the demand for several cyber security systems in the next few years. Europe and North America play host to several established players involved in the manufacturing of cyber security components such as hardware and software for the protection of operational data in the entire oil & gas value chain. In order to increase their market share, these players are likely to enter the potential markets in Asia Pacific, especially China and India, in the next few years. Manufacturers and suppliers operating in the oil & gas cyber security market include Lockheed Martin Corporation, Siemens AG, Parsons, Microsoft Corporation, Cisco Systems, Inc., Symantec Corporation, Intel Corporation, Rapid 7, and Accenture. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR’s data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. Contact Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pacemakers Market Analysis by Current Industry Status & Growth Opportunities, Top Key Players, Target Audience and Forecast to 2022 EMEA Next PostNext Fiber Cement Market: Thriving Construction Industry Driving Demand Search Recent Posts Geneba Announces Completion of Strategic Alternatives Process Global Ceramic Ball Valve Market Share, Growth, Industry Outlook and Forecast 2022 Global Forestry and Agricultural Tractor Market 2017 : Industry Trends and Analysis Report Helmet Market Research Report – BRG Sports, Schuberth, Nolan, Rudy Project, HJC, Limar SparkFun to host ninth annual Autonomous Vehicle Competition and combat robots at Denver Maker Faire Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Yellow Pages |   News Updates |   Events Calendar |   Movie Times | Recycling Yellow Pages News Articles Events Rocklin & Roseville Today Local Events Home      Yellow Pages ▼ Automotive Business Community Education Finance Health & Fitness Home Improvement Insurance Pet Care Pest Control Pool Cleaning Real Estate Restaurants Technology All Yellow Pages News ▼ Roseville & Rocklin News Today's Gas Prices RSS News Feeds Calendar ▼ View All Events Add an Event Columns ▼   Travel & Adventure Placer County Travel Local Real Estate Natural Medicine Corky's Corner Car Reviews Disabilities New California Laws 2017 Travel ▼   Hyatt Regency Monterey Carmel Valley Carmel / Monterey Downtown Napa Coachella Valley Preserve Palm Desert Nevada City Martinez Terrapin Crossroads Vendange Carmel Holman Ranch ----- VIEW ALL Placer County ▼   Lincoln Hike Black Hole of Calcutta GoatHouse Brewing Wine Down Wednesday Avery's Pond Trail Kings Beach Miner's Ravine Trail Quarry Park Hidden Falls Boulder Ridge Park ----- VIEW ALL Concerts ▼ Thunder Valley Quarry Park Amphitheatre Folsom Lions Park Toyota Amphitheater Wine Down Wednesday ----- 50 Days of the Dead HOME Placer SPCA 2017 Hero Award Winners Earth Day Restoration and Cleanup Volunteers Sought California State Parks / Friday, April 14, 2017 SAN FRANCISCO - On Saturday, April 22, 40 state parks across California will be the focus of California State Parks Foundation's (CSPF) 19th Earth Day Restoration and Cleanup resented by Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E). In addition to being a presenting sponsor, PG&E employees, friends, and family will be on hand at 10 state parks. More than 4,000 volunteers are needed to help with environmental improvement projects statewide. California's state parks receive great benefits from the work completed by volunteers during CSPF's annual Earth Day Restoration and Cleanup. This year, food storage lockers at campgrounds will be installed prior to the busy summer season, fencing and gates will be repaired, native and drought tolerant vegetation will be planted, rain barrels will be installed and trash will be removed to create a more welcoming and sustainable environment for visitors. Businesses and individuals are needed to actively participate with their communities to help steward and care for California's 280 treasured state parks. "Earth Day is definitely one of my favorite days of the year. I am deeply moved to see people from across California working together to restore our treasured parks that are near and dear to us all," said Susan Smartt, interim executive director of CSPF. "The out-pouring of support during this annual celebration makes a difference everyone can feel great about when they visit their favorite state park," said Smartt. PG&E is providing a $200,000 grant to CSPF for the supplies and materials needed to complete 10 Earth Day projects in Northern and Central California. Other sponsors include Target, Oracle, Edison International, Union Bank, Intel, The Nature Conservancy, and Microsoft. "Over the many years that I have been involved with this event, I have been especially impressed with the dedication of my PG&E colleagues and how they involve their children and neighbors.  It teaches all of us respect for the parks and outdoors and instills a sense of good stewardship which is critical for the future of these resources," said Tom Esser, a PG&E employee and volunteer who has participated for 15 years. Ten of the 40 CSPF Earth Day project sites are sponsored by PG&E: * Angel Island State Park - Marin County * Candlestick Point State Recreation Area - San Francisco County * Folsom Lake State Recreation Area - Sacramento County * Half Moon Bay State Beach - San Mateo County * Henry W. Coe State Park - Santa Clara County * McConnell State Recreation Area - Merced County * Millerton Lake State Recreation Area - Fresno County * Montaña de Oro State Park - San Luis Obispo County * Mt. Diablo State Park - Contra Costa County * Sonoma Coast State Beach - Sonoma County   Since its inception in 1998, CSPF's Earth Day Restoration and Cleanup program has resulted in 83,785 participants contributing more than 334,301 volunteer hours' worth nearly $6.6 million in park maintenance and improvements.  Additionally, nearly $5 million has been raised through the Earth Day program to benefit state parks and the millions of Californians who rely on them for recreation, education, and inspiration. To volunteer on Earth Day, visit http://calparks.org/earthday or call 1-415-262-4400. Space is limited, so advance registration is required. Parking fees are waived for Earth Day volunteers. Rocklin, Roseville Yellow Pages - Automotive | Business | Community | Education | Finance | Health | Home Improvement Pet Care | Real Estate | Restaurants | Tech | View All | * Add/Upgrade Business Yellow Pages News Articles Events Placer County News Headlines Capital Landscape New Design Showroom in California Backyard in RosevilleOver the weekend from Friday April 7th to Sunday April 9th, Capital Landscape exhibited a spectacular hot tub landscape design showroom in Gold River, California Oasis outside Palm Springs: Coachella Valley PreservePalm Springs, CA- During a trip to Coachella Valley, perception and reality clashed in spectacular fashion. The desert holds many secrets and surprises Placer SPCA 2017 Hero Award WinnersRoseville, CA- The Placer SPCA announces its 2017 Hero Award winners, showing us all that "heroes" come in all forms. Roseville Flash Crime Report (4.14.17)Roseville, CA- Digest summary update of select crime reports and activity from Roseville Police for the period covering April 6- 13, 2017. Roseville's Maidu Park to Host USA Ultimate College ChampionshipsRoseville CA - Placer Valley Tourism is thrilled to be teaming up with USA Ultimate again after a year hiatus, to bring not one but two exciting tournaments to Maidu Park this month. WJU launches Faculty of Natural and Applied SciencesROCKLIN, Calif., - William Jessup University officially launched the Faculty of Natural and Applied Sciences last week naming Dr. George Stubblefield Dean of the growing division Shoulder To Shoulder Honors Founder Bill CoibionShoulder To Shoulder, one of few local nonprofits that addresses the fatherlessness in our communities, honors its founder Bill Coibion Earth Day Restoration and Cleanup Volunteers SoughtSAN FRANCISCO - On Saturday, April 22, 40 state parks across California will be the focus of California State Parks Foundation's (CSPF) 19th Earth Day Restoration and Cleanup Mary Poppins at Harris Center starting April 28El Dorado Musical Theatre is proud to present Disney and Cameron Mackintosh's Mary Poppins which will run April 28 - May 14, 2017 at the Harris Center Roseville Gas Price Update: Syrian Airstrikes, Libya Push Oil HigherRoseville motorists aren't alone as seasonal pressure begins kicking gas prices higher around the country Good Samaritan Killed by CHP in Tragic CollisionSacramento, CA- As the officer began to back-up, for yet to be determined reasons, the patrol vehicle tragically struck the bus driver Improving Outcomes for Adults with Autism Lecture(SACRAMENTO, Calif.) - Adults with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) will be the topic of the next Minds behind the MIND lecture on April 19 at 5:30 p.m. at the UC Davis MIND Institute NEWS: In Case You Missed It Yellow Pages - Featured Auto Auto Glass & Window Auto Insurance Auto Parts Auto Repair Car Washes Dent Removal Mufflers Oil Change Smog Tires Transmissions Used Cars Business Bookkeeping Services Computer Repair IT Consultants Coaching Custom T-Shirts Embroidery Employment Human Resources & HR Consulting Payroll Services QuickBooks Training Promotional Products Screen Printing Shipping Window Cleaning Health and Fitness Roseville Dentists Rocklin Dentists Chiropractors Hormone Therapy Hypnosis Quit Smoking Bicycles Alternative Medicine Personal Trainers Naturopathic Doctors Laser Hair Removal Home Improvement and Services Glass Repair House Cleaning /Maid Services Interior Designers Fences Fence Repair Gutter Cleaning Lawn Care Tree Trimming Heating and Air Conditioning Pest Control Plumbers Window Cleaning ▼ Featured Events Beauty & the Beast Wine Adventures 2017 BottleRock Napa Valley ▼ Upcoming Events 4/15/2017 - Community Easter Egg Hunt4/15/2017 - Spring Eggstravaganza4/15/2017 - Night Out at the Museum4/15/2017 - Roseville Easter Egg Hunt4/15/2017 - USA Ultimate Conference Championships4/15/2017 - Spring Eggstravaganza & Giant Egg Hunt View or Post Events  ▼ Placer County Travel & beyond Lincoln Hike: Wilson Park to Coyote PondBlack Hole of Calcutta Falls: Stroller Friendly Family HikingGoatHouse Brewing: Beer Tasting in the CountryLincoln Showcase: Fun, Exceptionally DoneWheatland Amphitheater Offers Better ExperienceNevada City Shines Best at Night Kings Beach at North Lake Tahoe offers Cool EscapeSouth Yuba River State Park: Summer CooldownRoseville Ride: Miner's Ravine Trail Downtown Woodland: Unexpected Treasure View More... ▼ Yellow Pages Business Directory Yellow Pages News Articles Events Automotive |  Business |  Community |  Education |  Finance Health |  Home Improvement  |  Pet Care |  Real Estate Restaurants |  Tech |  View All  ▼ Local Real Estate News Real Estate Watch: Home Seller's Market Roseville is a Top Ten Millennial City9 Interesting Facts about Winter Home SalesIncreasing Home Sales: Real Estate UpdateIncreasing Home Sales: Placer and Sacramento UpdateRemodeling Your Kitchen - Think White ▼ California Travel & Adventure Oasis outside Palm Springs: Coachella Valley PreserveCarmel Valley: Land of Honey, Wine & ArtHyatt Regency delivers Quintessential Monterey ExperienceMartinez is a City of SurpriseHolman Ranch: Carmel Valley's Country StarDesert Trip: You Just Might Find, You Get What Ya NeedHyatt Regency Monterey: Adventure in Fun and Food View More... ▼ Special Offers  Embroidery, Screenprinting and Promotional Products  Plumbing Services and Drain Cleaning  House Cleaning by the Pro's at MaidPro  KB Services-Bookkeeping & Certified Quickbooks Pro Advisor  Vehicle Wraps  Front Street Media - Web Design Folsom & El Dorado Hills, CA  FREE House Keeping Quote ▼ Info & Help Desk Promote Your Business |  About Us |  Contact Us Privacy Policy |  RSS Contribute Content Articles |  Local Events |  Press Releases |  Social Media Connect   HOMEPAGE News Events Travel LOCAL Travel Yellow Pages Auto  |  Business  |  Community  |  Finance  |  Health  |  Home Improvement  |  Pet Care  |  Real Estate  |  Restaurants  |  Technology © 2003 - 2017 Rocklin & Roseville Today Follow Us on Facebook
clock menu more-arrow Nobody agrees how the screen in your dashboard should work Here are all the screens from the New York Auto Show by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Apr 14, 2017, 11:52am EDT Photography by Amelia Holowaty Krales share tweet Linkedin Car manufacturers showed off new hydrogen fuel cell-powered vehicles, more sophisticated autonomous driving features, and at least one dog-centric vehicle at this year’s New York Auto Show, but what about the screens that we at The Verge love? In our ScreenDrive series we review cars’ screens, and this year’s show gave us a preview of what to expect from displays over the next year. You would think after nearly a decade of screens existing in cars, manufacturers would have come to some sort of consensus on what user interface works best, but that’s not the case. Some manufacturers think drivers want knobs and buttons to control their displays, others think touchscreens are the only way, and others even forego both for a regular screen paired with a touchpad. All these displays run proprietary software, too. It’s dizzying. The star of the show this year, at least as far as innovative screens go, was the Range Rover Velar. The company decided to add an extra center display to its vehicle in order to make navigating screens easier. This seems counterintuitive, but maybe it’ll work? We went around the show and checked out some new display offerings to give you a sense of the options that exist. Check them out below. Range Rover Velar The new Velar features two 10-inch main console touchscreens. The top one shows the stuff you’ll access most, like navigation, your phone, and media. The bottom is primarily for climate control, both in the vehicle and for the seats, as well as vehicle settings. The car also includes a heads-up display and a 12.3-inch electronic instrument cluster. An Intel quad core processor power everything. Range Rover doesn’t support Android Auto or Apple CarPlay, so hopefully you’re comfortable with the company’s proprietary software. Hopefully you like fingerprints, too, because if the Auto Show is any indication, the Velar’s screens will collect a ton. Cadillac 2018 CT6 Cadillac debuted its Tesla Autopilot competitor at the show, called Super Cruise. It’s part of the CT6, which features a 10-inch center console display that’s controlled through a touchpad. The 10-inch screen isn’t all that exciting, but the rearview mirror that displays the rearview camera’s view is nifty. The C6 also features a HUD and an electronic instrument cluster. Honda Odyssey Families appreciate touchscreens, too. The 2018 Honda Odyssey includes an eight-inch touchscreen display with redesigned software that’s meant to resemble a phone. The screen itself is pretty unextraordinary, although two new features, CabinTalk and CabinWatch are novel. CabinWatch lets a driver see what’s happening in the back two rows of the car. You can pinch to zoom in, too. CabinTalk lets the driver talk to the back seats either through the speakers or directly into the passengers’ headphones. Volkswagen Atlas The new VW Atlas has two options for upgraded displays: a nine-inch touchscreen or an eight-inch touchscreen with built-in knobs. The car also features a new 12.3-inch electronic cockpit, which the company sees as making a luxury car feature more affordable. The Atlas starts at $33,500. Lexus LC 500 and LS 500 You probably aren’t buying a Lexus for its displays, but the company’s still thinking about them. The LC 500 features a 10.3-inch display that’s controlled by a touchpad. It is not a touchscreen, so don’t even try. The pad takes some getting used to, but its haptic feedback is helpful is figuring out where to click. The LS 500 features a larger 12.3-inch display that’s also paired with the touchpad. It’s also got a 24-inch color heads-up display — that’s massive. In this Storystream New York Auto Show 2017: the latest news and fastest cars Nobody agrees how the screen in your dashboard should work Automakers aren’t thinking creatively enough about hydrogen fuel cells View all 10 stories Circuit Breaker This 360-degree self-balancing scooter is a Segway for the impractical Apple Apple just received a permit to test self-driving cars in California Policy & Law Navy tells sailors to stop vaping at sea View all stories in Transportation Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio How-To Social Media Computers & Laptops Mobiles & Tablets Other Gadgets Wigzo Technologies plans overseas expansion Priyanka Pani comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Joins hands with open source e-commerce platform Magento Mumbai, April 14:   Marketing automation platform Wigzo Technologies, which recently raised funds from a clutch of VC firms including Aarin Capital, 3one4 Capital and advantEdge among others, is mulling a global expansion. As part of its global plans, the company has entered into a partnership with Magento, one of the largest open-source e-commerce platform globally. With this, Wigzo becomes Magento’s first technology partner from India. Through this partnership, Wigzo will be able to reach out to over 5 lakh merchants globally and collaborate with over 100 Magento technology partners to provide scalable solutions to their customer base. Wigzo’s founder and CEO, Umair Mohammed, told BusinessLine that, “One of the most in demand features of our dashboard is the Web Push Notifications, which have become a major sales and retention channel for some of our clients. We think our partnership with Magento will give us the opportunity to present Web push as the fastest growing channel to their customers.” Web push notifications are the fastest growing engagement and retention channel for businesses today, he said, adding that Wigzo is making web push personalisation possible. Key hires Mohammed further added that the company has also made some key hires as part of its global strategy. Wigzo has hired Hetal Sonpal as its COO. Sonpal, with over 18 years of experience, comes from Intel. She has also worked with companies such as LinkedIn, Microsoft and Wipro. As part of the global business plan, Wigzo has identified Australia, Japan, Indonesia and West Asia for their first phase of growth following which it will target the other markets. Personalisation is the only way for brands to focus on consumers and be relevant to them, Mohammed said and added that Wigzo provides a comprehensive set of tools built for marketers that enables a machine-intelligence driven personalised campaign thus touching a consumer across various channels such as email, mobile and web pages. (This article was published on April 14, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS computing and information technology | e-commerce and e-business | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO ACT Fibernet CEO Bala Malladi on ACT's initiatives more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED ‘It’s a competitive world...our salaries have to be competitive too’ How eBay failed to gauge India’s e-comm scene With co-chair, Infy seeks peace with founders Flipkart plans more stock options to ring-fence ESOPs Infosys to pay Rs 13,000 crore to shareholders via dividend, share buyback Parliamentary panel pulls up BSNL for not complying with reservation norms for STs Vodafone moves TRAI against Jio ‘Summer Surprise’ offer Infostretch eyes India for digital enterprise business Odisha cancels Ricoh contract Infy’s turnaround comes to an abrupt end LATEST NEWS BJP eyes eastern push as executive meet begins in Bhubaneswar Goa mulls ban on entry of locals in casinos 18 min. ago NGT reconfirms order allowing IndianOil to go ahead with LPG unit near Kochi 1 hr. 3 min. ago ReNew Power commissions 143 MW solar farm in Telangana 1 hr. 12 min. ago 'Depression' watch maintained in the Bay of Bengal 1 hr. 42 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Info-tech MTNL targeting more broadband users State-owned telecom firm MTNL is looking to convert nearly 50 per cent of its fixed line users into broadband subscribers over the next... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Global Automotive Cyber Security 2017 Market Growth, Opportunities and Analysis, Forecast To 2022 Wiseguyreports.Com Publish New Market Research Report On-“Global Automotive Cyber Security 2017 Market Growth, Opportunities and Analysis, Forecast To 2022”. PUNE, INDIA, April 14, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Automotive Cyber Security Market 2017 Automotive Cyber Security is the software used to protect car data from being attacked. Scope of the Report: This report focuses on the Automotive Cyber Security in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1184869-global-automotive-cyber-security-market-by-manufacturers-countries-type-and-application Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Arilou technologies Cisco systems Harman (TowerSec) SBD Automotive & Ncc Group Argus BT Security Intel Corporation ESCRYPT Embedded Systems NXP Semiconductors Trillium Secunet AG Security Innovation Symphony Teleca & Guardtime Utimaco GmbH Other Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.) Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Market Segment by Type, covers Software-based Hardware-based Network & Cloud Security Services & Frameworks Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into Passenger Cars Commercial Vehicles Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1184869-global-automotive-cyber-security-market-by-manufacturers-countries-type-and-application Table of Contents 1 Market Overview 1.1 Automotive Cyber Security Introduction 1.2 Market Analysis by Type 1.2.1 Software-based 1.2.2 Hardware-based 1.2.3 Network & Cloud 1.2.4 Security Services & Frameworks 1.3 Market Analysis by Applications 1.3.1 Passenger Cars 1.3.2 Commercial Vehicles 1.4 Market Analysis by Regions 1.4.1 North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) 1.4.1.1 USA Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.1.2 Canada Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.1.3 Mexico Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2 Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) 1.4.2.1 Germany Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2.2 France Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2.3 UK Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2.4 Russia Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2.5 Italy Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) 1.4.3.1 China Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3.2 Japan Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3.3 Korea Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3.4 India Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3.5 Southeast Asia Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4 South America, Middle East and Africa 1.4.4.1 Brazil Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4.2 Egypt Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4.3 Saudi Arabia Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4.4 South Africa Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4.5 Nigeria Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5 Market Dynamics 1.5.1 Market Opportunities 1.5.2 Market Risk 1.5.3 Market Driving Force 2 Manufacturers Profiles 2.1 Arilou technologies 2.1.1 Business Overview 2.1.2 Automotive Cyber Security Type and Applications 2.1.2.1 Type 1 2.1.2.2 Type 2 2.1.3 Arilou technologies Automotive Cyber Security Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.2 Cisco systems 2.2.1 Business Overview 2.2.2 Automotive Cyber Security Type and Applications 2.2.2.1 Type 1 2.2.2.2 Type 2 2.2.3 Cisco systems Automotive Cyber Security Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.3 Harman (TowerSec) 2.3.1 Business Overview 2.3.2 Automotive Cyber Security Type and Applications 2.3.2.1 Type 1 2.3.2.2 Type 2 2.3.3 Harman (TowerSec) Automotive Cyber Security Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.4 SBD Automotive & Ncc Group 2.4.1 Business Overview 2.4.2 Automotive Cyber Security Type and Applications 2.4.2.1 Type 1 2.4.2.2 Type 2 2.4.3 SBD Automotive & Ncc Group Automotive Cyber Security Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.5 Argus 2.5.1 Business Overview 2.5.2 Automotive Cyber Security Type and Applications 2.5.2.1 Type 1 2.5.2.2 Type 2 ……..Continued Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1184869 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Chemicals for Cosmetics & Toiletries Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Cesium Market Analysis: Coverage of Major and Niche Players with Five Forces Analysis Forecast To 2021 Search Recent Posts Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Market Report 2017 – Continental Ag, Delphi Automotive PLC, Robert Bosch Gmbh, Aisin Seiki Co. Ltd. Aircraft Landing Gear Market – Industry Analysis, Trends, Growth, Share, Forecasts and Regional Outlook Hydraulic Fluid Connectors Market 2015-2022 Analysis Report 48V Electrical Architecture Market | Outlook Research Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases Influenza Diagnostics Market 2015-2022 Outlook Research Report By DecisionDatabases Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Podcast The Vergecast RIP: Internet privacy, NES Classic, and Apple and Qualcomm’s friendship New, 1 comment This week on Vergecast by Andrew Marino Apr 14, 2017, 9:19am EDT share tweet Linkedin Photo by James Bareham / The Verge This week on Vergecast, Chris Plante is in town! Nilay, Dieter, and Paul bring him in to discuss a few things that confused us all throughout the week — Apple and Qualcomm suing each other, how the FCC may kill net neutrality, and Nintendo discontinuing the NES Classic. There’s a lot more in between all that so take a listen, give us a review, and enjoy your weekend. 01:50 - The FCC’s plan to kill net neutrality will also kill internet privacy 16:59 - Qualcomm sues Apple for hobbling its iPhone chips to make Intel look better 33:12 - Microsoft reveals its final Xbox Project Scorpio specs 52:00 - Nintendo doesn’t want your money — it wants your soul 1:00:03 - Paul’s weekly segment “Guess who’s got a birthday coming up?” If you enjoyed this podcast and read through this whole post, we have more stuff you can listen to! We have Ctrl-Walt-Delete with Walt Mossberg and Nilay Patel, which dives deep into tech. We have Verge Extras, which experiments with audio and podcasting in new and interesting ways. You might also want to check out Recode Decode, hosted by Kara Swisher, and Too Embarrassed to Ask hosted by Lauren Goode! You can find them all in iTunes, Google Play, Spotify, and anywhere you get your podcasts nowadays. More From The Verge NASA finds more evidence that the ocean on Enceladus could support alien life Elon Musk says Tesla will unveil its electric semi truck in September Mossberg: A plan to preserve the internet Automakers aren’t thinking creatively enough about hydrogen fuel cells Burger King didn’t hack Google Home, it hacked the media Magic AI: these are the optical illusions that trick, fool, and flummox computers Now Trending Here’s how to activate YouTube’s hidden Dark Mode Kendrick Lamar is releasing another album on Sunday, according to internet sleuths Star Wars: The Last Jedi’s first trailer is here Reach out Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 11. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Here’s the final design for Light’s insane 16-lens camera by Natt Garun 18 comments / new Contrary to reports, Carrie Fisher will not appear in Star Wars: Episode IX by Andrew Liptak 2 comments / new One of fantasy’s biggest authors comes to Star Wars by Chaim Gartenberg 3 comments / new This 360-degree self-balancing scooter is a Segway for the impractical by Paul Miller 2 comments / new Airbnb adds new security measures to prevent scammers from hijacking hosts by Nick Statt 1 comment / new This glow-in-the-dark, waterproof AirPods case is great for nighttime deep sea diving and literally nothing else by Ashley Carman 3 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
India World Videos Photos Cricket Movies Auto Sports Lifestyle Tech Education Business Cosmopolitan NEWS LIST INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS News Inbox Top News Most Read Editor's Picks Funalytics Opinion Hot Right Now See MoreSee Less India Today NEWS TV MAGAZINE Search Jobs IPL 2017 Mail Today &amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img width=1 height=1 border=0 src="http://m4.zedo.com/log/p.gif?a=2650544;g=0;c=821003559;x=23040;n=821;i=0;e=i;s=8;z=[timestamp]"&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Movies India World Photos videos Cricket Tech FYI Auto Lifestyle Travel Sports Politics Food Education Business Money Top news Opinion Most Read Editor's Pick Funalytics Cosmopolitan News India facbook twitter googlepluse Pakistan's summer designs in Kashmir: ISI asks LeT, Hizbul Mujahideen to stir unrest According to reports, the Pakistan ISI has directed Lashkar-e-Taiba and Hizbul Mujahideen to coordinate and orchestrate a Kashmir Summer Strategy, to stoke unrest in the Valley. Ashwini Kumar  | Posted by Ashna Kumar  Follow @ashwini1959   ashwini.kumar@aajtak.com April 14, 2017 | UPDATED 20:33 IST A +A - Highlights 1 Pakistan ISI has directed LeT and Hizbul Mujahideen to plan and orchestrate terror plots in Kashmir soon. 2 LeT and Mujahideen top leaders recently met to discuss their plans. 3 The terror groups have been given specific targets and areas so that attacks can be intensified after Darbar move. As the Kashmir valley begins to settle after five days of unrest ensuing the Srinagar bypoll on April 9, reports suggest strategies are being hatched to stir violence again. According to reports, Pakistan ISI (Inter-Services Intelligence) has directed Hizbul Mujahideen and Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) militants to coordinate and make a 'Kashmir Summer Strategy' to stoke unrest in the Valley. Intelligence agencies say that District Commander of Hizbul Mujahideen Saddam Padder recently met with LeT terrorists to discuss terror plans. Sources say that at least 18 terrorists from Shopian, Kulgam and Awantipura participated in a summer strategy. This comes in tow after reports suggested that more than 35 Kashmiri youth joined terror outfits last year during Kashmir unrest period from same districts. ATTACK, PLANS AND MORE Zeenat-ul-Islam, an IED expert and an ex-member of Al-Badar terror outfit has now joined Hizbul Mujahideen. Sources say the terror groups have been given specific targets and areas so that attacks can be intensified after Darbar move. Intel reports also indicate that the plan is to camouflage the attacks as internal clashes. LeT has been told to interfile attacks and Mujahideen will be claiming the strikes so that it looks like a local upheaval and not one fueled by Pakistan. Also read: Viral video shows Kashmiri youth tied to the front of moving army jeep Also read: MHA accuses Pakistan of promoting 'civil resistance' in Kashmir Also read: Amid growing cries to free Kulbhushan Jadhav from Pak, Kashmiri leader says India must not point fingers   For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @indiatoday and on Facebook at facebook.com/IndiaToday For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in. ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.     # Kashmir unrest# Hizbul Mujahideen# Lashkar-e-Taiba# Pakistan# Pakistan ISI# LeT# Inter-Services Intelligence   Suggested Stories Recommended Watch Right Now Top Takes NEWS INDIA WORLD PHOTOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS SITEMAP Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.       
REGISTER | LOGIN PROFILE | LOGOUT Sign Up / Sign In {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome Back {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Registration Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* displayName *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* addressCountry *} {* companyName *} {* eetimesJobfunction *} {* jobFunctionOther *} {* eetimesIndustry *} {* industryOther *} {* optInRegistration *} {* optAgree *} {* optShare *} {* siteName *} {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank You for Registering Please wait you will be redirected shortly. Create New Password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close About Us Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News BLOG: Apple and Google in the Memory Business? NEWS & ANALYSIS: MIPI Goes Beyond Mobile, Camera NEWS & ANALYSIS: Hon Hai Bids $27 Billion for Toshiba Chip Unit BLOG: When Your Sweat Knows More about You BLOG: Foundries Need Clear Benchmarks SPONSORED: ST Technology Tour 2017 - Seattle News & Analysis TSMC Expects First-Half Smartphone Slump Alan Patterson 4/14/2017 09:01 AM EDT 5 comments NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet TAIPEI — Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSMC), the largest foundry for customers in the smartphone business including Apple and MediaTek, says it is expecting an inventory correction in smartphones to continue through the first half of this year. “Fabless days of inventory (DOI) are still high. Our second-quarter guidance reflects a severe inventory adjustment in the smartphone and PC markets,” TSMC Co-CEO Mark Liu said at an event in Taipei to announce the company’s first-quarter results. “Fabless DOI should return to normal around the end of the second quarter this year.” The company, a bellwether for the electronics industry, revised its outlook for the overall semiconductor market upward by three percentage points to 7 percent growth this year due to stronger than expected demand for memory products. For the same period, TSMC cut its forecast for overall foundry market growth to 5 percent from the original 7 percent it predicted three months ago. TSMC maintained its expectation for its own growth to be in a range of 5 percent to 10 percent. The company, which has about half of the overall foundry market, said it expects to increase its market share during the second half of this year as it ramps up production of 10nm products. TSMC has lagged behind foundry rival Samsung by about three months with the launch of 10nm products. The company may see 10nm sales soar during the second half this year as it uses the 10nm process to make the A11 application processor for Apple’s iPhone 8, according to independent analyst Andrew Lu in a report written for research provider Smartkarma. TSMC says it expects 10nm to account for about 10 percent of its sales during the second half of this year. Leading Geometries In the meantime, it’s been a bit of a slog. Sales of TSMC’s most advanced 16/20 nm products slipped to 31 percent of total first quarter 2017 revenue compared with 33 percent during the fourth quarter of 2016. Sales of communications chips fell by 18 percent between the two quarters. In the 16/20nm node, the company has faced strong competition from Samsung, which makes 14nm products for Qualcomm. TSMC aims to offer 12nm products based on its 16nm technology after it completes 12nm development work in the second half of this year. The 12nm technology will be an “optical shrink” of 16nm, which will allow customers to convert existing 16nm designs easily, according to TSMC Co-CEO CC Wei. TSMC’s cash cow 28nm products edged up to 25 percent of the company’s overall sales in the first quarter this year compared with 24 percent in the fourth quarter last year. The company is hanging on to a 90 percent share of the 28nm market even as rivals such as Intel are trying to take away business in that segment, according to analysts at the results announcement. TSMC may start to gain ground on its main rival Samsung when the Taiwan foundry starts production of 7nm chips in 2018. “We will have a higher market share in 7nm,” Co-CEO Liu said. Packaging Tech TSMC expects its new packaging technology to start contributing more to company revenue. Its Integrated Fan-Out (InFO) will account for $500 million in sales this year compared with $100 million during the fourth quarter of last year. TSMC says it is developing InFO packaging technology that provides “highly flexible integration of active and passive chip components for the 10nm, 7nm and more advanced nodes”. The company said it has been allocating an increasing portion of its capital expenditure to InFO and may spend as much as $1 billion on the packaging technology in the near future. —Alan Patterson covers the semiconductor industry for EE Times. He is based in Taiwan. Email This Print Comment More Related Links Qcomm Returns Fire in Apple Suit TPU Beat Intel, Nvidia, says Google Google Calls for Switch Chip API S8 Displays Smartphones Scale Silicon Wave Rises in Data Center Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Author Re: 7nm tapeout? resistion   4/14/2017 9:27:12 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate http://www.patentlyapple.com/patently-apple/2016/09/tsmc-is-confident-in-their-superior-7nm-chips-being-ready-for-the-2018-iphone.html "We are going to start on tape-out on 7-nano chips in first quarter of next year (2017) and start mass-producing in early 2018." Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: GlobalFounries must really be hurtin DMcCunney   4/14/2017 3:53:00 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate @emesdoublee: Now it makes sense why GlobalFoundries is having "early retirement". Does that ever work? Layoffs coming at GlobalFoundries. Depends on what you mean by "works". Every industry I'm aware of has resorted to this tactic at one time or another.  Everyone wants to control and lower costs, and salaries and fringe benefits are a major component of costs.  Encouraging older higher paid employees to take early retirement is a way of reducing costs. (The alternative is often "If we don't get enough people taking voluntary early retirement, we'll resort to forced layoffs.") (I went through something like that a while back, getting laid off by an employer I'd worked at for a dozen years.  I had a grimly amusing exit interview with an HR staffer who presented me with a list of other IT staffers being laid off as well.  It didn't name names but did list poitions and ages. The subtext was clear - I wasn't being laid off because I was an older employee, and couldn't file an age discrimination suit - I was being laid off because they didn't want to pay the salary I had attained over the course of working there.) The problem is that such efforts often let critically needed knowledge and talents walk out the door, with repercussions down the road.  "We really need to keep Joe because he's the only one who knows how to do X!" is not somethjing normally considered. >Dennis Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: 7nm tapeout? photonic   4/14/2017 3:41:05 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate I think it wiser to compete with TSMC rather than doubt them. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Freelancer GlobalFounries must really be hurtin emesdoublee   4/14/2017 11:23:52 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Now it makes sense why GlobalFoundries is having "early retirement". Does that ever work? Layoffs coming at GlobalFoundries. If TSMC is down that much, GlobalFoundries must really be getting hit hard. They were saying earlier that they were going to increase capacity at their fabs. Maybe that capacity increase is on hold? http://www.timesunion.com/news/article/GlobalFoundries-needs-to-cut-East-Fishkill-11051980.php I wonder how much more patience Mubudala will have with their money losing venture. Oil prices are headed back down again. Hey Khaldoon Khalifa Al Mubarak, how much money are you going to let GloFo flush down the toilet? Hey Ahmed Yahia Al Idrissi, do you enjoy billion dollar losses every year? Are you guys glad you entered semiconductor market?     Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author 7nm tapeout? resistion   4/14/2017 9:55:35 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate What happened to the 7nm tapeouts supposed to happen around now? Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 4/14/2017 9:27:12 PM resistion http://www.patentlyapple.com/patently-apple/2016/09/tsmc-is-confident-in-their-superior-7nm-chips-being-ready-for-the-2018-iphone.html "We are going to start on tape-out on 7-nano... 4/14/2017 9:27:12 PM resistion http://www.patentlyapple.com/patently-apple/2016/09/tsmc-is-confident-in-their-superior-7nm-chips-being-ready-for-the-2018-iphone.html "We are going to start on tape-out on 7-nano... 4/14/2017 4:14:58 PM DMcCunney @perl_geek: so why are there still meatsacks on board freight trains? Is it union resistance? I think that's a good part of it.  But the same issues that confront self-driving... 4/14/2017 4:07:48 PM DMcCunney @elizabethsimon: Remote control has been used for years in switchyards. I remember seeing a warning sign to that effect when I lived near Klamath Falls about 10 years ago. I think... 4/14/2017 3:53:00 PM DMcCunney @emesdoublee: Now it makes sense why GlobalFoundries is having "early retirement". Does that ever work? Layoffs coming at GlobalFoundries. Depends on what you mean by "works". Every... 4/14/2017 3:41:05 PM photonic I think it wiser to compete with TSMC rather than doubt them. 4/14/2017 2:53:42 PM DMcCunney @photonic: Micron probably can't be a Lowest Cost Producer. Agreed. That's not the issue. The issue is whether Micron can be a Producer. They can be and are. ... 4/14/2017 2:48:11 PM DMcCunney @photonic: As far as I understand it, this is always true and for every manufacturer. Yes. It's just far more visible in consumer electronics than in other industries. >... 4/14/2017 2:45:58 PM DMcCunney @Shinobee: On that same token, if Foxconn can move workers into more "higher end" jobs, they can resort to machines and automation for the "lower end jobs" saving more money. Yes. ... 4/14/2017 2:18:13 PM photonic Micron probably can't be a Lowest Cost Producer.   That's not the issue. The issue is whether Micron can be a Producer. Navigate to Related Links Qcomm Returns Fire in Apple Suit TPU Beat Intel, Nvidia, says Google Google Calls for Switch Chip API S8 Displays Smartphones Scale Silicon Wave Rises in Data Center Cartoon Contest April 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "April showers" "Your caption here!" 65 comments All Cartoons March 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Beware the Ides..." "Say three days for prototyping, programming, and test... We ship on the 15th!" 96 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  47   Evolution of Microcomputers: Personal ...  46   Are Kids No Longer Learning Multiplication ...  31   Shoot! What's the Dash Cam Say?  26   Why 'Toyota's Killer Firmware' May Not ...  26   Manufactured in a Facility that uses Eggs ...  25   What's This Screeching Sound & Why Does it ...  25   Police Report Untangles Uber Crash Mystery  24   The (Electronic) Pencil is Mightier than ...  23   Intel Unveils 10, 22nm Processes  22   Intel Boots Drives with 3D XPoint  17   Hon Hai Bids $27 Billion for Toshiba Chip Unit  8   3D Chip Stacks Eye Data Centers  7   Foundries Need Clear Benchmarks  5   When Your Sweat Knows More about You  5   Apple and Google in the Memory Business?  5   5 Unresolved Issues Facing Robo-cars  5   TSMC Expects First-Half Smartphone Slump  3   Qcomm Returns Fire in Apple Suit  3   Quantum Photons Emitted  2   Renesas Opens Autonomy for Cars Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" ASPENCORE NETWORK EBN | EDN | EE Times | EEWeb | Electronic Products | Electronics-Tutorials | Embedded | Planet Analog | ElectroSchematics | Power Electronics News | TechOnline | Datasheets.com | Embedded Control Europe | Embedded Know How | Embedded News | IOT Design Zone | Motor Control Design | Electronics Know How | GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia | EE Times China | EE Times India | EE Times Japan | EE Times Taiwan | EDN Asia | EDN China | EDN Taiwan | EDN Japan | ESM China | Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Global E-commerce Payment Market – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Orbis Research: Statistical Analysis for „Global E-commerce Payment Market” capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. Dallas, United States – April 14, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Extensive analysis of the „Global E-commerce Payment Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022” is conducted by following key product positioning and monitoring the top competitors within the market framework. The report will assist reader with better understanding and decision making. Notes: Production, means the output of E-commerce Payment Revenue, means the sales value of E-commerce Payment This report studies the global E-commerce Payment market, analyzes and researches the E-commerce Payment development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like : o AliPay o MasterCard o PayPal o Visa o Dwolla o WePay o ACH Payments Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. Browse Global E-commerce Payment Market @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-e-commerce-payment-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 . Market segment by Type, E-commerce Payment can be split into o Cards o E-wallets o Mobile o Bank Transfer o Direct Debits o Cash on Delivery Market segment by Application, E-commerce Payment can be split into o Application 1 o Application 2 Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/199714 . Some Points from Table of Contents: Chapter One: Industry Overview of E-commerce Payment 1.1 E-commerce Payment Market Overview 1.1.1 E-commerce Payment Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global E-commerce Payment Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 E-commerce Payment Market by Type 1.3.1 Cards 1.3.2 E-wallets 1.3.3 Mobile 1.3.4 Bank Transfer 1.3.5 Direct Debits 1.3.6 Cash on Delivery 1.4 E-commerce Payment Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Application 1 1.4.2 Application 2 Chapter Two: Global E-commerce Payment Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 E-commerce Payment Market Size (Value) by Players (2015-2016) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future Chapter Three: Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 AliPay 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 E-commerce Payment Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 MasterCard 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 E-commerce Payment Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 PayPal 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 E-commerce Payment Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Visa 3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 E-commerce Payment Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.4.5 Recent Developments …Continued Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/199714 Related Report on „Payment Industry”: Global Cards and Payments Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022: This report studies the global Cards and Payments market, analyzes and researches the Cards and Payments development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like: Gemalto, G&D, Oberthur, Morpho (Safran), VALID, Eastcompeace, Wuhan Tianyu, DATANG, KONA I, CPI Card Group, Watchdata, HENGBAO, VeriFone Systems, Honeywell, Data Logic, First Data, Fujitsu, Intermec, Ingenico and NCR. Global Mobile Payment Security Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022: This report studies the global Mobile Payment Security Software market, analyzes and researches the Mobile Payment Security Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like: Apple, CA Technologies, Gemalto, Google, VASCO, Chase Paymentech Solutions, HP Enterprise, Intel, MagTek, UL and Vantiv. About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Info: Name: Hector Costello Email: sales@orbisresearch.com Organization: Orbis Research Address: 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone: +1 (214) 884-6817 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/global-e-commerce-payment-market-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2017-2022/186438 For more information, please visit http://www.orbisresearch.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 186438 Recent Press Releases By The Same User E-Clinical Solutions Market is Expected to Grow at 12% CAGR during 2016-2022 (Fri 14th Apr 17) Apoptosis Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 (Fri 14th Apr 17) ADME/Tox Technologies Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 (Fri 14th Apr 17) Chiral Chemicals Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 (Fri 14th Apr 17) Amino Acids Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 (Fri 14th Apr 17) Liquid Bandage Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 (Fri 14th Apr 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Overflow Local Announces They Are Offering a Free Preview of a Client’s Website Next PostNext Europe Colposcopy Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2022 Market Benefits, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Search Recent Posts Fleet Management Market 2015-2022 Global Industry Research Report Defense Department Awards $163 Million in University Research Funding White House Commends Atlanta First Responders for Response to Interstate 85 Bridge Fire Second Lady Karen Pence to travel to the Asia-Pacific Region to Highlight Art Therapy and Recognize Military Service Members Background Press Call on the Vice President’s Travel to South Korea, Japan, Indonesia, and Australia Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / GM doubles down on self-driving cars, hiring 1,100 GM doubles down on self-driving cars, hiring 1,100 Posted on Friday, April 14, 2017 by CNN in Business News General Motors is significantly increasing the number of people working on its self-driving car projects. Its new research and development facility in California is hiring 1,100 people. The new employees will be working at the Cruise Automation unit, a tech start-up GM paid $581 million for in March 2016 . GM CEO Mary Barra disclosed in September that the self-driving car unit had already grown to 100 engineers, up from the 40 people who were there at the time of its purchase. It’s not clear exactly how many people are working at the facility now, but it has more than 30 job openings already posted on its website. Self-driving cars have entered a crowded arena. All automakers as well as several major tech companies, such as Google and Intel, are working on driverless tech. Competition for top engineering talent in the sector has become fierce — and even prompted lawsuits. That’s part of the reason GM has kept Cruise Automation operating as an standalone unit rather than moving it from California to Michigan and integrating it into GM’s existing R&D operations. “We have a start-up in San Francisco that is truly working as a start-up but has the resources of General Motors,” Barra said at the World Mobility Leadership Forum last fall. Cruise Automation and GM engineers are currently testing more than 50 Chevrolet Bolts with self-driving technology on public roads in San Francisco; Scottsdale, Arizona; and metro Detroit. The Bolt is GM’s new long-range electric vehicle. GM will spend $14 million on the new expanded R&D facility. The state of California is providing an $8 million tax credit to GM as part of the investment. Not made for TV: GoPro's failed media business Credit Suisse execs slash their own bonuses 40% after rough year Related Posts Dealer to Fiat Chrysler: Stop making us report fake sales UFC sold for $4 billion Shanghai named most expensive city in Asia Psychiatrist wants patients to see his name in the New York Times Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Global E-commerce Payment Market - Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 - 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Orbis Research: Statistical Analysis for "Global E-commerce Payment Market" capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. Dallas, United States - April 14, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Extensive analysis of the "Global E-commerce Payment Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022" is conducted by following key product positioning and monitoring the top competitors within the market framework. The report will assist reader with better understanding and decision making. Notes: Production, means the output of E-commerce Payment Revenue, means the sales value of E-commerce Payment This report studies the global E-commerce Payment market, analyzes and researches the E-commerce Payment development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like : o AliPay o MasterCard o PayPal o Visa o Dwolla o WePay o ACH Payments Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. Browse Global E-commerce Payment Market @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-e-commerce-payment-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 . Market segment by Type, E-commerce Payment can be split into o Cards o E-wallets o Mobile o Bank Transfer o Direct Debits o Cash on Delivery Market segment by Application, E-commerce Payment can be split into o Application 1 o Application 2 Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/199714 . Some Points from Table of Contents: Chapter One: Industry Overview of E-commerce Payment 1.1 E-commerce Payment Market Overview 1.1.1 E-commerce Payment Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global E-commerce Payment Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 E-commerce Payment Market by Type 1.3.1 Cards 1.3.2 E-wallets 1.3.3 Mobile 1.3.4 Bank Transfer 1.3.5 Direct Debits 1.3.6 Cash on Delivery 1.4 E-commerce Payment Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Application 1 1.4.2 Application 2 Chapter Two: Global E-commerce Payment Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 E-commerce Payment Market Size (Value) by Players (2015-2016) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future Chapter Three: Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 AliPay 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 E-commerce Payment Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 MasterCard 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 E-commerce Payment Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 PayPal 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 E-commerce Payment Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Visa 3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 E-commerce Payment Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.4.5 Recent Developments ...Continued Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/199714 Related Report on "Payment Industry": Global Cards and Payments Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022: This report studies the global Cards and Payments market, analyzes and researches the Cards and Payments development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like: Gemalto, G&D, Oberthur, Morpho (Safran), VALID, Eastcompeace, Wuhan Tianyu, DATANG, KONA I, CPI Card Group, Watchdata, HENGBAO, VeriFone Systems, Honeywell, Data Logic, First Data, Fujitsu, Intermec, Ingenico and NCR. Global Mobile Payment Security Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022: This report studies the global Mobile Payment Security Software market, analyzes and researches the Mobile Payment Security Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like: Apple, CA Technologies, Gemalto, Google, VASCO, Chase Paymentech Solutions, HP Enterprise, Intel, MagTek, UL and Vantiv. About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Info: Name: Hector Costello Email: sales@orbisresearch.com Organization: Orbis Research Address: 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas - 75204, U.S.A. Phone: +1 (214) 884-6817 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/global-e-commerce-payment-market-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2017-2022/186438 For more information, please visit http://www.orbisresearch.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 186438 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Atlanta Debris Dumpster Rental & Junk Removal Services Free Estimates Announced (Sat 15th Apr 17) IC Media Direct - Introduces Cutting-Edge Internet Brand Repair Blueprint at LeadsCon New York (Sat 15th Apr 17) Daniel Yomtobian Announces Ground-breaking Plan for Text-Based Banner Ads (Sat 15th Apr 17) Woman Who Fell Down Stairs In Bronx Awarded $13 Million (Sat 15th Apr 17) Houston Art Auction Gallery & Custom Framing Upcoming Show Announced (Fri 14th Apr 17) 24-hour Locksmith Services Now Open For Residences And Business In Singapore (Fri 14th Apr 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Laptops Best Laptops Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks CPU Guide GPU Guide Tablets Best Overall Best 2-in-1s Kids' Tablets Under $200 Samsung Tablets Longest Battery Life Buying Guide Windows 10 Win 10 Review How to Upgrade Should You Wait? versus El Capitan Test Results Ultrabooks Best Ultrabooks Best Laptops Overall Best College Laptops Laptop-Tablet Hybrids Buying Guide Deals Deal-Buying Do's and Don'ts Gaming Best Gaming Laptops Sub-$1,000 Gaming Laptops VR-Ready Laptops Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptop Guide Reviews Popular Searches: Laptops Under $1,000 Tablets Under $300 News Tips Follow Us: SEARCH Laptops Tablets Windows 10 Ultrabooks Deals Gaming Reviews News Tips Best Laptops Best Tablets Best Deals Best 2-in-1s College Laptops Gaming Laptops Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 Laptops By Brand Acer Apple ASUS Dell HP Lenovo MSI Samsung Toshiba Laptop Finder It's Alive!: 2007-Era ThinkPad X61 Reborn with Modern Parts By Andrew E. Freedman | April 10, 2017 02:12 pm MORE If you love ThinkPads, but just think "they don't make 'em like they used to," a small Chinese company has the answer for you in the ThinkPad X62. Made from an old ThinkPad X61 chassis with a new motherboard, CPU, display panel and Wi-Fi card, this custom laptop has classic ThinkPad goodies like a 4:3 screen, a non-island-style keyboard and a rainbow-colored IBM logo, all for a starting price of $750 (sans RAM, SSD and battery). NotebookCheck has just posted a full, detailed review of the ThinkPad X62 and loved the classic chassis and keyboard, but found the 1400 x 1050 resolution screen dim and difficult to use with side-by-side windows. Reviewer Douglas Black dsecribes it as a "love letter to the days of classic ThinkPads, ThinkLights and 4:3 displays" and notes that it is really made for hardcore ThinkPad fans, rather than regular productivity users.  The Lenovo ThinkPad X61 is almost 10 years old (for a blast to the past, see the Laptop Mag review here), but was beloved for its sleek design. It's also one of the last  ThinkPads produced with an old 4:3 display.  The group modifying the X62 and selling it under the Lenovo brand name is 51nb. Its website (in Chinese) is 51nb.com, where the team also mods other ThinkPads. A Facebook Page entitled "Lcdfans" provides information in English and links back to the Chinese site. [Update: April; 10 2:30 p.m.] Lcdfans told Laptop Mag that while it works with 51nb.com, they "do not have any official connection with Lenovo. "We are just keen old-school ThinkPads [sic] fans and because of the delayed ThinkPad Retro, we decided to tune up the old [one]," a representative wrote. There are two versions of the X62: a $750 version with an Intel Broadwell (5th Gen Core) engineering sample CPU and a $950 version using an Intel Core i7-5600U CPU. Additionally, its display has been replaced with a 12.1-inch 4:3 panel with a resolution of 1400 x 1050 and the motherboard has an updated set of ports including USB 3.0, HDMI and MiniDisplay Port. It's a barebones kit, so you'll have to bring your own SATA SSD and up to 32GB of RAM. The wireless card has been updated, too, with support for AC Wi-Fi. MORE: Best Lenovo Laptops It's worth noting that Lenovo has hinted that it may be coming out with a retro ThinkPad in the near future, which could have some of the classic features that the ThinkPad X62 has. Lenovo did not respond to a request for comment by press time. But we have to wonder whether this laptop violates any copyright laws. So, if you want to order one, be careful.  Image: Notebookcheck.com ✖ Lenovo Laptop Guide Best Lenovo Laptops and Chromebooks See How Lenovo Compares to Other Laptop Brands Lenovo Tech Support Rating and Report Card What's in Lenovo's Standard Warranty? Best Lenovo Laptops and Chromebooks See How Lenovo Compares to Other Laptop Brands Lenovo Tech Support Rating and Report Card What's in Lenovo's Standard Warranty? Next Article »» «« Previous Tip Next Tip »» Lenovo Laptop Guide Best Lenovo Laptops and Chromebooks See How Lenovo Compares to Other Laptop Brands Lenovo Tech Support Rating and Report Card More Tips Best Lenovo Laptops and Chromebooks See How Lenovo Compares to Other Laptop Brands Lenovo Tech Support Rating and Report Card What's in Lenovo's Standard Warranty? Author Bio Andrew E. Freedman, Andrew joined Laptopmag.com in 2015, reviewing computers and keeping up with the latest news. He holds a M.S. in Journalism (Digital Media) from Columbia University. A lover of all things gaming and tech, his previous work has shown up in Kotaku, PCMag and Complex, among others. Follow him on Twitter @FreedmanAE. Andrew E. Freedman, on Add a comment Email Name Firstname Comment Back to top Find a Review All Categories Laptops Tablets Accessories All Subcategories Business Desktop Replacement Gaming Multimedia Student Brand ASUS Acer Alienware Aorus Apple CTL Corp. Cybertron PC Dell Digital Storm Getac Gigabyte HP Huawei Intel Kangaroo Kurio LG Electronics Lenovo MSI Microsoft Nextbook Origin Razer Samsung Toshiba Vaio Xotic PC Minimum Rating 1.5 Stars 2.0 Stars 2.5 Stars 3.0 Stars 3.5 Stars 4.0 Stars 4.5 Stars 5.0 Stars Screen Size 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Resolution 1200X800 1280x800 1366x678 1366x768 1440x900 1600x900 1900x1080 1920x1080 1920x1200 2160 x 1440 2304 x 1440 2560 x 1440 2560 x 1600 2736 x 1824 2800x1800 2880 x 1620 3000 x 2000 3200 x 1800 3840 x 2160 Weight Range 2 pounds and under 2.1 - 4.0 pounds 4.1 - 6.0 pounds Include old or discontinued products. Ask a Question Publish Subscribe SUBMIT Follow Us MOST POPULAR 1 Best and Worst Laptop Brands - 2015 Ratings 2 How to Delete the Windows.old Folder in Windows 10 3 Edge vs. Chrome vs. Firefox: Battle of the Windows 10 Browsers 4 Dell XPS 13 (2015, Nontouch) - Full Review & Benchmarks 5 Windows 10 vs. OS X El Capitan: Why Microsoft Wins LATEST HEADLINES The Best Laptop Deals of Today: 2-in-1s, Tablets, More Get a 1080p, Core i7 Inspiron 2-in-1 for $599 Microsoft Claims Edge Battery Life is 35 Percent Longer Than Chrome Now MacBook Pro Owners Report Weird Popping Sound 3 Mac Laptops That Undercut Apple's Price by $200 COMPANY Company Info About the Site Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Copyright Policy Terms of Use and Sale Privacy Policy NETWORK Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy Anand Tech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved. Home About us SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News 3D Animation Market Estimated to Flourish by 2025 3D Animation is one the fastest growing trend in media and entertainment industry with the release of several animation movies that are attracting huge audience. The 3D animation is widely accepted by people due to involvement of visually engaging and powerful elements. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/14824 These 3D Animation helps in creating moving pictures in three dimensional digital environment by sequencing repeated images that simulate the motion by image showing the next image in the process filmed by camera and output to video by rendering engine. The animation includes many techniques such as illustrated animation design, isometric projection, handcraft media trends, uniting with the reality and 3D animation. In 3D animation, 3D printing has been used to develop prototypes by 3D printers to create stop motion pictures. 3D animation is increasingly demanded among game developers, designers, production houses and others. Moreover rising trend of smart classroom among many education institutes, is helping 3D animation market to grow progressively. The major factor driving the adoption of 3D animation is the growing usage of 3D animation technology in various application areas. This technology had been widely used across corporate production, textile, clothing and fashion, advertisement, television, computer gaming, and publishing industries to effective offer their services to consumers. The key challenge restraining this market is high cost of 3D animation. It has been observed that 3D animation has the wide scope in construction industry which requires customized animated solution based on industry requirement. The customized solution providers charge high cost for the solution that hinders the growth of 3D animation market in construction industry. In August 2016, NBC Universal, a division of Comcast Corporation has acquired DreamWorks Animation SKG, Inc. This acquisition is helping NBC in television production; licensing and consumer products; location-based entertainment; and new media properties, including the company’s controlling interest in AwesomenessTV. In July 2016, Animation school has entered into the partnership with Emile Cohl School of Art in Lyon, France. This partnership is helping both schools to develop and work on 3D animation technologies along with experts. In December 2016, Next Animation Studio has entered into the partnership with AID-DCC a creative to provide real time based animation technology named as TomLive to users in Japan. This partnership is helping NASto reach potential clients and explore innovative ways to use Tom Live technology. In 3D Animation market there are many vendors some of them are Corel Corporation, Intel Corporation, Adobe, Lenovo, Nvidia, Autodesk, Maxon and others. Request to view table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/14824 North America is holding the largest market share currently for 3D Animation market due high adoption of 3D imaging technologies such as 3D printers, 3D animation and others. Companies are using this 3D animation technology for generating accurate information before the starting of final production which helps in reducing the production cost and time. Moreover, it is also used in incorporation of advance products in the existing infrastructure to simplify the work and to improve efficiency. In Europe region, the market for 3D animation is witnessing high growth rate due to presence of large number of automotive and aerospace companies that are using 3D animation technology for improving their business productivity. In APAC also with the rising investments in research and development, the implementation of 3D animation is increasing progressively. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Emotion Analytics Market to Record Sturdy Growth by 2025 Next PostNext Global Software-Defined Storage Controller Software Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2025 Search Recent Posts Global Residential Combined Heat and Power Market Share, Growth, Trend Analysis and Forecast to 2017 by Capacity, Production, and Production Value Capital Caring Celebrates 40th Anniversary UltiSat Awarded CTC Task Order to Provide Satellite Bandwidth for Space and Test Training Range (STTR) Commercial Satellite Communications (COMSATCOM) Support TriNet Hosts the HR Room at Access During NY TechDay Luxury Furniture Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Global Software-Defined Storage Controller Software Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2025 The software-defined storage market is growing, and many vendors are trying to associate their products with SDS Storage Controller Software., the customer should be provided with software to assign and share storage resources across all assignments. The main benefit of Software-defined storage controller software is the separation of hardware and software which provides flexibility in configuration and helps in reduction of costs by replacing hardware platforms. Software-defined storage will improve storage capacity, but it is complicated as there are number of SDS software available in market which leads to non-uniform standards of SDS software A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/14761 SDS places the importance on storage-related services more than hardware storage devices. SDS plays a significant role in many large industries which include Software-defined networking (SDN) as a trend. SDN provides proprietors with flexible management competencies with the help of programming. Without any hardware system, a storage resource utilized efficiently, and automated policy can simplify its management policy. Possibly, a single software interface can be used to manage a shared storage pool that works on hardware products. SDS means a new way of storage that will ease some of the network issues while creating others. SDS will make it easy to manage and store data quickly, and it breaks down data store management. Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) is a storage provider with an open SDS solution which can be easily installed and extended to grow along with customer demands. Even small & medium enterprises will get benefit from an enterprise-class storage solution that will support them to maximize the Return on investment from server virtualization in a limited budget The increase in demand for Software-defined storage controller software (SDS) in different industry verticals such as IT, Security, Healthcare, etc. globally. Vendors are delivering data volumes which are growing rapidly, using technological innovations which assist them to boost their cloud and big data analytics systems, Transformation of data center into SDDCs, Intensification in R & D to raise technological innovations in SDS, Increase in adoption of SDS, Cloud computing and data analytics is estimated to grow steadily over the forecast period in Software-defined storage controller software market. Failure or defects in data structure of SDS software solutions, Complexity of SDS for user, Non-uniform standard due to variety of different SDS data structures, incomplete data services, and Legacy data storage are the challenges in the Software-defined storage controller software market Software-Defined-Storage (SDS) controller software supports organizations to create an open group of shared storage capacity from standards-based hardware. SDS optimizes resources, lowers capital investment and energy costs by eliminating data services & hardware from storage management Standards-based APIs provides an arrangement between storage resources and IT environment. In future, the complete IT hardware could be handled and managed by software. Software Defined Everything (SDE) has become the latest development. Costly, registered, hardware-based solutions with manufacturer-dependent controllers, memories, switches and CPUs all this traditional hardware solutions will be replaced by Software Software-defined storage controller software market segmented based on application, end use, Enterprise and Component type. Based on Usage type, the Software-defined storage controller software market segmented into Surveillance, Data Backup & Disaster Recovery, and Storage provisioning. By enterprise, segmented into Small & medium enterprises and large enterprises. Based on Application, segmented into Healthcare, IT, Telecom, Logistics, Education and Media & Entertainment. By Component type, it is segmented into Platform and Services. Request to view table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/14761 Some of the prominent players in Software-defined storage controller software market are VMware, Inc. , Intel Corporation, DELL EMC, IBM Corporation, NetApp Inc., VMware Inc., DataCore Software , Hitachi Ltd., Cisco Systems, Hitachi Data Systems, Oracle Corporation, RedHat (HP), SwiftStack Inc., Fujitsu Limited, Coraid Inc., Acronis International GmbH., and HP Development Company, L.P., Microsoft Corporation, Inc. and Google Inc. The software-defined storage controller software market is expected to be the fastest-growing software market in the Europe followed by North America, Latin America, Japan, Asia-Pacific and MEA regions due to the increase in adoption of software-defined storage controller software by enterprises for improving the business processes and competence in their data centers. Germany is leading in the software-defined storage controller software market, and it is estimated to grow rapidly in the forecast period 2017-2027. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 3D Animation Market Estimated to Flourish by 2025 Next PostNext Quantum Computing Market to be at Forefront by 2025 Search Recent Posts New Study on Global Biosimilar Pipeline and Market Prospects: Addressing Production Complexities Through Risk Management and Quality by Design Global Three-Dimensional Projector Market 2017- Sony, Optoma, Epson, NEC, Panasonic, Acer, HITACHI Global Thrust Reverser Market 2017- UTC Aerospace Systems, Woodward, SAE International, Avotek, GCI Global Steam Boiler Systems Market Analysis and Forecast Reveals Growth at a CAGR of 5.30% During 2016–2024 Global Two-Way Radio Equipments Market 2017- Motorola, KENWOOD, Icom, Tait, Cobra, Sepura, Yaesu Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Next Generation Memory Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2025 Next generation memory market is leading the market due to an intrinsic benefit within non-volatile memories, use of emerging memories, remarkable growth in the wearable electronics industry and advancements in the storage technology, rise in the usage of next generation memory in mobile phones and tablets to improve customer experience, increase in adoption of MRAM and PCM memory, cache memory and enterprise storage are the drivers for significant growth in Next generation memory market A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/14755 High cost and low stability during extreme environmental conditions and issues with storage density are the challenges in the Next generation memory market Evolving applications like wearable, electronics sector, and flash memory replacement are expected to create potential development opportunities for the Next generation market. Next Generation Memory Technologies have added significant growth due to increase in demand for faster, efficient and cost-effective memory solutions. The traditional memory has restrictions because of their old architecture and increased power consumption. Universal memory solutions support various applications with the same efficiency. Current memory systems are more innovative than the traditional memory systems such as Flash Memory and SRAM as they deliver high data transmission speed, lower cost, and high storage capacity. Next generation memory technologies include advanced memory solutions and are expected to grow over the forecast period. A huge number of next generation memory technologies with advancement are projected to deliver speed, efficient and profitable memory to meet the growing demand for electronics and storage systems and applications used in various businesses. Smartphones and other consumer electronics Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) are looking for the economic advantage. The traditional memories such as DRAM and NAND are not able to work efficiently, and therefore research and development are under process for new next generation memory devices. Next generation memory used for various applications such as enterprise, industrial and automobile sector to store and manage information, which is expected to expand market growth in the coming future. The increase in demand for practical storage solutions across various applications is anticipated to drive the market growth of Next generation memory. Request to view table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/14755 Some of the key players in Next generation memory market are Fujitsu, Everspin Technologies, Inc., Atmel Corporation, Micron Technology, Inc., SK Hynix Inc., Inc., Hitachi, Ltd., Cypress Semiconductor Corporation, Avalanche Technology, Adesto Technologies Corporation Inc., Intel Corporation, Crossbar Inc., Freescale Semiconductor Inc., General Electric, Sandisk Corporation, Siemens AG, Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., Honeywell International Inc., Ambient Micro, Winbond Electronics Corporation, and Chevron Corporation. The North America market estimated for the significant growth in Next generation memory market followed by APEJ, Japan, and Europe. The APEJ market is projected to grow at a substantial rate due to increasing demand for tablets and smartphones. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Quantum Computing Market to be at Forefront by 2025 Next PostNext Men’s Lacrosse Defeats St. Ambrose at Home Search Recent Posts Global Residential Combined Heat and Power Market Share, Growth, Trend Analysis and Forecast to 2017 by Capacity, Production, and Production Value Capital Caring Celebrates 40th Anniversary UltiSat Awarded CTC Task Order to Provide Satellite Bandwidth for Space and Test Training Range (STTR) Commercial Satellite Communications (COMSATCOM) Support TriNet Hosts the HR Room at Access During NY TechDay Luxury Furniture Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Data Center Security Market to Reach $17.84 Billion With 13.4% CAGR Forecast to 2022 Data Center Security -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 PUNE , MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, April 13, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Data Center Security Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Data Center Security -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Data Center Security market is expected to grow from $7.38 billion in 2015 to reach $17.84 billion by 2022 with a CAGR of 13.4%.Growing acceptance of virtualization and cloud computing, raising global cyber attacks, and increasing data traffic are the major factors fueling the market growth. In addition, technological advancements in data security is the key factor contributing the market growth. On the other hand, expensive security solutions, data privacy aspects, substitute software solutions are the constraints hindering the market growth. By application, Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance (BFSI) segment is projected to be fastest growing segment during the forecast period. The growth is attributed to the presence of high amount of vulnerable data in this industry. By solution, Logical Security segment dominates the market with largest share. North America and Europe are anticipated to be the leading markets in terms of market size, during the forecast period. Asia Pacific is expected to witness high growth rate during the forecast period. Growing acceptance of virtualization and cloud computing in enterprises, raising IT spending are the factors propelling the Asia Pacific market growth. Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/826970-data-center-security-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in global data center security market include Check Point Software Technologies Ltd., Cisco Systems, Inc., Citrix Systems, Inc., Dell, Inc., EMC Corporation, Fortinet, Inc., Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co., Honeywell International, Inc., International Business Machines Corporation, Juniper Networks, Inc., Mcafee, Inc. (Subsidiary of Intel Corp.), Robert Bosch GmbH, Schneider Electric SE, Symantec Corporation, and Trend Micro, Inc. Data Center Types Covered: • Portable or Modular Data Centers • Mega Data Centers • Large Data Centers • Medium Data Centers • Small Data Centers Services Covered: • Managed Services • Consulting • Integration and Deployment Solutions Covered: • Physical Security o Access control o Analysis and Modelling o Surveillance solution o Monitoring solution o Others • Logical Security o Access control o Data protection o Threat and application security o Compliance management o Others Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/826970-data-center-security-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Environment Types Covered: • Cloud Providers Environment • Colocation Environment Applications Covered: • Education • Media and Entertainment • Government and Defence • Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance (BFSI) • IT and Telecom • Healthcare • Other Applications Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=826970 Continued… Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk) Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Smartphones Market Grow at CAGR of 15.8% Forecast To 2022 Next PostNext Automotive Relay Market – Global Industry Key Players, Development Status, Type and Application, Forecast 2017 – 2022 Search Recent Posts Smartphone Power Management IC Market Research Report – Qualcomm, Dialog, TI, Maxim, Richtek Sandalwood Market Research Report and Industry Outlook 2017-2022 DEADLINE APPROACHING: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Global Eagle Entertainment Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Cemtrex, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against BofI Holding, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Managed Security Services Market to Reach $47.75 Billion with 15.3% CAGR Forecast to 2022 Managed Security Services Market is valued at $17.52 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $47.75 billion by 2022 growing at CAGR of 15.3% from 2015 to 2022 PUNE, INDIA, April 13, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Summary The Global Managed Security Services Market is valued at $17.52 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $47.75 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 15.3% from 2015 to 2022. Managed security services refer to the services dispensed by an Intermediary MSS provider to preserve data and network securities. The key factors that influence the Managed Security Services market include increase in cybercrimes and threats, increasing requirement of meeting compliance and data protection laws, security staffing and budgeting restrictions on the organizations, and raising demand of cloud services. Moreover, growing applications of managed security services is the most crucial factor for the growth of Managed security services. Managed security services provide several applications to the business such as network security, access control, compliance, confidentiality, and risk and vulnerability assessment amid others. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/827012-managed-security-services-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 By Deployment Mode, the demand for cloud based security service segment is anticipated to grow exceptionally and remain to influence the market over other deployment models. By region, North America is anticipated to continue as the largest market for global managed security services market. Europe is anticipated to be the second largest market for global managed security services market. However, the Asia Pacific is anticipated to see rapid growth due to adoption of these services, particularly under BFSI, Healthcare, and government sector, on a major scale during the forecast period. Anyhow, challenges such as automation, scalability, and professional and technical capability of MSSPs (managed security services providers), resistance to share confidential information by customers, are obstructing market growth worldwide. Some of the key players in the market include AT&T, Inc., Verizon Communications Inc., Trustwave Holdings, Inc., Symantec Corporation, Solutionary Inc. (NTT Group), Dell Secure works, Inc., International Business Machines Corporation (IBM), Hewlett-Packard Company, Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC), Century link, Inc, Fortinet, Inc., Accenture PLC, Intel Corporation, Checkpoint Software Technologies Limited, Cisco Systems, Inc., Hewlett Packard (HP) Inc, BT Group, Bell Canada, FishNet Consulting, and Tata Communications. Verticals Covered: • Telecom and IT • Retail • Industrial Manufacturing • Healthcare • Government and defense • Energy and Power • Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance • Other Verticals Organization sizes Covered: • Small and Medium Enterprises • Large Enterprises Service Types Covered: • Threat Management o Distributed Denial of Service (DDOS) o Managed Email o Managed Anti-Malware o Managed Firewall o Managed Gateway o Managed Intrusion Detection Services and Intrusion Prevention Services o Other Threat Management Services • Compliance Management • Vulnerability Management • Incident Management o Log Management o Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) • End Point Security • Other Service Types Deployment modes Covered: • Customer Premise Equipment (CPE) or On-Premises • Cloud or Hosted Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/827012-managed-security-services-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Table of Contents 1 Executive Summary 2 Preface 2.1 Abstract 2.2 Stake Holders 2.3 Research Scope 2.4 Research Methodology 2.4.1 Data Mining 2.4.2 Data Analysis 2.4.3 Data Validation 2.4.4 Research Approach 2.5 Research Sources 2.5.1 Primary Research Sources 2.5.2 Secondary Research Sources 2.5.3 Assumptions 3 Market Trend Analysis 3.1 Introduction 3.2 Drivers 3.3 Restraints 3.4 Opportunities 3.5 Threats 3.6 Emerging Markets 4 Porters Five Force Analysis 4.1 Bargaining power of suppliers 4.2 Bargaining power of buyers 4.3 Threat of substitutes 4.4 Threat of new entrants 4.5 Competitive rivalry 5 Global Managed Security Services Market, By Vertical 5.1 Introduction 5.2 Telecom and IT 5.3 Retail 5.4 Industrial Manufacturing 5.5 Healthcare 5.6 Government and defense 5.7 Energy and Power 5.8 Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance 5.9 Other Verticals 6 Global Managed Security Services Market, By Organization Size 6.1 Introduction 6.2 Small and Medium Enterprises 6.3 Large Enterprises 7 Global Managed Security Services Market, By Service Type 7.1 Introduction 7.2 Threat Management 7.2.1 Distributed Denial of Service (DDOS) 7.2.2 Managed Email 7.2.3 Managed Anti-Malware 7.2.4 Managed Firewall 7.2.5 Managed Gateway 7.2.6 Managed Intrusion Detection Services and Intrusion Prevention Services 7.2.7 Other Threat Management Services 7.3 Compliance Management 7.4 Vulnerability Management 7.5 Incident Management 7.5.1 Log Management 7.5.2 Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) 7.6 End Point Security 7.7 Other Service Types 8 Global Managed Security Services Market, By Deployment Mode 8.1 Introduction 8.2 Customer Premise Equipment (CPE) or On-Premises 8.3 Cloud or Hosted 9 Global Managed Security Services Market, By Geography 9.1 North America 9.1.1 US 9.1.2 Canada 9.1.3 Mexico 9.2 Europe 9.2.1 Germany 9.2.2 France 9.2.3 Italy 9.2.4 UK 9.2.5 Spain 9.2.6 Rest of Europe 9.3 Asia Pacific 9.3.1 Japan 9.3.2 China 9.3.3 India 9.3.4 Australia 9.3.5 New Zealand 9.3.6 Rest of Asia Pacific 9.4 Rest of the World 9.4.1 Middle East 9.4.2 Brazil 9.4.3 Argentina 9.4.4 South Africa 9.4.5 Egypt 10 Key Developments 10.1 Agreements, Partnerships, Collaborations and Joint Ventures 10.2 Acquisitions & Mergers 10.3 New Product Launch 10.4 Expansions 10.5 Other Key Strategies ….. Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=827012 Continued….. Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Indian Palm Oil Market is Expected to Reach USD 13.1 Billion by 2025 Next PostNext OLED Lighting Panels Market – Key Players 2017 are Philips Lighting, Konica Minolta, LG, OSRAM Light, Search Recent Posts Geneba Announces Completion of Strategic Alternatives Process Global Ceramic Ball Valve Market Share, Growth, Industry Outlook and Forecast 2022 Global Forestry and Agricultural Tractor Market 2017 : Industry Trends and Analysis Report Helmet Market Research Report – BRG Sports, Schuberth, Nolan, Rudy Project, HJC, Limar SparkFun to host ninth annual Autonomous Vehicle Competition and combat robots at Denver Maker Faire Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Rear-Seat Infotainment Systems Market to Grow at CAGR of 24.6% 2017 and Forecast to 2022 Global Rear-Seat Infotainment Systems market is expected to grow with a CAGR of 24.6% during the forecast period 2015 to 2022 PUNE, INDIA, April 13, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Summary The Global Rear-Seat Infotainment Systems market is expected to grow with a CAGR of 24.6% during the forecast period 2015 to 2022. Increasing demand for luxury cars, innovative technological advancements, and new product offerings are the major factors bolstering the market growth. In addition, increasing adoption of smart phones, advancements in operating systems are some of the other factors propelling the market growth. However, high costs of infotainment systems, quality issues of aftermarket products are the constraints restricting the market growth. By vehicle type, passenger cars segment commanded the largest market share. Most of the passenger cars are now coming with integrated electronic wizards to connect smart devices. North America accounted for the largest share in global rear-seat infotainment systems market followed by Europe. Asia Pacific is expected to witness fastest growth, over the forecast period. Growing income levels, increasing customer spending, change in consumer life styles are the factors propelling the Asia Pacific market growth. Click here for a sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/827018-rear-seat-infotainment-systems-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in global rear-seat infotainment systems market include Airbiquity, Aisin Seiki, Alpine Electronics, Apple, Audi, BMW, Clarion, Delphi, Fujitsu-Ten, Garmin, Harman, Intel, MapmyIndia, Microsoft, Nuance Communications, Panasonic, Pioneer, and Robert Bosch. Vehicle Types Covered: • Heavy Commercial Vehicles • Light Commercial Vehicles • Passenger Cars Technology Types Covered: • Multimedia Player • Navigation Systems • Terrestrial Digital Audio Broadcasting (t-dab) Digital Radio • Satellite Digital Audio Broadcasting (s-dab) Satellite Radio Operating Systems Covered: • QNX • Microsoft • Linux End users Covered: • OEMs • Aftermarket Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/827018-rear-seat-infotainment-systems-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Table of Contents 1 Executive Summary 2 Preface 2.1 Abstract 2.2 Stake Holders 2.3 Research Scope 2.4 Research Methodology 2.4.1 Data Mining 2.4.2 Data Analysis 2.4.3 Data Validation 2.4.4 Research Approach 2.5 Research Sources 2.5.1 Primary Research Sources 2.5.2 Secondary Research Sources 2.5.3 Assumptions 3 Market Trend Analysis 3.1 Introduction 3.2 Drivers 3.3 Restraints 3.4 Opportunities 3.5 Threats 3.6 Product Analysis 3.7 Technology Analysis 3.8 End User Analysis 3.9 Emerging Markets 3.10 Futuristic Market Scenario 4 Porters Five Force Analysis 4.1 Bargaining power of suppliers 4.2 Bargaining power of buyers 4.3 Threat of substitutes 4.4 Threat of new entrants 4.5 Competitive rivalry 5 Global Rear-Seat Infotainment Systems Market, By Vehicle Type 5.1 Introduction 5.2 Heavy Commercial Vehicles 5.3 Light Commercial Vehicles 5.4 Passenger Cars 6 Global Rear-Seat Infotainment Systems Market, By Technology Type 6.1 Introduction 6.2 Multimedia Player 6.3 Navigation Systems 6.4 Terrestrial Digital Audio Broadcasting (t-dab) Digital Radio 6.5 Satellite Digital Audio Broadcasting (s-dab) Satellite Radio What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy Now https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=827018 Continued…. Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Theodolite Sales Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast 2017 Next PostNext Smart Home Theaters Global Market Key Players – Samsung, Bose, Sony, Yamaha Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts What Is Sexual Harassment At Work? 4 Rice University students receive Fulbright grants Maui Welcomes Newest Oceanfront Resort EverydayMumbai Project gets selected as finalist for Social Media for Empowerment Awards 2017 Cognitive Ecosystems of 3rd Party Organizations Represents a Huge Opportunity for Cancer Cognitive Computing Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Law & Crime Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Hong Kong delivery driver’s sentence reduced after admitting to attempted robbery of iPhones and computer chips  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›Hong Kong›Law & Crime Hong Kong delivery driver’s sentence reduced after admitting to attempted robbery of iPhones and computer chips Lau Chung-kee faked a car accident so he and his accomplices could steal iPhones and computer chips PUBLISHED : Friday, 14 April, 2017, 8:30am UPDATED : Friday, 14 April, 2017, 10:01am Comments:   Eddie Lee Share PrintEmail A delivery driver who plotted to rob a customer of smartphones and computer chips worth about HK$4 million had his 10-year jail term reduced to six years on Thursday. Lau Chung-kee, 33, was granted a retrial after he successfully appealed against his conviction in November on the grounds that the ruling judge had erred in directing the jury. During his retrial at the High Court on Wednesday, he pleaded guilty to conspiracy to rob. In sentencing the following day, Madam Justice Susana D’Almada Remedios ruled that Lau receive a reduced sentence for pleading guilty, but said he was not entitled to an even greater discount because he did not come forward at an earlier stage. Mainland businessman found guilty of failing to pay employees of defunct Hong Kong broadcaster ATV on time On November 4, 2013, Lau was driving mainland businessman Yang Gengjie to various places around Hong Kong to pick up goods, which included a large number of iPhones and Intel computer processing units. After learning they were high-value items, the driver planned to rob the businessman. Lau faked a collision while driving Yang to Kwun Tong, with the electronic products on board. He told his passenger that he needed to check the damage and exited the vehicle before two other men jumped into the van. Yang’s head was pressed down and a knife held against the back of his neck while the van was driven off. The businessman was later dropped off on a nearby street. Lau and two other men were later arrested for the planned robbery. In mitigation, Lau argued that no actual physical force had been used and the mainland businessman had suffered no injuries. But the judge took note of the driver’s role in the plot. “[Yang] was held hostage. This abduction must have been a frightening experience for Yang,” D’Almada Remedios said. She said Lau had breached the trust placed in him by his employer and noted that he had also attempted to mislead police by pretending to be a victim of the robbery. “This is a further aggravating factor,” she said.   Most Popular Viewed 1 The 10 minutes with Xi that changed Trump on N Korea 2 China’s nuclear get-out clause over defence of North Korea 3 Daughter ‘horrified’ by United passenger’s dragging as lawsuit looms 4 Woman falls from seventh floor at Hong Kong airport 5 Six memes about United Airlines incident that have gone viral Shared 1 The 10 minutes with Xi that changed Trump on N Korea 2 China’s nuclear get-out clause over defence of North Korea 3 Woman falls from seventh floor at Hong Kong airport 4 Annoyed with noisy neighbours? Beijingers show the way to get even 5 It’s not just text … WeChat’s censoring photos too Commented 1 Carrie Lam has realistic ideas to improve Hong Kong 2 ‘Beauty’ of Trump warmongering exposes ugliness of liberal media 3 No bite in short-term fixes for house prices 4 Can a brash businessman save us from nuclear war? 5 Vicky Lau shows new fish dishes she’s adding to menu at Tate Promotions SCMP Invites you to Le French May “Paris Ballet Legend - A Night With The Stars”       You may also like World Syrian President Bashar al-Assad: We never used our chemical arsenal Apr 13th 2017, 10:39pm Household appliances create Greener homes by turning food into fertiliser and monitoring recyclable waste In partnership with: HKT PREMIER World United CEO finally apologises to passenger dragged from plane 12 Apr 2017 - 2:18pm 84 Corporate social responsibility highly valued by Hong Kong listed companies Sponsored by: The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Companies Huawei chief sees no future for smartwatches 12 Apr 2017 - 4:55pm 4 China Why so many Chinese millennials can afford their own homes 11 Apr 2017 - 11:51pm 13 China We’ll thrash United Airlines until we get an apology, say enraged Chinese 12 Apr 2017 - 12:35pm 158 Hong Kong CY Leung seeks to plug housing loophole with stamp duty rise 12 Apr 2017 - 7:36pm 62 China Tsai turns to home-grown weapons to boost Taiwan’s arms industry 11 Apr 2017 - 9:58am 8 Where Hong Kong got its thing for crowning people king 11 Apr 2017 - 7:31am News Retirees to get up to HK$5,800 a month under HK$10b annuity plan 11 Apr 2017 - 11:08am 43 China Beijingers urged to report foreign spies for up to 500,000-yuan reward Apr 11th 2017, 6:19pm South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Join IEEE | IEEE.org | IEEE Xplore Digital Library | IEEE Standards | IEEE Spectrum | More Sites Follow on: Advertisement Engineering Topics  Special Reports  Blogs  Multimedia  The Magazine  Professional Resources  Search  Cars That Think Transportation Self-Driving Renesas Unveils Its Open Autonomous Vehicle Platform By John Boyd Posted 13 Apr 2017 | 13:00 GMT Illustration: iStockphoto Tokyo-based Renesas Electronics announced Monday that it is launching a new open platform for advanced driving assistance (ADAS) and autonomous driving systems.  Dubbed Renesas autonomy, the platform will employ ADAS and autonomous driving technologies being developed by Renesas and a number of partners, including AutonomousStuff, Cogent Embedded, Polysync, eTrans, and the University of Waterloo in Ontario, Canada. In addition, the platform is using technologies produced by the R-Car Consortium, that Renesas established in 2010. The Consortium now has 195 entities, including hardware manufacturers, software companies, and research institutes as members, and include NEC, Hitachi and QNX Software Systems.  These alliances have produced, among other things, Renesas’ Lincoln (model MKZ) demonstration car for autonomous driving, which was showcased at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas in January. “The Renesas autonomy Platform offers end-to-end solutions scaling from secure cloud connectivity and sensing to vehicle control,” says Uwe Westmeyer, Principal Engineer at Renesas Global ADAS Centre in Dusseldorf, Germany. “It connects everything we are offering under ADAS and autonomous driving. This will help customers to reduce integration efforts.” Accompanying the announcement, Renesas released its first product under the Renesas autonomy brand: the R-Car V3M image recognition system-on-chip (SoC) targeting smart camera applications. The chipmaker, which claims to be the world’s leading supplier of SoCs and microcontroller units, shipped almost one billion units to the automotive industry alone in 2015. The company noted that the new sensor incorporates an image signal processor (ISP), which frees up circuit-board space and reduces system-manufacturing costs. In addition, the device complies with the ISO26262 safety standard for electronic systems. “The R-Car V3M is a good example of our strategy,” said Westmeyer. “It is based on discussions we had with Tier 1 [companies] and OEMs. It will help our customers develop leading-edge, cost-efficient smart camera applications, surround view systems, even lidars.” Renesas exhibited the new SoC, its autonomy platform, and the Lincoln demonstration car at its DevCon Japan trade fair held in Tokyo on April 11.   During his keynote speech at the fair, Renesas President Bunsei Kure revealed impetus for the R-Car Consortium and autonomy platform when he admitted that it was “difficult to survive on our own,” in such a competitive industry. He added that Renesas was working with so many partners to ensure “there will still be a semiconductor manufacturer left in Japan that can supply the automotive industry.” No doubt on Kure's mind is smartphone chipmaker Qualcomm’s bid to buy NXP Semiconductors NV in the Netherlands, a leading supplier of chips to the automotive industry. The acquisition will cost a reported $47 billion, the biggest ever in the semiconductor industry. Qualcomm, which is seeking to diversify away from smartphones, is waiting on the approval of US antitrust regulators to complete its purchase. Meanwhile, Intel is also seeking to gain ground in the automotive industry. It has agreed to purchase Mobileye, an Israeli supplier of software safety products for the ADAS and autonomous vehicle markets. Faced with this kind of international competition, Renesas is emphasizing its autonomy platform as open, given that customers can choose where to start ADAS and autonomous driving development based either in part on their own differentiating technologies, or on the technologies provided by the Renesas autonomy platform and R-Car Consortium. Learn More Mobileye Intel SoC Renesas ADAS Polysync Cogent Embedded eTrans autonomous driving smart cameras microcontrollers Qualcomm AutonomousStuff Comments Comment Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="http://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a> Comments powered by Disqus Advertisement Cars That Think IEEE Spectrum’s blog about the sensors, software, and systems that are making cars smarter, more entertaining, and ultimately, autonomous. Contact us:  p.ross@ieee.org Subscribe to RSS Feed Follow @/CarsThatThink   Editor Philip E. Ross New York City Contributor Willie D. Jones New York City   Senior Writer Evan Ackerman Washington, D.C. Contributor Mark Harris Seattle   Newsletter Sign Up Sign up for the Cars That Think newsletter and get biweekly updates, all delivered directly to your inbox. Sign Up   Transportation Mobileye Bullish on Full Automation, but Pooh-Poohs Deep-Learning AI for Robocars Company abandons incrementalism, but will keep on annotating road scenes by hand instead of by machine 19 Apr 2016   Transportation Intel Buys Mobileye for $15 billion The deal rounds out two years of frenetic robocar acquisitions 13 Mar Semiconductors How Japanese Chipmaker Renesas Recovered From the Earthquake It took just three months to put the microcontroller manufacturer's hard-hit Naka facility back in operation23 Aug 2011 Advertisement Semiconductors Chip Making's Singular Future Beleaguered Chip Makers Are Counting On Single-Wafer Manufacturing, Which Makes ICs On One Wafer At A Time, To Cut Costs And Get Chips To Market Faster1 Feb 2005   Transportation Mobileye and Valeo Join Forces to Perfect the Poor Man's Robocar The one uses cheap cameras, the other is developing (fairly) cheap lidar 16 Mar 2015   Transportation GM to Launch the World’s Largest Fleet of Self-Driving Cars, Documents Reveal FCC documents reveal car maker’s plan to test 300 autonomous Chevrolet Bolts with new radar 14 Apr   Transportation IBM Program Would Help Robocars Decide Whether to Cede Control Before the car turns the driving task over to a human, it had better know whether he or she is in any condition to drive 4 Apr   Computing Mentor Graphics Moves Into Automated Driving Electronic design automation company launches real-time sensor fusion platform for fully self-driving cars 4 Apr   Transportation Secretive Robotaxi Startup Zoox Prepares for Real-World Testing Exclusive update on the stealthy unicorn’s plans for a fully autonomous taxi 28 Mar   Transportation Uber Suspends Robocar Testing After Crash The crash flipped the Uber car, a Volvo, onto its side 27 Mar   Transportation Eyesight Technologies Will Watch You Drive, and That's a Good Thing The Israeli computer-vision company will keep you safe in a palatable way—by also making the drive more pleasant 27 Mar   Transportation Hackers Try to Steal Self-Driving Tech From China's Baidu Robocar IP gets the most sincere complement of all: People are stealing it 22 Mar     Transportation Deep-Learning First: Drive.ai's Path to Autonomous Driving These cars use deep learning to turn past experience into better decisions 13 Mar   Transportation How Drive.ai Is Mastering Autonomous Driving With Deep Learning Deep learning from the ground up helps Drive's cars handle the challenges of autonomous driving 10 Mar   Transportation California Gives the Green Light to Self-Driving Cars Companies could be allowed to operate and sell autonomous vehicles by the end of the year 10 Mar   Transportation What's Edgier Than a Flying Robocar? Half a flying robocar 6 Mar   Transportation Self-Driving Cars Have a Bicycle Problem Bikes are hard to spot and hard to predict 24 Feb   Transportation Waymo's Fight With Uber Might Be the First Shot in a Self-Driving Car IP War Weaponizing Waymo's intellectual property could hurt self-driving startups much more than Uber 24 Feb   Transportation "Stop, Thief!" Waymo Screams at Uber Waymo accuses Uber and Otto's Levandowski of stealing trade secrets 24 Feb   Transportation Ford Robocar to Ford Engineers: Wake Up! Ford decides to skip Level 3 autonomy because its own engineers fall asleep during test drives 20 Feb Topics Aerospace At Work Biomedical Computing Energy Gadgets Geek Life Green Tech Robotics Semiconductors Telecom Transportation Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ RSS IEEE Spectrum Contact Us About Newsletters Reprints & Permissions IEEE Partners Advertising & Media Center IEEE Job Site Buyer’s Guide The Magazine Subscribe Now Digital Download © Copyright 2017 IEEE Spectrum Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies | Accessibility | Nondiscrimination Policy Join IEEE About IEEE Conferences & Events Education & Careers Membership & Services Publications and Standards Societies & Communities © Copyright 2017 IEEE — All rights reserved. Use of this Web site signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions. A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.
GM Hiring 1,100 People To Work At New California Research, Devel - Northern Michigan's News Leader 9&10 Contests & Events CBS Shows What's On Mugshots Connect with Us Alerts & Emails News Tips News Michigan This Morning Latest News Michigan News National International News Business News Features News Tips Election 2016 Weather Radar & Temp Maps Severe Weather Alerts Live Skycams Live Weather Stations Interactive Radar Local River Levels School Closings & Delays My View Fish & Game Report Sports Video Sports Video Sights & Sounds of Northern Michigan Northern Michigan In Focus Video Healthy Living Video Amazing Northern Michigan Homes Video Hometown Tourist Video Cooking with Chef Hermann Video Expert Tips Videos Grant Me Hope Video View All Video Features Amazing Northern Michigan Homes Brewvine Cooking with Chef Hermann Grant Me Hope Healthy Living Inside the Kitchen Jack's Journal MedWatch My North Ticket Minute Projects You Pin View All Features Community Brewvine Community Calendar Contests & Events Expert Tips Games Helping Hands Law Help Line My View School Closings & Delays Virtual Buck Pole LIFESTYLE Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases About Us Personnel Bios Reception Troubleshooting Advertising Sales Creative Services Employment Opportunities Contact Us Station Overview NMD Fox 32 Fox 32 Contests & Events Fox Shows What's On Fox Topix About Fox 32 News Tips Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY GM Hiring 1,100 People To Work At New California Research, Development Facility Posted: Friday, April 14, 2017 2:24 PM EDT Updated: Friday, April 14, 2017 2:24 PM EDT By Jamie Valentine, Producer Email Connect JamieValentine@9and10news.com Follow @JamieTV910 Michigan-based General Motors says it's hiring 1,100 people to work at its new research and development facility in California. That facility is home to GM's Cruise Automation Unit, which is developing self-driving vehicles. Right now the company is testing more than 50 Chevy Bolts with self-driving technology in three U.S. cities. GM joins other automakers, along with tech giants Google and Intel, who are working on driverless technology. Latest NewsMore>> Great Lakes Children's Museum, Cherryland Humane Society Hold Workshop To Teach Kids About Pet Safety Great Lakes Children's Museum, Cherryland Humane Society Hold Workshop To Teach Kids About Pet Safety Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 11:11 PM EDT2017-04-15 03:11:25 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 11:50 PM EDT2017-04-15 03:50:52 GMT “They're going to learn about pet safety but in a fun, informative way.”  “They're going to learn about pet safety but in a fun, informative way.”  EPA Says Chemical Leaked Into Lake Michigan From Wastewater Spill In Indiana EPA Says Chemical Leaked Into Lake Michigan From Wastewater Spill In Indiana Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 11:17 PM EDT2017-04-15 03:17:00 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 11:18 PM EDT2017-04-15 03:18:00 GMT In this update, the EPA says a potentially carcinogenic chemical did leak into Lake Michigan after a wastewater spill in Indiana this week, but not enough to be significant.  In this update, the EPA says a potentially carcinogenic chemical did leak into Lake Michigan after a wastewater spill in Indiana this week, but not enough to be significant.  Part Of 19 Mile Road Closed In Mecosta Co. Due To Sinkhole Part Of 19 Mile Road Closed In Mecosta Co. Due To Sinkhole Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 7:12 PM EDT2017-04-14 23:12:07 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 10:49 PM EDT2017-04-15 02:49:23 GMT A section of road in Mecosta Co. is closed due to a sink hole. The closure is on 19 Mile Road between 60th and 65th Avenue in Barryton. Stay with Northern Michigan’s News Leader as we work to bring you more information on the closure. A section of road in Mecosta Co. is closed due to a sink hole. The closure is on 19 Mile Road between 60th and 65th Avenue in Barryton.  Marion Superintendent And School Board Address Title I Funding Issue Marion Superintendent And School Board Address Title I Funding Issue Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 10:36 PM EDT2017-04-15 02:36:46 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 10:36 PM EDT2017-04-15 02:36:46 GMT Questions left unanswered Friday after the Marion school board's evaluation of superintendent Mort Meier. Questions left unanswered Friday after the Marion school board's evaluation of superintendent Mort Meier. Marion School Board Members, Concerned Parents Discuss Superintendent Accused of Failing to Obtain Title I Funding Marion School Board Members, Concerned Parents Discuss Superintendent Accused of Failing to Obtain Title I Funding Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 6:05 PM EDT2017-04-14 22:05:09 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 6:45 PM EDT2017-04-14 22:45:47 GMT Concerned parents are meeting Friday in Osceola County, because they say their school's superintendent is unnecessarily costing the district thousands.  Concerned parents are meeting Friday in Osceola County, because they say their school's superintendent is unnecessarily costing the district thousands.  Hometown Tourist: Sturgeon River Pottery Hometown Tourist: Sturgeon River Pottery Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 6:00 PM EDT2017-04-14 22:00:20 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 6:41 PM EDT2017-04-14 22:41:29 GMT If you've driven around the Petoskey area, chances are you may have spotted this Hometown Tourist destination. Sturgeon River Pottery is an icon along U.S. 31.  If you've driven around the Petoskey area, chances are you may have spotted this Hometown Tourist destination. Sturgeon River Pottery is an icon along U.S. 31.  Clare County Community Working To Bring Awareness To Child Abuse Clare County Community Working To Bring Awareness To Child Abuse Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 5:32 PM EDT2017-04-14 21:32:06 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 6:25 PM EDT2017-04-14 22:25:24 GMT A community trying to bring awareness to an alarming number of child abuse cases lately.  A community trying to bring awareness to an alarming number of child abuse cases lately.  Kalkaska County Prescribed Burn Covers Nearly 300 Acres Kalkaska County Prescribed Burn Covers Nearly 300 Acres Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 6:03 PM EDT2017-04-14 22:03:52 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 6:03 PM EDT2017-04-14 22:03:52 GMT The DNR used the windy, dry day as an opportunity in Kalkaska County. They set a fire. Their goal: helping nature grow. The DNR used the windy, dry day as an opportunity in Kalkaska County. They set a fire. Their goal: helping nature grow. Mackinac Island Spring: Businesses Busy Preparing for Summer Season Mackinac Island Spring: Businesses Busy Preparing for Summer Season Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 6:00 PM EDT2017-04-14 22:00:52 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 6:00 PM EDT2017-04-14 22:00:52 GMT Mackinac Island is is waking up for its busy season. Mackinac Island is is waking up for its busy season. Jay's Sporting Goods In Clare Sees Lots Of Fish For Spring Season Jay's Sporting Goods In Clare Sees Lots Of Fish For Spring Season Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 5:34 PM EDT2017-04-14 21:34:16 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 5:34 PM EDT2017-04-14 21:34:16 GMT With warm temperatures picking up, anglers are hitting the lakes and the rivers. With warm temperatures picking up, anglers are hitting the lakes and the rivers.    Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Part Of 19 Mile Road Closed In Mecosta Co. Due To Sinkhole Part Of 19 Mile Road Closed In Mecosta Co. Due To Sinkhole Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 7:12 PM EDT2017-04-14 23:12:07 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 10:49 PM EDT2017-04-15 02:49:23 GMT A section of road in Mecosta Co. is closed due to a sink hole. The closure is on 19 Mile Road between 60th and 65th Avenue in Barryton. Stay with Northern Michigan’s News Leader as we work to bring you more information on the closure. A section of road in Mecosta Co. is closed due to a sink hole. The closure is on 19 Mile Road between 60th and 65th Avenue in Barryton.  Local Man Dresses As Jesus, Walks More Than Eight Miles With Cross On Back Local Man Dresses As Jesus, Walks More Than Eight Miles With Cross On Back Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 5:19 PM EDT2017-04-14 21:19:13 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 5:20 PM EDT2017-04-14 21:20:15 GMT “I think it's important to remember what Jesus did for us.” A local man, dressed as Jesus, walking with a cross on his back is becoming a Good Friday tradition.  “I think it's important to remember what Jesus did for us.” A local man, dressed as Jesus, walking with a cross on his back is becoming a Good Friday tradition.  Marion Superintendent And School Board Address Title I Funding Issue Marion Superintendent And School Board Address Title I Funding Issue Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 10:36 PM EDT2017-04-15 02:36:46 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 10:36 PM EDT2017-04-15 02:36:46 GMT Questions left unanswered Friday after the Marion school board's evaluation of superintendent Mort Meier. Questions left unanswered Friday after the Marion school board's evaluation of superintendent Mort Meier. Vermont Nearing Deal To Move 250 Inmates From Baldwin Prison To Pennsylvania Vermont Nearing Deal To Move 250 Inmates From Baldwin Prison To Pennsylvania Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 3:42 PM EDT2017-04-14 19:42:59 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 3:42 PM EDT2017-04-14 19:42:59 GMT We have a big update tied to GEO prison in Lake County. We have a big update tied to GEO prison in Lake County. Northport Woman Prepares to Sail Across the Atlantic Ocean Northport Woman Prepares to Sail Across the Atlantic Ocean Posted: Thursday, April 13 2017 5:54 PM EDT2017-04-13 21:54:10 GMT Updated: Thursday, April 13 2017 5:54 PM EDT2017-04-13 21:54:10 GMT A Northport woman is preparing to embark on the trip of a lifetime. A Northport woman is preparing to embark on the trip of a lifetime. Interlochen Center for the Arts Summer Series Lineup Released Interlochen Center for the Arts Summer Series Lineup Released Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 10:06 AM EDT2017-04-14 14:06:57 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 10:06 AM EDT2017-04-14 14:06:57 GMT It’s what makes Northern Michigan the place to be for music lovers: Interlochen Center for the Arts' Summer Series.  It’s what makes Northern Michigan the place to be for music lovers: Interlochen Center for the Arts' Summer Series.  Traverse City Teen Will Not Face Charges For Bringing Steak Knives On School Bus Traverse City Teen Will Not Face Charges For Bringing Steak Knives On School Bus Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 4:47 PM EDT2017-04-14 20:47:53 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 5:02 PM EDT2017-04-14 21:02:12 GMT A 14-year-old boy who brought steak knives onto a Traverse City school bus will not face any charges.  A 14-year-old boy who brought steak knives onto a Traverse City school bus will not face any charges.  Former Roscommon County Officer Accused of False Pretenses Former Roscommon County Officer Accused of False Pretenses Posted: Thursday, April 13 2017 11:07 AM EDT2017-04-13 15:07:51 GMT Updated: Thursday, April 13 2017 11:48 AM EDT2017-04-13 15:48:19 GMT More accusations against a former public safety officer in Roscommon County.  More accusations against a former public safety officer in Roscommon County.  Mackinac Island Spring: Businesses Busy Preparing for Summer Season Mackinac Island Spring: Businesses Busy Preparing for Summer Season Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 6:00 PM EDT2017-04-14 22:00:52 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 6:00 PM EDT2017-04-14 22:00:52 GMT Mackinac Island is is waking up for its busy season. Mackinac Island is is waking up for its busy season. Kalkaska County Prescribed Burn Covers Nearly 300 Acres Kalkaska County Prescribed Burn Covers Nearly 300 Acres Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 6:03 PM EDT2017-04-14 22:03:52 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 6:03 PM EDT2017-04-14 22:03:52 GMT The DNR used the windy, dry day as an opportunity in Kalkaska County. They set a fire. Their goal: helping nature grow. The DNR used the windy, dry day as an opportunity in Kalkaska County. They set a fire. Their goal: helping nature grow.    Home Features Cooking with Chef Hermann Contests & Events News Tips What's On Virtual Buck Pole News Feedback at 5:00 Michigan News National News Entertainment News News Tips Business News International News Weather Weather Alerts Skycams Radar & Temp Maps Live Weather Stations My View School Closings & Delays Sports Local Sports Headlines College Sports Michigan Sports National Sports Sports Overtime Local Sports Scores Health Living Right Healthy Living About Us Personnel Bios Reception Troubleshooting Creative Services Contact Us WWTV FCC Public File WFQX FCC Public File All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Heritage Broadcasting. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Data Center Security Market Analysis, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2025 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/14/2017 — Data Center Security Market: Comprehensive Overview and Trends The data center security market is constantly evolving and the technologies involved have been undergoing several developments. One of the most recent developments in the field is the replacement of single firewall and antivirus programs with network security infrastructure and clustered software. Data center servers and other devices are susceptible to physical attacks and thefts and companies and industries are resorting to data center security to safeguard their critical data and network infrastructure from such threats. The global market for data center security is fueled by rising physical attacks and insider threats, growing incidences of cyber threats and attacks, and virtualization in data centers. On the down side, the absence of a common platform offering integrated physical and virtual security solutions and high procurement costs threaten to curb the growth of the data center security market. Players, however, are presented with a great opportunity thanks to a global rise in spending on data security, a surge in mega data centers across the globe, and an increase in cloud computing and virtualization adoption. Request a Brochure of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=14 Data Center Security Market: Segmentation Analysis The data center security market has been evaluated on the basis of logical security solutions and services, physical security solutions and service, end users and environments, and geography. By way of logical security solutions and services, the market for data center security can be categorized into access control and compliance, threat and application security solutions, professional services, and data protection solutions. The segment of threat and application security solutions consists of virtualization security solutions, intrusion prevention and detection systems (IDS/IPS), firewall, domain name system (DNS), distributed denial of service (DDOS) protection, antivirus and unified threat management (UTM), and servers/secure socket later (SSL). Request for TOC of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=14 Access control and compliance can be sub-segmented into security information and event management (SIEM), identity access management (IAM), and web filtering solutions. Data protection solutions include information lifecycle management (ILM) solutions, data leakage protection (DLP), and disaster recovery solutions. Professional services comprise security consulting services and managed security services (MSS). By way of physical security solutions and services, the data center security market can be classified into analysis and modeling (physical identity and access management (PIAM) and physical security information management (PSIM)), video surveillance (IP cameras and HDCCTV), and access control (biometrics and card readers). On the basis of end users and environment, the market for data center security solutions can be segmented into collocation environments, cloud provider environments, and enterprise data center environments such as government, banking, financial services and insurance (BFSI), public sector and utilities, healthcare and life sciences, and telecommunication and IT. By region, the global data center security market covers North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the Rest of the World (RoW). Read Complete Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/data-center-security-market Data Center Security Market: Vendor Landscape There are a number of players operating in the data center security market. Some of the top companies are Akamai Technologies, Inc., Check Point Software Technologies, Citrix Systems, Inc., Dell, Inc., EMC Corporation, Cisco Systems, Inc., Fortinet Inc., Genetec, Honeywell International Inc., Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P., Juniper Networks, Inc., MacAfee, Inc. (Subsidiary Of Intel Corporation), Siemens Ag, Trend Micro, Inc., and VMware, Inc. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in todayâ€™s supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clientsâ€™ conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth research of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious PACS and RIS Market: Asia Pacific PACS and RIS Market to Lead to Most Promising Growth Opportunities Next PostNext Global Healthcare and Medical Simulation Industry 2022 Market Solutions, Applications & Forecasts : Mentice, Simulab, Gaumard Search Recent Posts Global Ceramic Ball Valve Market Share, Growth, Industry Outlook and Forecast 2022 Global Forestry and Agricultural Tractor Market 2017 : Industry Trends and Analysis Report Helmet Market Research Report – BRG Sports, Schuberth, Nolan, Rudy Project, HJC, Limar SparkFun to host ninth annual Autonomous Vehicle Competition and combat robots at Denver Maker Faire Global Avocado Oil Market Manufactures and Key Statistics Analysis 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News 3D Animation Market: Global Industry Analysis, Worldwide Strategy and Forecasts 2025 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/14/2017 — Global 3D Animation Market: Snapshot The evolution and introduction of three-dimensional (3D) animation has given the world of animation a new perspective. The process of creating 3D moving images in a digital space through objects or models has given these illusions depth. One of the most fundamental differences between 2D animation and 3D animation is the technique used for creating the images and the way they look. The global 3D animation market is filled with a wide range of software that are used for creating 3D animation results. While creating 2D animation, techniques such as such as onion skimming, anime, rotoscopy, morphing, and twining are used. On the other hand, 3D animation uses techniques such as arena building, sketching, abating, appearance modeling, texturing, camera setup, rendering, and alteration and bond. A great deal of 3D animation is used for making TV shows, games, and other entertainment solutions. The global 3D animation market is also benefiting from its adoption in education and healthcare sector. Request a Brochure of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=1 Though creation of 3D animation requires tremendous effort, art, and calculation, the global market offers several tool to match the needs of the animator. Some of the popularly used tools in the overall market are Maxon, Side FX, and NewTek. Companies are focused on developing software that are allow customization of the workflow and comes with built-in features for making lifelike characters. Players are also focusing on developing software that are easier and intuitive to learn, especially for artists who aren’t quite familiar with sophisticated tools. Development of various sectors is expected to offer lucrative opportunities to the 3D animation industry along with creating several jobs for animators. Global 3D Animation Market: Overview 3D technology is rapidly gaining preference to traditional 2D technology owing to their better graphic quality and clarity and faster rendering of frames. As the benefits of 3D technology are being highly acknowledged worldwide, 3D animation is being increasingly adopted by contractors, game developers, automobile designers, and production houses. The global 3D animation market is experiencing a strong growth in end-user industries such as healthcare, aerospace, defense, automotive, and media and entertainment. The rising trend of smart classrooms is also augmenting the market in the education sector. Request for TOC of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=1 This research report serves as a repository of analysis and information regarding various aspects of the global 3D animation market. These aspects include market dynamics, geographical segmentation, trends, and technological developments. It includes a detailed overview of the competitive landscape of the market. It consists of a separate section of recommendations for both existing and new players in the market. Global 3D Animation Market: Drivers and Restraints The increasing interest in animated movies and games is working in favor of the global 3D animation market. Game developers worldwide are increasingly implementing 3D technology with their offerings in order to boost their sales. Moreover, the growing trend of outsourcing animated content is propelling the market. However, the eyesight issues associated with the prolonged usage of gadgets such as 3D viewing glasses are limiting the global 3D animation market from realizing its full potential. Nevertheless, this issue can be mitigated by the introduction of eye-friendly apparatuses. Furthermore, the development of 4D technology is creating immense growth opportunities for the market. Global 3D Animation Market: Segmentation Analysis The global 3D animation market can be broadly classified into software, hardware, and services. Hardware can be further segmented into motion capturing system, workstations, video card/GPU, and others. Similarly, the sub-segments of software are plug-in software, SDK, packaged software programs, and others. Services can be further divided into development, integration, training and certificate, support and maintenance, and consulting. While hardware will account for the leading share in the market throughout the forecast period, the demand for 3D animation software will rise rapidly during the same period. Several websites are providing complimentary or free of charge software such as Autodesk 123D, Anima8or 3D Modeler, CloudCompare, DX Studio, and MeshLab. Solid Edge 3D Studio Max, NX, and Softimage are some of the commonly available software through subscription. Read Complete Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/3d-animation-market The key segments on the basis of geography are North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and Rest of the World. North America is the dominant market for 3D animation owing to the increasing demand for animation content. The domicile of some of the leading mass media and entertainment companies such as Disney and DreamWorks is providing a significant boost to the growth of the region. Asia Pacific will rise at a noteworthy CAGR during the forecast period, with China, India, and Japan being the major contributor. Global 3D Animation Market: Companies Mentioned in the Report Some of the key players in the global 3D animation market are Autodesk, Adobe Systems, Intel Corporation, Advanced Micro Devices Inc., Maxon Computer GmbH, Corel Corporation, Side Effects Software, Lenovo Group Ltd., Nvidia Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, and Newtek Inc. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in todayâ€™s supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clientsâ€™ conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth research of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ryan Jennings & WYSIWYG Marketing: Reports Continued Market Dominance by the Team That Can’t Be Beat Next PostNext AudioCityUSA Provides Unique Audi Wheels for Enhanced Car Performance Search Recent Posts Mindworks Hypnosis NLP Receives 2017 Best of Bellevue Award Eagle Technology Signs New Client, Farwaniya Hospital, In Middle East Mountain West Financial Continues to Successfully Grow with One New Retail Location and One New Licensed State World’s Slimmest Ebook, IPDF Reader Has Entered The Iphone World Scientology Public Information Center surpasses its 11,000 Visitor Mark Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Silicon Valley Power Honored for Business Efficiency Efforts Silicon Valley Power (SVP) has been awarded the 2017 Resource Efficiency & Community Service Award by the California Municipal Utilities Association (CMUA). SVP, the City of Santa Clara’s municipal electric utility, won the Best Energy Program for a Large Municipal Electric Utility for its successful community program to help small business customers with a demand of 200 kilowatts or less to install energy efficiency products and lower their energy bills. The Small Business Snapshot Audit and Direct Install Program first provided a free “snapshot” energy audit with a report for energy-saving recommendations, then installed specified energy efficiency measures. Energy efficient products were recommended and installed through a third-party contractor, Efficiency Services Group, so the customer did not have to manage the process. Because many of the qualifying customers operate on a slim financial margin, Silicon Valley Power opted to provide the measures at no cost to the customer, provided the program was still cost-effective. “This was an opportunity for Silicon Valley Power to offer a valuable, energy-saving service to those smaller businesses in our community that can benefit the most,” said Mary Medeiros McEnroe, SVP Public Benefits Manager. “The work we partnered with Efficiency Services Group to perform for our customers had a very positive economic impact, as we were able to save small businesses in Santa Clara over $300,000 annually.” While there is nothing new about offering energy audits or direct install programs, the originality of this program comes in its implementation approach. The program was designed to be a high-penetration, low-cost program with a focus on the customer experience, as well as achieving energy savings.  And this program not only promoted the use of energy efficient equipment, it also achieved water savings for those customers who also have electric water heating and were eligible for the water efficiency measures. The program did so well in the first year that it was extended for two additional years (through Fiscal Year 2016-2017) and additional products were added. Information gathered in the snapshot audit included all electric equipment in the facility so that Silicon Valley Power could use the information in future program development or targeted marketing beyond this direct install program. Over both phases, the program has provided snapshot audits to 3,045 customers and achieved a total energy savings of 1,975,586 kilowatt-hours in first year savings, which equates to a cost savings of approximately $300,000 per year to this class of small commercial customers. This program also was shown to increase customer satisfaction with the utility. “The customers of Silicon Valley Power should be proud of their locally owned electric utility,” said Barry Moline, CMUA executive director. “Their leadership and innovative ideas are helping save our natural resources, as well as bringing great value to the community.” Photo available at: www.siliconvalleypower.com/svpmedia Contacts                                                                                          Mary Medeiros McEnroe, Silicon Valley Power Tel: 408.615.6646 Email: mmedeiros (at) svpower.com                                                            Danielle Blacet, CMUA Tel: 916.326.5802 (o)  916.847.8444 (c) About Silicon Valley Power Silicon Valley Power is the trademark adopted for use by the not-for-profit electric municipal utility of Santa Clara, CA serving residents and businesses for over 100 years. SVP provides power to more than 50,000 customers, including Applied Materials, Intel, and Owens Corning at rates 15 to 45 percent below neighboring communities.  About California Municipal Utilities Association The California Municipal Utilities Association is the statewide trade association of municipal water and power utilities. CMUA members are not-for-profit utilities representing 70% of water delivered and 25% of electric delivered in California. The awards were judged by five individuals and were chosen in a competitive process. These professionals include electric and water utility directors, legislative staff from the California Senate, and electric and water industry representatives. These awards represent best practices and innovative ideas for these industries. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Mini Dustbin Market 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Smart Pills Market 2017 Industry Key Players, Share, Trend, Applications, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Metanor Resources Inc. (MEAOF: OTC Link) | Deleted Symbol Global Medium Voltage Cable Market 2017 – Sumitomo Electric, Superior Essex, TPC Wires & Cable Global Clinical Reference Laboratories Market 2017- Forecast to 2027 Global Minimally Invasive Surgery Video Column Market 2017 – Richard Wolf, Conmed, Arthrex, Covidien Global Foodservice Gloves Market 2017 – AMMEX, Ansell, Aurelia Gloves Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Gesture Recognition Market : Application – Automotive, Hospitality, Consumer electronics, Gaming, Aerospace And Defense 2017 ALBANY, NY, April 14, 2017 : User-friendliness of gesture recognition enabled devices along with growing application of gesture control solutions in healthcare, retail sector, and industrial settings are some of the major factors contributing to the growing popularity of gesture recognition technology at the global level. Increasing consumer preference for gesture control devices which includes tablets, PCs, laptops are contributing in the growing popularity of gesture recognition technology globally. The importance of gesture recognition technology lies in developing efficient interaction between humans and machines. Increasing application of gesture recognition technology in consumer electronics is among the key factors boosting the gesture recognition market at the global level. 3D vision and gesture tracking solutions in gaming consoles along with 2D gesture recognition technology in smart TVs, PCs, and tablets is fueling the demand for touch less gesture recognition technology. Limited numbers of recognizable gestures along with inaccurate and inefficient systems are certain factors hindering the growth of the gesture recognition market globally. However, technological advancements in the gesture recognition market coupled with rising demand for this technology in smartphones are offering great opportunities for the major players in the gesture recognition market. Get PDF for more Professional and Technical insights @ www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=461878 Development of 3D Vision and gesture tracking technology along with growing prominence of 2D gesture recognition technology in the consumer electronics is expected to have a huge impact on this market in the short, medium, and long term. Furthermore, rising number of strategic partnerships between various automobile and gesture recognition technology companies is having a positive impact on the growth of the gesture recognition market. Increasing adoption of gesture recognition solutions in the automotive industry is one of the prime reasons behind the growth of global gesture recognition market. In addition, 1growing gesture-based interaction in factory automation and increasing application of gesture recognition solutions in the industrial sector is fueling the demand for gesture control technology at the global level. Geographically, the global gesture recognition market is categorized into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of the World (RoW). The scope of the report offers an insight into gesture recognition market in these regions based on revenue (USD million). In addition, current and future trends in the gesture recognition market are covered in the report. North America led the market for gesture recognition in 2014, followed by Europe. Rising demand for gesture control solutions in consumer electronics such as smartphones, tablets, and other devices is major reason propelling the growth of this market. The U.S. is leading the gesture recognition market in North America. Growing popularity of gesture control solutions in automotive and gaming consoles is boosting demand for gesture recognition technology at the global level. Germany and U.K dominated the market for gesture recognition in 2014. Increasing application of gesture recognition technology in touch less sanitary equipment and biometric systems are factors influencing the growth of this market in Asia Pacific. In Asia Pacific, major contributors to the gesture recognition market are China, Japan, India, and South Korea among others. Moreover, emergence of 3D camera based technology along with ultrasonic technology is stimulating the demand for gesture control solutions across Rest of the World. Based on application, the market is segmented into Automotive, hospitality, consumer electronics, gaming, aerospace and defense, commercial centers, educational hubs, medical centers among others. Application of gesture recognition technology in consumer electronics such as smartphones, smart TVs, tablets, laptops is one of the major driving factors behind the growth of gesture recognition market globally in 2014, followed by automotive and gaming segments. Reliability along with user-friendliness is some of the major factors fueling the application of gesture recognition technology in consumer electronics. Furthermore, by technology the market is segmented into touch-based gesture recognition and touch less gesture recognition. Moreover, gyroscope, accelerometer, combo sensor comes under touch-based gesture recognition and ultrasonic, infrared 2D array comes under touch less gesture recognition. The touch based gesture recognition segment held the largest share of the gesture recognition market in 2014, followed by touch less gesture recognition. Make an Enquiry of this report @ www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=461878 Product innovation and development is one of the key strategies adopted by most leading market players. New product innovation is required to deal with the existing competition in the market. For instance, in March 2015, Cognitec Systems GmbH introduced a specialized camera with in-built features such as facial detection and tracking technology. The product offers optimal image quality for real-time face recognition, while requiring low bandwidth resources and relatively little computing hardware. Companies are involved in research and development activities to create new innovative products. In addition, mergers and acquisitions are among the major strategies that are widely used by leading market players in the gesture recognition industry globally. Some major players in the gesture recognition market in North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and RoW include GestureTek, Inc. (U.S.), Intel Corporation (U.S.), Apple Inc. (U.S.), Microsoft Corporation (U.S.), Google Inc. (U.S.), Cognitec Systems GmbH (Germany), OMRON Corporation (Japan), Infineon Technologies AG (Germany), SoftKinetic SA (Belgium) and Elliptic Laboratories AS (Norway). ResearchMoz is the one stop online destination to find and buy market research reports & Industry Analysis. We fulfill all your research needs spanning across industry verticals with our huge collection of market research reports. We provide our services to all sizes of organizations and across all industry verticals and markets. Our Research Coordinators have in-depth knowledge of reports as well as publishers and will assist you in making an informed decision by giving you unbiased and deep insights on which reports will satisfy your needs at the best price. ResearchMoz 90 State Street, Albany, NY 12207, United States This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fragment-based Drug Discovery Market Covering Service Component, End-user, Trends, Analysis and Forecast to 2023 Next PostNext Ride with Purpose Search Recent Posts The ArcticShark takes to the skies for atmospheric data University of Missouri-Columbia professor receives Presidents Award for Economic Development Sequans and its Module Partners Address IoT Markets Worldwide Animal Advocates to Bid Farewell to Fur With Blowout Canada Goose Protest CORRECT: NZ stocks fall; Tegel hurt by price war Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Mobile Edge Computing Market – Driven by Rising Competition in Services Industry Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/14/2017 — Mobile edge computing (MEC) is a platform used to deploy services inside the radio access network (RAN) to enhance user knowledge. It provides a capability that empowers workers to improve latency sensitive services. In other words, MEC is a platform used to bring an IT service and cloud computing environment to support content suppliers and application developers. Some of the notable characteristics of this environment includes high frequency range and ultra-low latency as well as real-time access to radio network data, which are consequently utilized by the applications. MEC platform enables mobile operators to make an exclusive mobile capability, which helps in reducing burden on network structure and bring a novel scalable solutions for the customers. MEC have the capability to hasten the distribution of media services by distributing content straight from the base station, which considerably improves the consumer experience in aspect of high data traffic growth. This technology allows administrators to well adapt traffic to the dominant radio circumstances, improve network efficiency and enhance service quality. Fill the form to gain deeper insights on this market @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=16496 MEC is an important part of edge computing and is applied on several frameworks including machine to machine (M2M), big data analytics and network security. The MEC server would be installed on the sites such as 3G radio network controller (RNC), LTE macro base station and multi-technology cell collection site. The MEC model has been developed with an aim to attract virtualization technology to permit virtual function execution on this disseminated MEC platform. It helps in enhancing network architecture valuation and distribution cloud to further introduce 5G network architecture in the real environment. The global mobile edge computing market is experiencing growth owing to factors such as base station evaluation, growing awareness about 5G networks, enabling faster content delivery, fog computing and low latency and virtualization and server. Also, cell aggregation point, IT and telecom network convergence, high volume servers and edge cloud and data transferability are major factors which would swell the MEC market to grow. The major factors which hamper the global mobile edge computing market include lack of managerial and analytical talent as well as gathering and storage issues. Furthermore, the lack of development of new technologies in emerging markets is hindering the MEC services adoption due to absence of technical knowledge and infrastructure availability. Moreover, the rapidly growing demand for technology based services is subsequently impelling the growth of the mobile edge computing market. Currently, the MEC growth is fueled by growing demand in developed countries, specifically in western markets such as Europe and North America. The emerging regions are comparatively slow in adopting the MEC platform, and are anticipated to fuel the growth of MEC market in the coming years. Browse Market Research Report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/mobile-edge-computing-market.html The global mobile edge computing market can be segmented on the basis of applications and end-use. By applications, the MEC market is segmented into location services, video analytics, internet-of-things (IOT) connectivity, environmental monitoring, optimized local content, augmented reality, offloading and data caching. Further, On the basis of end-use, the MEC market is segmented into education, gaming, healthcare, public safety, connected vehicles and location based services. MEC is also expected to produce a new environment, which helps in the growth of the various end-use markets over the coming years. The market for global mobile edge computing market is highly fragmented with the presence of players such as IBM Corporation, Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., Integrated Device Technology, Inc., Nokia Corporation, ETSI, Parallel Wireless, Inc., Juniper Networks, Inc., Vodafone Group, PeerApp, Vasona Networks, ADLINK Technology Inc., and Intel Corporation. About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR’s data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fate Of The „Trinity Root” 9.11 Memorial By Steve Tobin To Be Decided In Federal District Court Next PostNext Digital Signature Market – Product Innovation to Be Key Focus of Vendors Search Recent Posts Montshires Day For Science: A Community Celebration Advocating the Importance of Science Burke Man Sentenced for Multiple Armed Robberies The ArcticShark takes to the skies for atmospheric data University of Missouri-Columbia professor receives Presidents Award for Economic Development Sequans and its Module Partners Address IoT Markets Worldwide Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Mobile Biometrics Market – Transformation of Market to Smart Commerce from Traditional Commerce Enable the Mobile Biometrics Market to Grow Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/14/2017 — During recent years, there has been significant growth in mobile biometrics market. Biometric is likely to analyze people’s physical characteristics as well as behavioral approach. The technology is mainly launched to support the argument that every individual is unique from both physical as well as behavioral mannerisms. Biometrics identifiers recognize both physiological characteristics and behavioral characteristics. Physiological characteristics identify the composition and shape of the body, such as fingerprints, face, hand, DNA, retina, ear features, and odor, whereas a person’s behavior is recognized by behavioral characteristics such as voice, gestures, gait, and typing rhythm. Mobile biometrics portray some of the special characteristics such as face identification, retina, voice, iris, vein, scanner, software, and fingerprints. All these functions are put into action by launching superior quality camera, enhancement in the quality of microphones, and present mobile devices introduce some common method for verification such as fingerprint reader. IT consumerization (information technology consumerization) acts as the main driver generating demand in the mobile biometric market. It refers to the use of personal devices such as tablet PCs, iphones and connects these devices to the corporate network for safe transactions even without prior permission of organizations. All these iphones and TabletPCs possess biometrics. At present, demand for iphones and TabletPCs is rising, which in turn raises the demand for mobile biometrics. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/mobile-biometrics-market.html Hence, transformation of market to smart commerce from traditional commerce enable the mobile biometrics market to grow at an increasing rate that save time and deliver efficient security relations without any execution of passwords. Similarly, increasing demands for personal devices for financial transactions safely as well as BYOD (bring your own device) act as other driver which contributes growth to mobile biometric industry. Moreover, with the rise in demand for mobile security the voice biometrics are gaining more popularity. Fear of data breach, privacy breakup, and high TCO (Total cost of ownership mainly depicts the indirect and direct cost of mobile biometrics) act as key restraints for this mobile biometrics market. There are high possibilities of unauthorized alteration of biometric databases which will further increase the cyber threats. Thus, increase in e-commerce and online future transactions will create an opportunity for the investors to invest in mobile biometrics industry. Mobile biometrics markets are segmented by end users and application. Enterprises and individual consumers act as end users. Individual consumers can make online payment through mobile biometrics without using any debit card or credit card whereas enhancement in POS process will expand the market during the forecast period. Access control and authentication are segmented by application in mobile biometrics market. The process of authentication is further segmented into single-factor authentication and multi-factor authentication. Multi-factor authentication possess three credentials and those are knowledge factor such as passwords, possession factor such as Paytm and inherence factor such as retina scan, fingerprint scan, and others. While single-factor authentication is a process that identifies the user requesting access through only one category of credentials. In 2015, access control held the major market share in mobile biometrics. By geography mobile biometrics market is segmented by North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of the World. North America and Europe shows a steady growth due to increase in adoption of smart phone devices and e-passport, compared to APAC and ROW. Due to presence of abundant large and small vendors, mobile biometrics market is extremely fragmented. Research and development play a key role in mobile biometrics market which generate competition in terms of innovation, price, quality, distribution, reputation, service, and promotion. Increase in establishment of high level vendors raises M&As, wherein small vendors merged with large one. Fill The Form For An Exclusive Sample Of This Report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=15062 Therefore, mobile biometrics can be further segmented in terms of leading vendors such as Google, NEC, 3M Cogent, Apple, and Nuance Communications. Whereas Other noticeable vendors in this market comprise Allied Time USA,Agnitio, AMD, ASUS, BIO-key,Bio-ID, BIO-enable, Cognitec Systems, Dermalog Identification Systems, Dell, Diamond Fortress, FacialNetworkm, Fingerprint Cards,Fareclock, Fulcrum Biometrics, IDEX ASA, HP, Kairos, Intel security, KeyLemon, M2SYS Technology, Lenovo, Precise Biometrics, SpeechPro, Samsung, ValidSoft,VoicePass,VoiceVault,VoiceTrustSuprema, ImageWare System, Animetrics and Windows. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Industrial Turbocharger Market Will Probability Remain Dominant in the Top Manufacturers of Auto Components Next PostNext Car Door Latch Market Worth 6.59 Billion USD by 2021 Search Recent Posts BETO Launches Interactive Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) Projects Map VA Seeks Pyxis Med-station and Smart Remote Manager Storybook Experiences Does It Again! Easter Egg-Perience a Huge Hit University of Missouri-Kansas City professor receives Presidents Award for Community Engagement Attorney Gouri G. Nair of Phoenix Suspended After Compromising Client Patent Award Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
// IP Marketing video - START// IP Marketing video - END Information: Weather in Armenia Exchange rates RSS feeds: RSS (headlines) RSS (articles) RSS (interviews) More RSS feeds PanARMENIAN Photo: RSS (photowire) RSS (photoblog) USD486.09EUR516.28RUR8.65 Yerevan+8 ... +18 C Home All news World Foreign Policy & Diaspora Politics IT & Technology more... Society Economy Sport Arts & Showbiz Overview    News    Articles    Interviews  Calendar Invalid query Amazon offers its voice-recognition smarts to other companies April 14, 2017 - 16:24 AMT PanARMENIAN.Net - Amazon's Alexa has become the flag-bearer for AI assistants. Not only does she possess an exhaustive list of useful skills, but she's also started finding new homes in everything from phones to cars, watches, little robots and even refrigerators. There's a reason Amazon's Echo and Echo Dot speakers are particularly suited for ordering Alexa around at home, though. They both feature a fancy far-field, seven-microphone setup and audio processing smarts that help Alexa understand your muffled commands shouted from the downstairs bathroom. On April 13, Amazon announced it's releasing this mixture of hardware and software in a new development kit, so other companies can build Alexa prisons that recognize you want to add mixed spices to your shopping list, and not listen to a Spice Girls mix, Engadget said. The seven microphones take care of omnidirectional listening, while Amazon's proprietary noise reduction, echo cancellation and wake-word recognition software turns your mumbling into intelligible commands. For reference, Google Home uses just two microphones, while Lenovo's Smart Assistant (with Alexa) features eight. Amazon's development kit isn't available to workshop hobbyists, instead being reserved for "commercial device manufacturers through an exclusive, invite-only program." Still, between this and Intel's smart speaker reference design, companies pretty much have everything they need to quickly develop their own Echo-like hardware and give consumers even more ways to ask Alexa to play that Spice Girls mix already. Related links: Engadget. Amazon offers its voice-recognition smarts to other companies  Top stories Qualcomm countersues Apple, seeks unspecified amount in damages "Apple could not have built the iPhone franchise without relying upon Qualcomm's fundamental cellular technologies," a statement said. Future Google Pixel phones could come with curved screens A previous report claimed Google was willing to invest $880 million in LG Display to secure OLED displays for its next flagship phone. Apple Music for Android updated with iOS 10 features The 2.0 update is modeled exactly after iOS 10’s design with large headers denoting what section of the app you are viewing. Armenia - Silicon Valley of former Soviet Union: The Next Web Armenia's annual tech revenues from some 400 IT companies make up $475 million and by 2018, the article on The Next Web says. Partner news Loading...  Articles For little painters Armenian startup creates coloring game for children  Most popular in the section Netflix's new translation test to help avoid subtitle fails Apple mulls accessory that turns iPhone, iPad into touchscreen laptop Apple, Wal-Mart to continue to fight climate change despite Trump pivot Ameriabank unveils Drops app for automated payments Home All news Overview: IT & Technology Archive for April 14, 2017 Other news in this section  Latest news Pope deplores racism, migrant suffering in Easter prayer The pope spoke of the child abuse scandals, expressing "shame for all the times when bishops, priests and the religious have scandalised and hurt" the Church. Gael Garcia Bernal toplines Alonso Ruizpalacios’ “Museum” Not unlike Ruizpalacios’ breakout hit, “Gueros,” “Museo” is a coming-of-age story, this time within a heist-road movie based on real events in the ‘80s. Hackers release documents showing NSA monitored global bank transfers "No individual or organization has contacted us in relation to the materials released by Shadow Brokers," Microsoft said. Carrie Fisher won't appear in “Star Wars Episode IX” In related news, co-star Mark Hamill shared an emotional tribute to Carrie during Star Wars Celebration Orlando. About us | Stats | Advertise with us | Terms of service | Privacy policy Copyright © 2000—2017. PanARMENIAN Network Content of this site is licensed under a Creative Commons License
Toggle navigation Email Sign-Up Contact Us About Us Republish Our Content Follow Us: @KHNews Facebook LinkedIn RSS Feeds Toggle navigation Home Health Law Medicare Medicaid Cost & Quality Health Industry Pharma Insurance Aging Mental Health Uninsured KHN Morning Briefing Summaries of health policy coverage from major news organizations Apr 14 2017 full issue Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Email Print Republish Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Email Print Republish Tech Giants Dream Big On Curing Diseases, But Realities Of Health Care May Drag Them Down Stat looks at three diseases that technology companies are attacking -- and how they might fail. In other public health news: a gene-editing breakthrough, type 2 diabetes in teens and kids and homeopathic teething tablet dangers. Stat: How Apple, Google, And Other Tech Titans Aim To Shake Up The Way We Treat Disease Silicon Valley has audacious plans for shaking up the way we diagnose — and cure — disease. But the life sciences are far more challenging than the tech titans of this world might realize: There are countless regulatory hurdles, health care delivery obstacles, and — most of all — the challenge of untangling the extraordinarily complex biology of the human body. Still, giants like Apple, Google, IBM, Intel, and Microsoft are charging ahead. (Keshavaan, 4/13) The Washington Post: A New CRISPR Breakthrough Could Lead To Simpler, Cheaper Disease Diagnosis The controversial laboratory tool known as CRISPR may have found a whole new world to conquer. Already the favored method of editing genes, CRISPR could soon become a low-cost diagnostic tool that could be used practically anywhere to determine if someone has an infectious disease such as Zika or dengue. (Achenbach, 4/13) Los Angeles Times: Type 2 Diabetes, Once Considered A Disease For Adults, Is Increasingly Common In Tweens And Teens For years, health experts have bemoaned the rise of childhood obesity in the United States. About 17% of kids and teens in the U.S. are now considered obese, a figure that has more than tripled since the 1970s, according to data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. A report in this week’s edition of the New England Journal of Medicine lays out one of the consequences of all this excess weight: a corresponding increase in childhood cases of type 2 diabetes. (Kaplan, 4/14) Stat: Homeopathic Teething Tablets Tied To Infant Seizures Recalled One of the nation’s largest homeopathy companies announced Thursday that it was recalling all of its infant teething tablets at the request of US regulators, following reports that the tablets had caused seizures and other severe complications in hundreds of infants. The company, Standard Homeopathic, said it was recalling the tablets at the request of the Food and Drug Administration, which had concluded that they contained inconsistent amounts of belladonna, an herb known colloquially as “deadly nightshade.” (4/13) This is part of the KHN Morning Briefing, a summary of health policy coverage from major news organizations. Sign up for an email subscription. Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Email Print Republish We want to hear from you: Contact KHN Previous From Public Health Bipartisan Bill Would Limit Amount Of Opioids Doctors Can Prescribe Recent Morning Briefings Friday, April 14 Thursday, April 13 Wednesday, April 12 Tuesday, April 11 Monday, April 10 Friday, April 7 More RSS Top Stories Can We Tax Away The Opioid Crisis? Apr 14 Repeal, Replace … Revise: Your Guide To How A Trump Proposal Might Change ACA Insurance Apr 13 In Remote Idaho, A Tiny Facility Lights The Way For Stressed Rural Hospitals Apr 13 RSS Email Sign-Up Sign Up Please confirm your email address below: Sign Up Most Viewed Most Shared Most Popular To Help Ward Off Alzheimer’s, Think Before You Eat Drugmakers Help Turn Patients With Rare Diseases Into D.C. Lobbyists As Some Holdout States Revisit Medicaid Expansion, New Data Show It Pays Off In ‘Stealth Move,’ Mich. Refines Vaccine Waivers, Improves Rate Among Kids In Remote Idaho, A Tiny Facility Lights The Way For Stressed Rural Hospitals Most Shared As Some Holdout States Revisit Medicaid Expansion, New Data Show It Pays Off To Help Ward Off Alzheimer’s, Think Before You Eat Death By 1,000 Cuts: How Republicans Can Still Alter Your Coverage Drugmakers Help Turn Patients With Rare Diseases Into D.C. Lobbyists Repeal, Replace … Revise: Your Guide To How A Trump Proposal Might Change ACA Insurance Home Health Law Medicare Medicaid Cost & Quality Health Industry Pharma Insurance Aging Mental Health Uninsured Republish Our Content Original KHN stories can be republished for free, and XML feeds are available. Learn More Ways to Follow Us @KHNews Facebook LinkedIn RSS Feeds Email Sign-Up The KHN Morning Briefing and other emails. Sign Up © 2017 Kaiser Family Foundation. All rights reserved. About Us Contact Us Editorial Policy Staff Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Automotive Infotainment and Navigation Market to Develop Rapidly by 2021 Automotive infotainment devices are referred to equipment which provides entertainment and information including systems for connectivity, navigation, fuel efficiency, safety and audio. Earlier information related to weather and news radio was provided in cars, advancements in electronics and telecommunication industry have led to emergence of automotive infotainment devices which address customer priorities based on navigation, maintenance, and safety among the others. Automotive infotainment systems with an increased popularity of electronic gadgets, IVI (in-vehicle infotainment) has achieved a substantial growth in recent years. Furthermore, rising consumer demand of advanced infotainment systems, global automotive infotainment and navigation systems market is expected to increase during the forecast period. Infotainment systems are widely used in automobiles. Automotive navigation systems are satellite based navigation systems designed which use GPS (global positioning system) in automobiles. These systems are advancement to traditional “dead reckoning instrumentation” system. Request to view Sample Report @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/4715? Automotive infotainment systems include tasks related to playing and managing audio content, entertainment including movies, games, and social networking, among others, navigation, and accessing smart phone or internet enabled content. Navigation systems provide functionalities such as view of the map (rotating with the automobile), distance, schematic pictograms, and functions for voice prompts. Technological innovations such as responsive interfaces, “easy-to-read” audio and graphics interfaces, and voice recognition controls are helping for increased acceptance of automotive infotainment and navigation system devices among the consumers. Other factors contributing towards infotainment market growth include eco-efficiency, comfort, and safety and security as demand for these parameters would help companies to innovate and thus increasing profitability of respective companies. With the use of automated infotainment and navigation systems, the user can access internet, and contact local destinations which enables the consumer to have ease of accessibility while driving or travelling. Factors such as technological advancements in infotainment systems for navigation (use of Bluetooth and USB (universal serial bus) connectivity), are expected to drive the demand for automotive infotainment and navigation systems market during the forecast period. With increased focus on safety while driving (for navigational systems), and high prices of the touch-screen units developed are restricting market growth. Companies are focused on developing solutions which will provide details for live traffic, and parking updates as rapid adoption of smart phones may restrain growth of navigation systems market in future. In addition, automotive infotainment and navigation systems market would experience growth due to increased demand from emerging markets (economic development) and advanced wireless infrastructure. Request to view Table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/4715 Automotive infotainment and navigation market is segmented on the basis of infotainment technologies, by vehicle type, and infotainment device and system platforms. Based on infotainment technologies the classification includes in-car audio, in-vehicle navigation, in-vehicle internet, and voice recognition. The infotainment device and system platforms segment is further classified as Bluetooth, Microsoft (automotive 7 platform), UVO, Mbrace (Mercedes Benz), and blue harmony, among the others. According to the vehicle type, classification is done as commercial and personal. The prominent players of the market include Microsoft Corporation, Intel Corporation, Bose Corporation, Audiovox Corporation, Visteon Corporation, and Genivi Alliance, among the others. For instance, Microsoft is building an infotainment platform which will be controlled by foot. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2D Bar Code Marketing Market Estimated to Flourish by 2026 Next PostNext Mobile Phone and Smart Phone Market to be at Forefront by 2021 Search Recent Posts Orthopedic Trauma Fixation Devices Market Covering Developing Trends, Major Highlights with Global Analysis & forecast by 2021 Orthopedic Navigation Systems Market: Worldwide Analysis and Forecasts, 2017 to 2021 Cryogenic Tanks Market: Usage in Storage Application to Bring in Significant Revenue 2024 Turning Machine Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2021 Air Purification Systems Market: Worsening Air Pollution in Asia Pacific Provides Immense Growth Opportunities 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Global Silicon Photonics Market Set for Expansive Growth Over Next 10 Years Silicon photonics refers to the application of photonic systems using silicon as an optical medium. The silicon material used in such photonic systems is designed with sub micrometer precision and is deployed into the microphotonic components. The silicon photonics systems works at the wavelength of 1.55 micrometer that falls under the infrared spectrum and is most commonly used for optical communications. Silicon photonics combines technologies such as complementary metal oxide semiconductor (CMOS), micro-electro-mechanical systems (MEMS) and 3D Stacking. The basic operation of silicon photonics includes the transfer of data as optical rays between the computer chips. Silicon photonics is basically an approach for designing optical devices using silicon and use photons to transfer enormous data at high speeds. Additionally, this technology enables data transfer at low power consumption over an optical fiber. Moreover, silicon photonics satisfies the mounting need of high data transfer rate and enhances the capabilities such as computational and processing needs of data centers. Request to view Sample Report @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/5930? Pressing bandwidth, cloud computing performance needs for data centers, virtualization, fast-growing internet traffic and other intensive data are the key factors driving the growth of silicon photonics market. Silicon photonics are majorly used in telecom, datacom, consumer applications (connecting laptops, PCs, HDTVs), datacenters and high performance computers, commercial video, metrology and sensors, medical, military and aerospace. Data communication is one of the major market share holders and it dwarfs all other silicon photonics application. In addition, features such as low environmental footprint, low heating of components, low operating cost, high optical functions integration, high density of interconnects, low error rate and spectral efficiency are adding value to the silicon photonics products. Thus, these factors are expected to drive the market of silicon photonics in the coming years. However, the major challenges such as technical mismatches with high volume markets and availability of substitute technologies such as vertical-cavity surface-emitting laser (VCSEL) are expected to hinder the growth of silicon photonics market. The silicon photonics based systems deploy several components such as wavelength division multiplexer filters, optical modulators, optical interconnects, silicon photonic waveguides, silicon LED’s and silicon photo-detectors. The silicon photonics systems exhibits physical properties such as optical guiding and dispersion tailoring, Kerr non-linearity, two-photon absorption, free charge carrier interaction, second order non-linearity and the Raman effect. These properties govern the propagation of light through an optical medium. Silicon photonics technology is used for providing optical interconnects, optical routing and signal processing. Moreover, with technological advancement it is expected that this technology will widely be deployed for long range communication applications over the coming years. Silicon phonics finds its applications in several industries such telecommunications, IT, sensing and metrology, healthcare, consumer electronics and displays, and research and development. Request to view Table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/5930 Countries with high level of technology adoption and advancement across North America and Europe are the leading markets for silicon photonics. Moreover, Asia Pacific market is expected to witness rapid technological upgrades and thus serves as an opportunity for this market in the coming years. The ongoing use of silicon for developing integrated circuits and the compatibility of silicon photonics technology with the existing fabrication techniques encourages several research institutes and large players in the electronic manufacturing industry to adopt silicon photonics technology. Leading players in silicon photonics market are Luxtera, Molex Inc., Mellanox Technologies, Northrop Grumman, Global Foundries, Altis, Texas Instruments, BAE Systems, TSMC, Avago Technologies, LightWire, Intel, Teraxion, Infinera, Color Chip, Fujitsu, Cisco, HP, IBM, NTT, Oracle, Leti, imec, ePIXfab, Scorpios Technologies, Caliopa and Aurrion among others. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mobile Phone and Smart Phone Market to be at Forefront by 2021 Next PostNext Drawing Tablet and Graphics Tablets Sales Market 2017 key information, Analysis and Forecast 2022 Search Recent Posts Orthopedic Trauma Fixation Devices Market Covering Developing Trends, Major Highlights with Global Analysis & forecast by 2021 Orthopedic Navigation Systems Market: Worldwide Analysis and Forecasts, 2017 to 2021 Cryogenic Tanks Market: Usage in Storage Application to Bring in Significant Revenue 2024 Turning Machine Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2021 Air Purification Systems Market: Worsening Air Pollution in Asia Pacific Provides Immense Growth Opportunities 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos most commented Coolpad Cool 1 review: This is the Le 2 in a new body which offers nothing compelling By Kunal Khullar 9   Comments Airtel now offers 1GB daily data and free calls at Rs 345 a month By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Airtel Surprise offer for postpaid users gives 30GB free 4G data via the MyAirtel app By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Fastrack launches ‘Fastrack Reflex’, a wearable aimed at youth for Rs 1,995 By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Nokia C1 renders and specifications leak: Expect a Snapdragon 830, 4GB RAM and dual-cameras By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Samsung Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ to be launched on 19 April in India, company sends out a teaser Samsung investors are worried about its success over concerns of peaking success Samsung claims that pre-orders for the Galaxy S8 exceed those for the Galaxy S7 Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Samsung investors are worried about its success over concerns of peaking success   14 Apr 2017 , 11:24 #Samsung Image Credit: Reuters Even as Samsung Electronics Co Ltd is poised to deliver a surge in earnings to an all-time high this year, some investors are already starting to fret the tech giant will soon become a victim of its own success. With a market capitalization of 331 trillion won ($293 billion), the South Korean firm has emerged as Asia’s most valuable company and its shares have jumped 60% since end-2015, hitting a record high in late March. The outlook is upbeat with analysts seeing high chip prices continuing at least through to the end of this year, and the launch of a new flagship smartphone this month reviving its mobile business after last year’s Galaxy Note 7 fires. But the stock is losing steam, up just 3% so far in April, and some investors are questioning the company’s long-term growth potential and whether it can maintain the double-digit profit growth expected this year. “People are starting to worry whether Samsung can repeat these kinds of numbers next year,” said Park Jung-hoon, fund manager at HDC Asset Management. “There’s no reason to be the first to jump off, but those worries will grow as time passes.” Samsung’s operating profit is expected to grow just 5.5% next year compared to 61% in 2017, according to the average forecast from a Thomson Reuters survey of 16 analysts. Short memory The driver of Samsung’s rally has been the booming memory chip market, with prices for both DRAM and NAND chips soaring as suppliers scramble to meet demand for more firepower from mobile devices and data servers. Researcher IHS expects 2017 memory industry revenues to leap 32 percent to a record $104 billion this year. But this growth will not be repeated, analysts say, with more production capacity coming online to alleviate the bottleneck. IHS projects 2018 memory industry revenue to grow by just 3% to $107 billion. There is also concern product makers could reach “pricing fatigue” and maintain current chip capacity for new products instead of adding more. “It feels like we might be reaching a little bit of that right now (for DRAM),” IHS analyst Mike Howard said during a Seoul media briefing earlier this month. Meanwhile, Samsung has missed out on a flurry of deals in the global chip industry, and the group is unlikely to join the party any time soon as management deals with a damaging corruption scandal that has rocked South Korean politics. Company scion Jay Y. Lee was arrested in February and is on trial on charges of bribing ousted South Korean president Park Geun-hye. He denies any wrongdoing. The leadership vacuum will temper investors’ hopes for strategic moves that could deliver new near-term growth drivers. “We’re basically going to see the chip profit double this year from 2016 and people will start considering whether that can be matched next year,” HDC’s Park said. “As time passes we’ll start seeing some analysts start changing their tune.” To be sure, no investors or analysts are expecting Samsung shares to crash. The firm trades at a forward price-to-earnings ratio of 8.62, according to data compiled by Thomson Reuters, still undervalued compared to 14.61 for smartphone rival Apple Inc and 12.55 for chipmaker Intel Corp. It plans to buy back and cancel 9.3 trillion won in shares, which will support the share price and boost yields. Extra payouts or buybacks are possible given the likelihood of record profits, further supporting shares, IBK Asset Management fund manager Kim Hyun-su said. Samsung said on Thursday pre-orders for its flagship Galaxy S8 smartphone have exceeded those of its predecessor S7, suggesting many consumers were unfazed by the Note 7 fires. Reuters Publish date: April 14, 2017 11:24 am| Modified date: April 14, 2017 11:24 am Tags: Asia, investors, long-term growth, Samsung, Samsung Electronics, Samsung Galaxy S8, South Korea, Success Also read Samsung claims that pre-orders for the Galaxy S8 exceed those for the Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ to be launched on 19 April in India, company sends out a teaser X Recommended For You Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ to be launched on 19 April in India, company sends out a teaser Samsung claims that pre-orders for the Galaxy S8 exceed those for the Galaxy S7 Samsung to test a dual-screen smartphone concept before Galaxy X unveil Samsung’s voice assistant Bixby could be delayed due to performance issues Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance #Internet Apr 15, 2017 Banning pre-natal sex determination sites does not curtail right to Internet access: Supreme Court #BHIM Apr 15, 2017 Bhim Aadhaar payments platform has potential to revolutionise Indian economy, says Narendra Modi #Partnered Mar 30, 2017 The Fashion Shopper has gone mobile: New report by BCG & Facebook #Nasa Apr 15, 2017 Nasa to broadcast world’s first 360-degree stream of rocket launch on 18 April #Uber Apr 15, 2017 Uber has generated $6.5bn is revenue in 2016, adjusted net loss stands at $2.8bn #Facebook M Apr 15, 2017 Facebook M chatbot still being tested with limited users, but is getting more intelligent SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
