Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Europe's Border Crisis Flint Water Crisis TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Politics National Security Congress White House Justice Department First Read Politics Mar 11 2017, 3:23 am ET Flynn Attended Intel Briefings While Taking Money to Lobby for Turkey by Ken Dilanian Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement Former national security adviser Michael Flynn was attending secret intelligence briefings with then-candidate Donald Trump while he was being paid more than half a million dollars to lobby on behalf of the Turkish government, federal records show. Flynn stopped lobbying after he became national security adviser, but he then played a role in formulating policy toward Turkey, working for a president who has promised to curb the role of lobbyists in Washington. White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday defended the Trump administration's handling of the matter, even as he acknowledged to reporters that the White House was aware of the potential that Flynn might need to register as a foreign agent. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Flynn registered as foreign agent for Turkey: 'shocking' 7:17 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/894792771811" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> When his firm was hired by a Turkish businessman last year, Flynn did not register as a foreign lobbyist, and only did so a few days ago under pressure from the Justice Department, the businessman told The Associated Press this week. Attempts by NBC News to reach the Turkish businessman, Ekim Alptekin, were unsuccessful Friday. Price Floyd, a spokesman for Flynn, said the retired general would have no comment. Flynn was fired last month after it was determined he misled Vice President Mike Pence about Flynn's conversations with the Russian ambassador to the United States. His security clearance was suspended. Related: Trump National Security Adviser Pick Flynn Has Medals — And Baggage When NBC News spoke to Alptekin in November, he said he had no affiliation with the Turkish government and that his hiring of Flynn's company, the Flynn Intel Group, had nothing to do with the Turkish government. But documents filed this week by Flynn with the Department of Justice paint a different picture. The documents say Alptekin "introduced officials of the Republic of Turkey to Flynn Intel Group officials at a meeting on September 19, 2016, in New York." In the documents, the Flynn Intel Group asserts that it changed its filings to register as a foreign lobbyist "to eliminate any potential doubt." "Although the Flynn Intel Group was engaged by a private firm, Inovo BV, and not by a foreign government, because of the subject matter of the engagement, Flynn Intel Group's work for Inovo could be construed to have principally benefited the Republic of Turkey," the filing said. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Priebus says Flynn 'Wasn't Straight or Honest' 6:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/880544323538" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> The firm was paid a total of $530,000 as part of a $600,000 contract that ended the day after the election, when Flynn stepped away from his private work, the documents say. During the summer and fall, Flynn, the former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, was sitting in on classified intelligence briefings given to Trump. Spicer acknowledged Friday that Flynn's lawyer called the Trump transition team inquiring about whether Flynn should amend his filing to register as a foreign agent. Related: Michael Flynn Resigns As National Security Adviser "That wasn't the role for the transition," Spicer said. "This was a personal matter, it's a business matter." He did not explain whether anyone in the Trump operation dug into Flynn's lobbying work. It was well known that on Election Day, Flynn authored an op-ed in the Hill, a Washington newspaper, in which he lambasted Fethullah Gülen, a Turkish cleric residing in Pennsylvania who is blamed by the Turkish government for fomenting a July coup attempt there. Previously, Flynn had seemed to praise the coup attempt. According to the Justice Department filing, Flynn's firm was hired to gather information about Gülen, and to produce a short film about its investigation. "Flynn Intel Group was tasked to perform investigative research for a specified scope of work using its laboratory team of senior defense, diplomacy, development, and intelligence professionals over a three-month period," the filing said. "Flynn Intel Group was to retain an experienced filming and production crew in order to develop a short film piece on the results of its investigation, and a public affairs firm to utilize for public affairs as needed. Flynn Intel Group held weekly calls with the client to report engagement progress." Even some Republicans were wondering how the White House allowed Flynn to take one of the most sensitive jobs in the government. "Makes you wonder if an adequate background check has been done," Rep. Steve King of Iowa said on MSNBC. "I think we need to know a lot more." Ethics experts say more information is needed to know whether Flynn may have run afoul of any conflict of interest rules. His receipt of a large sum of money on behalf of the Turkish government may have meant he should have avoided specific decisions regarding Turkey, but the details would be crucial. It wasn't immediately clear Friday whether Flynn recused himself from any matter while he was national security adviser, or whether he directly participated in decisions that had an impact on Turkey. Ken Dilanian Twitter Email Topics National Security, National Security, Investigations, U.S. news, World First Published Mar 10 2017, 3:58 pm ET Next Story Trump Admin Ups Drone Strikes, Tolerates More Civilian Deaths: U.S. Officials advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Hardware LATEST NEWS Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Hardware 04:05 PM | 16 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,586187.74 NIFTY 50 9,15468.90 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,425440.00 USD/INR 65.41-0.28 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Bulls take charge on D-St! Sensex rallies 188 pts; Nifty50 at all-time high Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW McAfee looks to ramp up India investment By PTI | Mar 13, 2017, 02.02 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » McAfee | Intel Security Group | Intel | India investment | Christopher Young McAfee, which has been a part of Intel as Intel Security Group, had witnessed 20% year-on-year growth in 2016. Tax planning: How to complete all tax work before March 31 NEW DELHI: IT security firm McAfee is looking at adding more jobs at its centre in Bengaluru and will continue to invest in growing local business in India, a top official said on Sunday. Global chipmaker Intel had last September spun out McAfee as a separate company with private equity player TPG owning 51% share in the new entity. The deal is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017. "One of our largest sites around the world is in Bangalore. We continue to invest in that. "We are actually adding new functions into the site there," Intel SecurityGeneral Manager and SVP Christopher Young told PTI. "Under Intel, it was primarily development centre, but now we are adding finance, IT, HR to that site as well to support the new (unit)," Young added. While Young declined to comment on investment or specific number of jobs to be created, he said the new roles will be created "over the course of the year". "India is one of our fastest growing markets. We have been growing in the double digits over the last several years and we expect to continue that trajectoryand that is across public and private sector," he said. India is "a really unique place" as apart from contributing to global development, there is a "healthy growing local market here", he added. "We will continue to invest heavilyinto that duality," Young said. McAfee, which has been a part of Intel as Intel Security Group, had witnessed 20% year-on-year growth in 2016. It has close to 2,000 people in India with over 1,700 engineers. "Revenues are growing double digits in India, so I expect that India over the next couple years could easily be one of our top markets," said Young, who will be the CEO of the new company. Chipmaker Intel had acquired McAfee in 2011for $7.7 billion to build security features directly into its silicon products. The company's business had $1.1billion in revenue in the first half of 2016, up 11% increase from the same period last year. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB This Is How You Get An Amazing Medical Alert. Medical Alert Offers Have You Seen These Luxury Sedans? Luxury Sedan Sponsored Ads This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.comMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Trade secrets of Baniyas that make them super rich From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times This Is How Much A Crossover Should Cost! Crossover Offers Why Should You Get Burial Insurance? Burial Insurance Sponsored Ads Credit Card Reviews. Choose The Best Cash Back Credit Car.. Credit Card Sponsored Ads Women Are Racing To This Site Tophatter Lessons from Warren Buffett’s annual letter BSNL offers 2GB data per day, unlimited calling for Rs 339 Coal imports for blending halves this year Alpine Skiing-World Cup Aspen, CO women's super g results READ MORE ON » McAfee | Intel Security Group | Intel | India investment | Christopher Young To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented BSNL offers 2GB data per day, unlimited calling for Rs 339 After Jio, Micromax plans to launch entry-level 4G VoLTE feature phone MIT Pune, IBM unveil robot 'Chintu' Take a look at the emergence of 'Digital Bharat' Dell offers discount for students on computers More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive: Uttarakhand election results|Elections Results 2017 Sensex|Gold rate today Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
UP election resultsAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Sun, Mar 12 2017. 08 41 PM IST McAfee to add jobs, ramp up investment in India McAfee says it will add new functions to its Bengaluru site Subscribe to our newsletter. PTI McAfee had witnessed 20% year-on-year growth in 2016. Photo: AFP Delhi: IT security firm McAfee is looking at adding more jobs at its centre in Bengaluru and will continue to invest in growing local business in India, a top official said on Sunday. Global chipmaker Intel had last September spun out McAfee as a separate company with private equity player TPG owning 51% share in the new entity. The deal is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017. “One of our largest sites around the world is in Bangalore. We continue to invest in that. We are actually adding new functions into the site there,” Intel Security general manager and SVP Christopher Young told PTI. “Under Intel, it was primarily development centre, but now we are adding finance, IT, HR to that site as well to support the new (unit),” he added. While Young declined to comment on investment or specific number of jobs to be created, he said the new roles will be created “over the course of the year”. “India is one of our fastest growing markets. We have been growing in the double digits over the last several years and we expect to continue that trajectory and that is across public and private sector,” he said. India is “a really unique place” as apart from contributing to global development, there is a “healthy growing local market here”, he added. “We will continue to invest heavily into that duality,” Young said. McAfee, which has been a part of Intel as Intel Security Group, had witnessed 20% year-on-year growth in 2016. It has close to 2,000 people in India with over 1,700 engineers. “Revenues are growing double digits in India, so I expect that India over the next couple years could easily be one of our top markets,” said Young, who will be the chief executive officer of the new company. Chipmaker Intel had acquired McAfee in 2011 for $7.7 billion to build security features directly into its silicon products. The business had $1.1 billion in revenue in the first half of 2016, up 11% increase from the same period last year. PTI Topics: McAfee India Investment McAfee hiring jobs Intel More From Livemint READ MORE Can India reduce dependence on fickle monsoon? Four-pronged strategy behind BJP’s Uttar Pradesh election victory Manohar Parrikar wins floor test in Goa assembly, 22 votes to 16 First Published: Sun, Mar 12 2017. 08 41 PM IST Editor's Picks Honda to make a middleweight motorcycle in India to take on Royal Enfield What the US Fed rate hike means for Sensex, Rupee GST council clears last two bills, caps cess on demerit goods Latest News Can India reduce dependence on fickle monsoon? Four-pronged strategy behind BJP’s Uttar Pradesh election victory Manohar Parrikar wins floor test in Goa assembly, 22 votes to 16 BJP gears up for 2019 Lok Sabha elections, right after Uttar Pradesh victory Kedaara Capital eyeing stake in microfinance firm Spandana Sphoorty Mint On Sunday Dance Dance Goa Revolution The rediscovery of kasundi First, we need to ask ‘Why’ Of India’s military exploits abroad Letter from... a scanning machine TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Intel To Increase Engagement With FreeBSD, Makes $250k Donation Written by Michael Larabel in BSD on 12 March 2017 at 07:52 AM EDT. 29 Comments Intel is going to more actively engage with the FreeBSD project and they've also made a hefty donation to the FreeBSD Foundation. Due to customer demand, Intel is going to work on better FreeBSD support for their platforms and better enable drivers, tools, and applications for systems using Intel CPUs, networking products, SSDs, and more. To get things started, Intel has donated $250k USD to the FreeBSD Foundation as mentioned via this tweet by Michael Dexter. Intel made this announcement during the ongoing AsiaBSDCon conference. 29 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related BSD News DragonFlyBSD On NVMe SSDs: Samsung Good, Intel 600p Not DragonFlyBSD's HAMMER File-System Gets Important Write Performance Boost NetBSD 7.1 Released, Brings Initial Nouveau DRM & Better Linux Compatibility DragonFlyBSD 4.8 Up To Release Candidate Phase NetBSD 7.1 RC2 Released NetBSD Accomplishes Reproducible Builds Popular News Valve Hires X11 Veteran Keith Packard To Work On The Linux Display Stack Firefox 53 Beta Drops Pre-P4/Opteron On Linux, New Compact Themes AMD Sends Out Prep AMDGPU Patches For New GPUs LLVM 5.0 Should Offer Better AMD Ryzen Performance ImgTech Announces "Furian" GPU Architecture A New /dev/random Is Still Being Worked On Latest Linux News Trying Out The New OpenGL Threaded Dispatch In Mesa 17.1 Fedora 26 Alpha Has Been Delayed SUSE Developers Publish Radeon GCN Backend Code For GCC Compiler Guetzli: Google Rolls Out A New JPEG Encoder Hammering The AMD Ryzen 7 1800X With An Intense, Threaded Workload Bcachefs Brings New On-Disk Format With Encryption, Better Multi-Device Support GNOME 3.24 RC2 Released xf86-video-ati 7.9 / xf86-video-amdgpu 1.3 DDX Driver Updates DragonFlyBSD On NVMe SSDs: Samsung Good, Intel 600p Not AMD Ryzen 5 CPUs Launching Next Month, 4 & 6 Core Options Latest Featured Articles Trying Out LLVM 4.0's LLD Linker On Ubuntu 17.04 vs. GNU LD, GNU Gold 6-Way Linux Distribution Comparison On AMD's Ryzen NVIDIA Jetson TX2 Linux Benchmarks GeForce GTX 1080 Ti: Core i7 7700K vs. Ryzen 7 1800X Linux Gaming Performance MSI B350 TOMAHAWK: A Capable AMD Ryzen Motherboard For $110 Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 March 2017 by Military News Dell EMC Expands High Performance Computing Portfolio with Advances in Cloud, Software and Systems Dell EMC today announced new high performance computing (HPC) cloud offerings, software, systems and customer success, continuing its focus on democratizing HPC for enterprises of all sizes, optimizing HPC technology innovations and advancing the HPC community. “The global HPC market forecast exceeds $30 billion in 2016 for all product and services spending, including servers, software, storage, cloud, and other categories, with continued growth expected at 5.2 percent CAGR through 2020,” said Addison Snell, CEO, Intersect360 Research. “Bolstered by its combination with EMC, Dell will hold the number-one position in total HPC revenue share heading into 2017.” Democratizing HPC to Extend Capabilities to Mainstream Enterprises As a global leader in high performance computing, Dell EMC continues to bring HPC capabilities to mainstream enterprises, announcing today: The Dell EMC HPC System for Life Sciences will be available with the PowerEdge C6320p Server with the Intel® Xeon Phi™ processor by early Q1 2017. This accelerates results for bioinformatics centers to identify treatments in clinically relevant timeframes while protecting confidential data. New cloud bursting services from Cycle Computing, enabling cloud orchestration and management, connecting to the three largest public cloud services including Azure, AWS and This allows customers of all sizes to most efficiently utilize their on-premises systems while seamlessly providing access to the vast resources of the public cloud for HPC needs. Dell EMC will offer customers the Intel® HPC Orchestrator this quarter to help simplify the installation, management and ongoing maintenance of high-performance computing systems. Intel® HPC Orchestrator, based on the OpenHPC open source project, can help accelerate customers’ time to results and value in their HPC deployments. Optimizing HPC Portfolio for Performance and Efficiency Dell EMC, as the global leader in server shipments, enterprise storage and converged systems, offers a robust portfolio optimized for HPC, available all in one place. New examples of innovative HPC technology being demonstrated at SC16 this week include: Dell EMC PowerEdge C4130 and R730 servers are now available with NVIDIA® Tesla™ P100 accelerators, designed to boost throughput and save money for HPC and hyperscale data centers, advancing intensive deep learning applications and applying artificial intelligence techniques to drive advances in science. The University of Pisa is using the Dell EMC PowerEdge C4130 servers, with NVIDIA Tesla P100 accelerators and NVIDIA Deep Learning GPU Training System (DIGITS), for deep learning of DNA sequencing. Additions of Dell EMC Isilon, DSSD, ScaleIO and Elastic Cloud Storage (ECS) to the expanded HPC portfolio to further accelerate storage and cloud capabilities for HPC customers. Advancing the HPC Community, Enabling Customers to Accelerate Pace of Innovation MIT Lincoln Laboratory Supercomputing Center (LLSC) has selected Dell EMC to install a 648-node HPC system through the Dell EMC and Intel early access program for the Intel® Xeon Phi™ processor. LLSC’s new “TX-Green” system, one of the largest of its kind on the US East Coast, exceeds one petaflop and has provided the center with a 4X computing capacity boost. The new HPC system provides the LLSC’s researchers and collaborators a dramatic increase in its interactive, on-demand HPC and big data capabilities to enable research in fields such as space observations, robotic vehicles, cyber security, machine learning, sensor processing, electronic devices, bioinformatics, and air traffic control. Peking University has selected Dell EMC to install two HPC clusters to further cryo-electron microscopy (cryo-EM) cooperative research with Harvard University. These clusters, with 144 nodes and approximately two petabytes of storage with Intel EE Lustre, will enable university researchers to map the three-dimensional structure of biological macromolecules to design inhibitors and develop new drugs to treat or cure patients of cancer and other diseases. Additional Quotes: Jim Ganthier, senior vice president, Validated Solutions and HPC Organization, Dell EMC “Dell EMC is uniquely capable of breaking through the barriers of data-centric HPC and navigating new and varied workloads that are converging with big data and cloud. We are collaborating with the HPC community, including our customers, to advance and optimize HPC innovations while making these capabilities easily accessible and deployable for organizations and businesses of all sizes.” Jeremy Kepner, MIT Lincoln Laboratory Fellow and head of the Lincoln Laboratory Supercomputing Center “Dell EMC has been a great partner in enabling us to dramatically increase the capabilities of our supercomputing center. The Dell HPC team was very knowledgeable and responsive and able to deliver, install, and benchmark our Petaflop-scale system in less than a month. This was a great example of a well-coordinated and dedicated organization that was able to allocate the appropriate resources to exceed customer expectations.” Dr. Youdong “Jack” Mao, Assistant Professor of Biophysics, Peking University “The HPC clusters from Dell EMC are critical to our research missions that highly depend on the analysis of big data generated from highly automated cryo-electron microscopes. The HPC systems facilitate the development of state-of-the-art algorithms in pursuit of structural solutions to those grand biomedical problems, which would deliver innovations in cancer immunotherapy and precision medicine.” Jason Stowe, CEO, Cycle Computing “Hybrid solutions are the future for HPC customers and teaming with Dell EMC to meet that need is very exciting. The Dell EMC team clearly understands this market and their customers. With their unique insight, we believe our combined forces will deliver real value to customers, enabling them to significantly reduce their queue times, instant access to increased capacity when needed, and the ability to easily manage it all.” Charles Wuischpard, vice president, Data Center Group, Intel “We’re entering an era where personalized medicine can help to save and improve lives like never before. We continue to collaborate with Dell on bringing Intel Scalable System Framework based clusters to market, and the Dell EMC PowerEdge C6320p server, based on Intel Xeon Phi processor, Intel® HPC Orchestrator, and Intel Omni-path Architecture fabric, will help customers solve some of the most important life science and deep learning challenges.” Ian Buck, vice president of accelerated computing, NVIDIA “The NVIDIA Tesla P100 is the most powerful GPU accelerator ever built for high performance computing, big data analytics and artificial intelligence. We are working with Dell EMC to target some of the world’s most complex visual computing problems in life sciences, research, and A.I. and the PowerEdge C4130 and R730 servers were built to supercharge these applications.” Additional Resources: About Dell EMC Dell EMC, a part of Dell Technologies, enables organizations to modernize, automate and transform their data center using industry-leading converged infrastructure, servers, storage and data protection technologies.  This provides a trusted foundation for businesses to transform IT, through the creation of a hybrid cloud, and transform their business through the creation of cloud-native applications and big data solutions.  Dell EMC services its customers – including 98 percent of the Fortune 500 – with the industry’s broadest, most innovative infrastructure portfolio from edge to core to cloud. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, Arts, Business, Computing, Culture, Industry, intelligence, Markets, Science, Space, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dell EMC ScaleIO Awarded StorageReview’s Inaugural Editor’s Choice Award Next PostNext Dell EMC Accelerates “Data Protection Everywhere” Strategy with New Solutions Running on Amazon Web Services Search Recent Posts AJC Statement on President Trump’s 2018 Budget Proposal Interview with David Koch Cloudbric Announces Major IDC Expansion Into US, Europe, and Southeast Asia Secretary Perry Statement on the Budget Blueprint Secretary Perry Statement on the Budget Blueprint Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 March 2017 by Military News Microsoft empowers new development opportunities in mixed reality, gaming and cellular PCs SHENZHEN, China — Dec. 8, 2016 — Thursday, at the Windows Hardware Engineering Community event (WinHEC) in Shenzhen, China, Microsoft Corp. announced new opportunities for global partners to innovate with Windows 10. Terry Myerson, executive vice president, Windows and Devices Group, Microsoft, was joined on stage in Shenzhen by Navin Shenoy, senior vice president and general manager for the Client Computing Group, Intel Corporation, and Cristiano Amon, executive vice president, Qualcomm Technologies Inc., and president of Qualcomm CDMA Technologies. Together, the companies showcased new ways for partners to build modern devices that will empower the next generation of creators. “I feel energized to be among this community of hardware engineering creators at WinHEC, who are building the next generation of modern, secure PCs that support innovative mixed-reality, gaming and mobile experiences,” Myerson said. “With the Windows 10 Creators Update and our partnerships with Qualcomm and Intel, we can build technology that serves all of us by ensuring there are devices for the creator in each of us.” A new wave of modern PCs Microsoft announced its latest collaboration with Intel, code-named “Project Evo.” With “Project Evo,” Microsoft and Intel will deliver all-new ways for devices to light up with the latest in advanced security, artificial intelligence and Cortana, mixed reality, and gaming. Through this collaboration, devices of the future will leverage Microsoft and Intel innovations, including the following: Far-field speech communications so you can ask Cortana a question or play a song from across the room. The latest security capabilities to protect devices from malware and hacking threats, advances in biometric authentication with Windows Hello, sophisticated insights from Microsoft’s Intelligent Security Graph, and additional world-class security intelligence and analytics from Intel. Mixed-reality experiences for everyone through affordable PCs and head-mounted displays (HMDs) that blend the physical and virtual realities in ways no other platform can. Gaming innovations like eSports, game broadcasting, and support for 4K, High Dynamic Range (HDR), Wide Color Gamut (WCG), spatial audio, and Xbox controllers with native Bluetooth. Together, our work will extend these experiences to hundreds of millions of PC and HMD customers and raise the bar for what’s possible with Windows PCs. Making mixed reality mainstream Submitted Microsoft HoloLens for government approval in China for availability to developers and commercial customers here in the first half of 2017. Shared the specifications that we co-developed with Intel for PCs that will power the first headsets capable of mixed reality. HMDs from Acer, ASUS, Dell, HP and Lenovo will be available next year. Joining these partners, 3Glasses, the leading China-based hardware developer for HMDs, will bring the Windows 10 experience to its S1 device in the first half of 2017, reaching more than 5 million monthly active customers in China. Customers will gain access to mixed-reality content: More than 20,000 universal Windows apps in the catalog 3-D objects from the web using Microsoft Edge to drag and drop into their physical world Immersive WebVR content via Microsoft Edge 360-degree videos available for the first time in the Microsoft Movies & TV app As well, HMD developer kits will become available to developers at the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco. Windows with cellular connectivity In future Windows 10 updates, Microsoft will enable connectivity that is always within reach. Customers will be able to easily buy data directly from the Windows Store and be in control of how they use Wi-Fi and cellular networks, consume data, and manage costs. Partners will be able to build always-connected devices without hindering form-factor design.  Specifically, partners can take advantage of eSIM technology to build devices without an exposed SIM slot, making it easier for people to activate a data plan right on their device. To deliver on customers’ growing need to create on the go, Microsoft announced that Windows 10 is coming to ARM architecture through a partnership with Qualcomm. For the first time, customers will be able to experience the Windows they know with the apps, peripherals and enterprise capabilities they require, on a truly mobile, power-efficient, always-connected cellular PC. Hardware partners will be able to build a range of new Qualcomm Snapdragon-powered Windows 10 PCs that run x86 Win32 and universal Windows apps, including Adobe Photoshop, Microsoft Office and popular Windows games. These new devices are expected to be in market as early as next year. Microsoft (Nasdaq “MSFT” @microsoft) is the leading platform and productivity company for the mobile-first, cloud-first world, and its mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more.  Note to editors: For more information, news and perspectives from Microsoft, please visit the Microsoft News Center at http://news.microsoft.com. Web links, telephone numbers and titles were correct at time of publication, but may have changed. For additional assistance, journalists and analysts may contact Microsoft’s Rapid Response Team or other appropriate contacts listed at http://news.microsoft.com/microsoft-public-relations-contacts. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Computing, general, intelligence, Markets, Movies, Press Releases, Technology, TV, Video Games, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Microsoft, NXP Semiconductors, IAV and auto mobility partners showcase innovations for safe, secure and personalized automated driving at CES 2017 Next PostNext Microsoft offers grants to organizations working to improve affordable internet access Search Recent Posts SelectCore Ltd. Served With Statements of Claim Remarks by President Trump and Taoiseach Enda Kenny of Ireland at Friends of Ireland Luncheon ICYMI: The Health Secretary, on the Republican Bill President Donald J. Trump Approves California Disaster Declaration Second Lady Karen Pence to Lead Presidential Delegation to the Special Olympics World Winter Games Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Veterans Resources VA Benefits Jobs for Veterans Jobs News for Veterans Short Term Personal Loans Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) Medical & Health VT Cancer Foundation Forum RSS Feed Newsletter Sign-Up Apps VT APP (Android) VT App (Iphone) VT Radio App (Android) VT Radio App (Iphone) VT LIve & Net Radio YouTube ITunes Sound Cloud Android Devices Social Networks Facebook Google + Twitter Help Desk Submit Support Ticket Vladimir Putin We have one Fatherland, one people and a common future Home Government & Politics Civil Liberties & Freedom Corruption Democracy & Elections Foreign Policy Legislation Veterans Administration (VA) History Civil War (1861-1865) Cold War (1947-1991) Gulf War (1990-1991) Iraq War (2003-2011) Korean War (1950-1953) Libyan Civil War (2011-2014) Vietnam War (1955-1975) World War I (1914-1918) World War II (1939-1945) Investigations 9/11 Holocaust JFK Assassination Paris Attacks 2015 Sandy Hook Life Art, Books, & Entertainment Food, Wine & Travel Charities, Giving & Foundations Economy & Business Health Agent Orange Coping Gulf War Illness (GWI) PTSD Heroes Of Interest Education Environment Humor Peace, Causes & Activism Religion Veteran Service Organizations (VSO's) Media Military WarZone Afghanistan War Drug War New World Order War Ukraine Wars War in Syria World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Russia Business Directory Editorial Board-Staff Books Custom Weapons Apps Polls Job Center Contact Comment Policy Write for VT About Us Advertise Legal Notice Search NEO – UN Report on Syrian War Crimes is a Bad Joke Trump, Flynn and the Trifecta of Deception Iran and Turkey Split on Syria Israel: Top Trump aide a sworn member of Nazi-allied group Analysis: Geopolitical Standoff In Post-ISIS Middle East Imran Khan’s PTI: The New Face of Liberal Nationalism What Russian army can do to Ukraine in case of war ‘Never trust Russia,’ says new US ambassador to UN ‹ › Ian Greenhalgh is a photographer and historian with a particular interest in military history and the real causes of conflicts. His studies in history and background in the media industry have given him a keen insight into the use of mass media as a creator of conflict in the modern world. His favored areas of study include state sponsored terrorism, media manufactured reality and the role of intelligence services in manipulation of populations and the perception of events. View Latest Posts >>> Questions surround Turkish businessman at center of Flynn controversy By Ian Greenhalgh on March 11, 2017 Questions surround Turkish businessman at center of Flynn controversy “Flynn must have known what he was getting himself into.”  … from Al-Monitor Turkish businessman Ekim Alptekin [ Editor’s Note: This is a short seminar on lobbying versus espionage. Listen carefully. No government pays out sums like a half million dollars, even through a middleman corporation, for open source intelligence to be done via a former NSA director. The idea of it in this case was ludicrous. Turkey has a huge espionage operation in the US, with fingers deep into the business community as its primary operational blind, as you see in this case, with tons of money available, which draws the flies. Turkey has a huge already trained staff to provide “open sourced Intel”. So the only reason they lay out this kind of money to people at Flynn’s level is because they know they have access to classified information. In Flynn’s case it was the current briefings that the Trump transition team got in December, where everything in it was classified and current, which is why Turkey wanted it. What they were buying is a guy that felt would be beyond suspicion. And I am sorry to say that there is always a pool of such people putting themselves on the market for such activity when administrations change as prosecution for doing this historically have been zero to my knowledge. It is looked upon as “free money”. An “appointment” with a former top security security or law enforcement person generally runs in the $100,000 range. No one is looking for open source Intel. Flynn was a bonus for them as he just subbed the work out to a quickly assembled crew he had put together, might I say a Santa Claus endeavor where the money gets shared around among those willing to be players and are always at the ready. And lastly, and this is the worst part…there is a sad long history of high US officials involved in espionage, particularly for “allied countries”  [ Israel is the top of the pile], working on the deferred compensation program. While on the government payroll they work for free and then seem to enjoy miraculously appearing  board memberships and consulting contracts when they “retire”, leaving a paper trail of semi-worthless “open source” work product and sub contractors to prove some work has been done. And yes, there is a slew of attorneys in Washington, also very expensive, who have structured these kinds of deals to pass being prosecuted, but not necessarily the smell test. While at a certain level CIA people are regularly poylgraphed about their current activities, I am not aware of ex-high government officials who are, which is why they are so highly sought after. If you were to ask me how much I would bet that Ekim Alptekin was a Turkish Intelligence agent I would say everything that I own. Dear Mr. Alptekin, next time you have a half million dollar open source Intel job on the table, Gordon and I will bid half that, plus pay for lunch. As Gordon does so love to say, “Welcome to how the world really works.”… Jim W. Dean ] ____________ The man in the middle, Flynn, Ekim Alptekin, Erdogan Michael Flynn, President Donald Trump’s short-lived former national security adviser whose contacts with Russia cost him his job, is embroiled in a fresh controversy after telling the Justice Department that his consulting firm, Flynn Intel Group, was hired by a Turkish businessman to do work that “could be construed to have principally benefited the Republic of Turkey.” The retired general’s decision to provide details of the relationship to the department under the Foreign Agents Registration Act (FARA) stressing that his firm had not received any payment from the government of Turkey was apparently calculated to pre-empt any suggestion of wrongdoing. But it has had the opposite effect. Vice President Mike Pence told Fox News that it was the first he had heard of the former National Security Agency chief’s Turkey ties. “I think it’s an affirmation of the president’s decision to ask Gen. Flynn to resign,” he said. Media coverage of the affair hints at collusion between Turkish businessman Ekim Alptekin, his Netherlands-based company Inovo BV and the Turkish government. Some of Turkey’s Justice and Development Party critics charge that the Turkish government, not Alptekin, financed Flynn. Fethullah Gulen Alptekin’s initial comments via Twitter didn’t help. He said he had not hired Flynn to do any lobbying. But his denials appeared to contradict Flynn Intel Group’s disclosures to the Justice Department. These include a Sept. 19 meeting in New York City arranged by Alptekin between Flynn, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu and Energy Minister Berat Albayrak, who is Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s son-in-law. In its filing, Flynn Intel Group said it “conducted open-source research for Inovo and at Inovo’s direction. The research, which was conducted by independent contractors retained for this purpose, focused on Mr. Fethullah Gulen and charter schools in the United States that are associated with, or allegedly associated with, Mr. Gulen.” Gulen is the Pennsylvania-based Sunni cleric Turkey formally accuses of masterminding the failed July 15 coup. Turkey is demanding Gulen’s extradition and has mounted an all-out campaign to prove his guilt. Over the past few months, former Turkish generals, journalists and others have helped press the government’s case at assorted Washington panels against what it calls the Fethullah Gulen Terror Organization. It would hardly be surprising, therefore, that Turkey would engage DC lobbyists to help out, and it did: Amsterdam & Partners LLP, which announced the deal amid much fanfare at the National Press Club last year. But if Turkey wanted to retain Flynn’s services as well, why would it go through Alptekin’s company instead of doing so directly itself? A lawyer in Washington with intimate knowledge of the lobbying business said it would have “every reason to do so.” Speaking to Al-Monitor on condition of anonymity, the lawyer said, “Lobbying funded by a private individual is far more subtle and effective, because when governments do the funding, the contractor is required by law to do a FARA filing with the Justice Department and anything positive you have to say about the foreign government then sounds like what it really is: propaganda.” These “business councils” are major intelligence corridors But Alptekin emphatically denies using Turkish government funds to pay Flynn. In a telephone interview with Al-Monitor, he said his arrangements with Flynn were being distorted. “I did not hire Flynn to do lobbying,” he insisted. So what had he hired him for? Alptekin said he hired Flynn’s company “principally to produce geopolitical analysis on Turkey and the region.” This was because Inovo had been hired by “a regional energy company that is considering an investment in Turkey” to do the analysis. But the company had not been happy with their product, so he turned to Flynn. Alptekin said he was bound by a nondisclosure clause in his contract with the regional energy company to not identify it by name — nor could he divulge the nature of its investment, which would potentially be “huge.” Alptekin said, “Raising money for a multi-billion project of this scope necessitates improving relations between Turkey and the United States, and Gulen is obviously a big thorn. He needs to be extracted.” Alptekin, who is the president of the Turkish American Business Council, said he was a “Turkish patriot” who had commercial interests in the United States. Alptekin therefore had “a personal stake in seeing the relationship heal,” and this was part of his motivation in hiring Flynn. Thus, in the course of his negotiations with Flynn Intel Group, “the need for a lobbying and PR component was agreed upon but never executed, which is why I reclaimed and they reimbursed some $95,000,” he said. At a certain level a pile of cash like this is one notch above confetti Alptekin revealed that he had signed a three-month contract with Flynn in late August 2016 and had paid his firm a total of $450,000. “I was very satisfied with the analysis reporting part of the project; I got my money’s worth,” he noted. The money to pay Flynn had come from Inovo and “partly” from his own accounts. Alptekin admitted to seeing the draft of a controversial article in which Flynn called for Gulen to be extradited. He had earlier denied being consulted about it prior to its publication, but he said he had not had any influence over its final version and that he had not commissioned it. Published on Nov. 8, Flynn’s essay drew ill-informed parallels between Gulen and the Muslim Brotherhood. “Anyone who knows anything about Turkey would know that the government would hate its worst enemy [Gulen] being likened to a group [the Muslim Brotherhood] that it views with sympathy,” he said. Alptekin repeated earlier assertions he made to various media outlets that the New York meeting between Flynn and the Turkish ministers was “a last minute thing” and that he had arranged it not in his capacity as Flynn’s business associate, but rather “wearing my Turkish American Business Council president’s hat.” Gulen and the US alliance with the Syrian Kurdish People’s Protection Units in its fight against Islamic State militants in Syria, which Turkey is deeply unhappy about, had come up during the conversation.___ “The Turkish side did most of the talking,” Alptekin recalled. He insisted, however, that Flynn’s encounter with the Turkish officials was a one-off thing, and that he had played no role in a breakfast meeting between Cavusoglu and Flynn in Washington, which took place immediately after Trump’s inauguration while Flynn was still in office. A Washington-based consultant familiar with Turkish lobbying efforts said that “Alptekin is known as a risk taker. He’s smart, he’s ambitious and he plays big. Sometimes he wins; other times, not. But if there is any impropriety in this affair, the principle responsibility lies with Flynn.” The consultant, who declined to be identified by name because of the delicate nature of the issue, added, “Flynn must have known what he was getting himself into.” As for Alptekin, things seem to have gone very wrong this time. The 40-year-old, who made his first million in his early 30s, said he had “bragged” to the regional energy company about his relationship with Flynn. “But they let go of me three weeks ago — probably because of all of this.” ____________ Related Posts: Trump, Flynn and the Trifecta of Deception Breaking: Turkey’s Spy Agency Paid General Flynn to Fake Clinton Email Coverup Scandal Super Vetter Fail: A Turkish Spy in the White House? Syria Blocks Turkish Backed Militants, or are they maybe ISIS? NEO – Does Flynn Exit Aid World Peace? The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Ian Greenhalgh on March 11, 2017, With 974 Reads Filed under Government & Politics. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 3 Responses to "Questions surround Turkish businessman at center of Flynn controversy" LC  March 13, 2017 at 7:50 pm Super-Sewer Flynn is now registered as a foreign spy but the bigger spies yet aint!!!! Like::::: Kushner + Ivanka + whole Trump Cabinet ++ all appointees ++ Trump himself who are all RKM agents for ZIO-TERRORISM. They’d all bin kissing Satan Yahu’s ass since decades back like he said in their press conference!!!! Show me that ain’t so!!!!!! +++ put this in YouTube:::::: trump jewish mafia Log in to Reply wjabbe  March 12, 2017 at 4:23 am Gen. Flynn is a distinguished guy. He is almost the only one who was speaking truth to the Obama Administration. He was denied his forth star over all this. He was recommending exactly what editors in VT have been talking about in Syria but his supervisors didn’t want to hear it. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_T._Flynn “Flynn incurred the wrath of the White House by insisting on telling the truth about Syria … they shoved him out. He wouldn’t shut up.”[33] In an interview with Al Jazeera, Flynn criticized the Obama administration for its delay in supporting the opposition in Syria, thereby allowing for the growth of Al Nusra and other extremist forces: “when you don’t get in and help somebody, they’re gonna find other means to achieve their goals” and that “we should have done more earlier on in this effort, you know, than we did.”[34] Log in to Reply Jim W. Dean, Managing Editor  March 12, 2017 at 8:31 am Yes he did, but these high level guys still get sucked into this post retirement game. While it would have been wiser to wait, he knew that someone else would get the money if he did not take it. Buyers of such people are scrambling to make deals with them quickly, so as to cherry pick. The irony in this is Trump’s position of banning lobbying forever for foreign countries by top officials, but this story shows you they just use a big multi-national corp as a cutout, which also has a long history. You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT Latest Top 10 Comments NEO – UN Report on Syrian War Crimes is a Bad Joke Trump, Flynn and the Trifecta of Deception Iran and Turkey Split on Syria Israel: Top Trump aide a sworn member of Nazi-allied group Analysis: Geopolitical Standoff In Post-ISIS Middle East Imran Khan’s PTI: The New Face of Liberal Nationalism What Russian army can do to Ukraine in case of war ‘Never trust Russia,’ says new US ambassador to UN NEO – North Korea: The Grand Deception Syrian War Report – March 16, 2017: Syrian Army aims to regain more gas fields near Palmyra Trump is taking the US back into the Middle East wars Carnage at the Syrian Justice Ministry Ex-LA County Sheriff Lee Baca convicted in jail corruption case US Indicts Russian FSB for Yahoo Hack, 500 million Accounts, Finance, Diplomats, Security The War President: Pentagon wants to declare more parts of world as temporary battlefields Breaking: Syrian Palace of Justice suicide-bombed Syrian War Report – March 15, 2017: Clashes With ISIS Near Raqqah And Palmyra Will Trump Deconstruct the Administrative-Bureaucratic State? (Part I) Admiral, Marine officers indicted in Singapore bribe scandal Russia Deploys Bastion, Bereg Missile and Artillery Systems in Black Sea Drill Blockbuster: Wikileaks Suppressed, Mossad ran 9/11 Arab “hijacker” terrorist operation (16175) The Rothschilds Murdered at least Seven US Presidents (11258) US Marines Invade Syria, No, they aren’t helping anyone but ISIS and Turkey so far (5060) Trump and the Deep State: The no-good, very bad, odious, unspeakably ugly truth (4468) Trump Cuts Russia Out of Terror Partnership (4365) Katyn: The Story Hollywood Won’t Tell (3811) Top 5 Most Racist Countries in the World (3684) Recent Trump “firings” lead to a history of blackmail, treason and murder (3621) Vladimir Putin to Benjamin Netanyahu: Stop Abusing History (3585) Trump’s “Mad Bomber” Secret Yemen War, More Tactical Nukes to be Used (3092) Grampah: BREAKING EXCLUSIVE: Trump wants Zionist Mercenary Kapo to Control All US Security and Intel Functions frog: ‘Never trust Russia,’ says new US ambassador to UN frog: ‘Never trust Russia,’ says new US ambassador to UN Eduardo: ‘Never trust Russia,’ says new US ambassador to UN Eduardo: ‘Never trust Russia,’ says new US ambassador to UN Eduardo: Analysis: Geopolitical Standoff In Post-ISIS Middle East Eduardo: Trump is taking the US back into the Middle East wars Trakkath: Communism and NWO Are Based on Judaism ayelyahbenjamin: Trump is taking the US back into the Middle East wars JohnZ: Trump is taking the US back into the Middle East wars VT Readers Poll Will Donald Trump be richest man in world by end of his term? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive VT Radio Shows PUNISH RADIO with Johnny Punish SHORT END OF THE STICK with Mike Harris TCK RADIO with Eric Gajewski TRUTH JIHAD with Kevin Barrett Featured Columnists Allen L Roland, PhD Bob Johnson Bob Nichols Brig Asif H. Raja Camillo Mac Bica,.. Denis G. Rancourt Dr. Ashraf Ezzat Ed Mattson Gilad Atzmon Gordon Duff, Seni.. Ian Greenhalgh Jack Speer-Williams Jane Rosenstein Jim W. Dean, Mana.. Jonas E. Alexis Kevin Barrett Michael Chester Michael Shrimpton Nahed Al-Husaini Press TV Preston James, Ph.D Sami Jamil Jadallah South Front Stuart Littlewood World News Tommor.. Personal Finance View all Why big tax refunds put giant target on the unsuspecting citizen Why big tax refunds put giant target on the unsuspecting citizen When Cyberattacks Hit the Real World Idaho Democrat Leader Brain Malfunction National News View all No VA benefits for Marine veterans who advocated rape, harassment No VA benefits for Marine veterans who advocated rape, harassment Civic Impact Scholars discuss veterans project Eye Opening Vietnam War Film Seeks Funding Through Kickstarter Foundation News View all Meet Veterans Today Cancer Foundation Executive Director Jacquie Salinas Meet Veterans Today Cancer Foundation Executive Director Jacquie Salinas Cancer Care for Our Veterans VA Research on Cancer Career News View all Gov pushes for jobs for veterans Gov pushes for jobs for veterans Workshops for Warriors helping Veterans get great jobs in manufacturing S4 Inc. Joins HireVeterans.com! Network News View all VT Pro-Trump or Anti-Trump? VT Pro-Trump or Anti-Trump? Esteemed mental health author SJ Hart joins Veterans Today News team VT Welcomes Scott Stockdale to our Staff Writer Team at VNN   Listen Live Radio TV Video TradCatKnight Radio, “Antipope Francis the Great Fallen Star” Mexico Voted # 1 in World To Retire 2017: Meet the Playa Del Carmen Snowbirds Healthcare or Wealthcare? Palestinian Hip-Hop Star Tamer Nafar Fights Racist Israeli Policies in New Film, “Junction 48” Mexico Voted # 1 in World To Retire 2017: Merida Mexico Voted # 1 in World To Retire 2017: Lake Chapala TOP 50 READ ARTICLES THIS MONTH From Veterans Today Network Trump Opens McCains Treasonous Can of Worms Blockbuster: Wikileaks Suppressed, Mossad ran 9/11 Arab “hijacker” terrorist operation NEO – Has Trump Been Secretly Stripped of His Presidency? The Rothschilds Murdered at least Seven US Presidents Babylonian Endgame – Hell on Earth Top 5 Most Racist Countries in the World The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) Exclusive: Russia Issues Ultimatum to Turkey Russia calls for elimination of New World Order The Rothschilds Own John McCain Israel gets caught trying to create World War III—again Qatari princess having sex with seven men Kabbalah or Jewish magic is at the core of the New World Order The Industry Killed Prince VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble Jeff Bezos, Amazon endorse holocaust denial! (UPDATED) Exclusive: Trump, Netanyahu Used Flynn to “Catfish” Putin Raping German Women and Children as a Form of Revenge After WWII (Part I) 22 Billion Dollars found: Photos of a Mexican drug lord’s home after being raided JOHN MCCAIN: AID AND COMFORT Breaking: The Idiot Can’t Even Read Jacob Rothschild is Guilty for the Conspiracy Against Humankind Hellstorm: The Rape and Mass Murder of German Women after WWII Trump-Israel struggling to save ISIS, divide Syria and Iraq 35 Things the Ruling Cabal Does Not Want You to Know Blockbuster: Russiagate II, The Saga of Treason Intel Drop: Trump Blunders in Korea and Syria are Not Survivable Democrats and Pizzagate? BREAKING EXCLUSIVE: Trump wants Zionist Mercenary Kapo to Control All US Security and Intel Functions US Marines Invade Syria, No, they aren’t helping anyone but ISIS and Turkey so far Marine Prayer Request for Darkhorse not what it seems Trump right about Hanoi John McCain Over 4,000 people came to this breakthrough 9/11 truth event! The Khazarian Cabal still cannot forgive Mel Gibson Trump and the Deep State: The no-good, very bad, odious, unspeakably ugly truth Trump Cuts Russia Out of Terror Partnership Steve Bannon is preparing Trump for a holy war Have we forgotten we have an accused child rapist in the White House? Katyn: The Story Hollywood Won’t Tell Gen. McMaster is right! There is no “radical Islamic terrorism” Breaking: Trump and Netanyahu: 6 Million to Be Transported to “Safe Zones” “Anti-Semitism” Is Morally and Intellectually Imploding CIA Head, Pompeo Leaked Fake “All Clear” to Media in Russiagate Coverup Sandy Hook Hoax: How we know it didn’t happen Recent Trump “firings” lead to a history of blackmail, treason and murder The Roots of Trump, Violence Won’t Be Enough (video) Two Days After Trump Sends General to Meet Turks, They Block Euphrates River, Crushing Aleppo Vladimir Putin to Benjamin Netanyahu: Stop Abusing History Rape and Sex in German Cities After World War II Revisited (Part II) 5,000 people expected at NOI 9/11 truth event this Saturday Facebook Friend Us Twitter Follow Us Google+ Circle Us RSS Site Feed About Us Veterans Today (VT) is an independent online journal representing the positions and providing news for members of the military and veteran community in areas of national security, geopolitical stability and domestic policy. All writers are fully independent and represent their own point of view and not necessarily the point of view of any other writer, administrator or entity. Quick Links VT Live Radio & Video VT Apps Email Newsletter Advertise Contact Us Help Desk Search Archives Search Archives Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 Search Veterans Today Network VETERANS TODAY NETWORK: National News | Foreign Policy | Job Board | Job News | Money | Forums | Net Radio | Business Directory | UpTime Status Check | Partners: USS Liberty | Rense.com | Veterans Today Cancer Foundation | 1st Response Alarms | Log in  - Powered By Veterans Today Network
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Politics As Foreign Agent For Turkey, Flynn Agreed To Form Elite Investigation Team, Make ‘Criminal Referrals’ Chuck Ross Reporter 11:59 PM 03/11/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5527089 While serving as a top adviser on Donald Trump’s presidential campaign, Michael Flynn signed a contract in which he agreed to utilize an “investigative laboratory” made up of elite former intelligence officials, including a former CIA director, to conduct research and make “criminal referrals” on behalf of a Dutch shell company linked to the Turkish government, federal records show. But Flynn appears to have over-promised on the contract, which was signed on Aug. 9 between his firm, Flynn Intel Group, and Inovo BV, the shell company. R. James Woolsey, the former CIA director identified by his title in the contract as a member of Flynn Intel’s “investigative laboratory,” says he was not aware of and never agreed to perform any of the work laid out in the contract. The investigative work promised by Flynn Intel was most likely focused on Fethullah Gulen, a Muslim cleric exiled in the U.S. whose extradition is being sought by the Turkish government. Flynn Intel, which shut down in November after Flynn accepted Trump’s offer to serve as national security adviser, filed the contract with the Justice Department on Tuesday as part of a retroactive registration as a foreign agent of Turkey. (RELATED: New Disclosures Reveal The Next Scandal That Would Have Hit Michael Flynn) The contract called for Flynn Intel to receive $600,000 in payments over three months from Inovo BV, a sole proprietorship registered to Ekim Alptekin, the head of the Turkish-U.S. Business Council (TAIK), a business group that has come under increased control of the increasingly authoritarian Turkish government. Flynn’s filing has already caused a headache for the White House, both because of the national security implications — Flynn attended classified briefings during the time he was under contract with Inovo — and for what it says about the Trump administration’s vetting processes. Flynn, a retired lieutenant general, was fired just 24 days into his tenure last month because, according to the White House, he misled Vice President Mike Pence about phone calls he had with Russia’s ambassador. The new revelations about Flynn’s work for Inovo are also likely to raise questions over the propriety of an elite unit of former intelligence officials tasked with conducting surveillance and research on Gulen for the Turkish government. But a secondary issue for Flynn arises from Woolsey’s statement that he did not approve the work attributed to him by Flynn Intel. Flynn Intel Group roster (Archived FlynnIntelGroup.com website) “Ambassador Woolsey had only perfunctory involvement with Flynn Intel Group. He had no ownership interest, he had no agreement with Flynn Intel Group and Ambassador Woolsey received no compensation whatsoever from it,” Jonathan Franks, a spokesman for Woolsey, told TheDC on Saturday. “To the extent his involvement was touted in any proposals generated by Flynn Intel Group or any agreements offered by the same, it was without Ambassador Woolsey’s approval.” Woolsey, a CIA director under Bill Clinton, served on the Trump transition team until early January. Other former intelligence officials listed in the contract, which went into effect on Aug. 15, are former FBI deputy assistant director Brian McCauley, former director of intelligence for the joint chiefs of staff Paul Becker, and Bijan Kian, a former director of the Export-Import Bank. (RELATED: Flynn Paid Ex-FBI Agent, Behavior Analysts In Work For Turkish Government) In its contract with Inovo, Flynn Intel said it would “activate its investigative laboratory” — a group made up of the above-named officials and others — to carry out an expansive research program. The contract states that Inovo expected Flynn Intel to discover new information for the project, analyze it, package it, and present it “in a credible, usable and easy to disseminate format.” Flynn Intel Group’s Aug. 9, 2016 contract with Inovo BV lists members of Flynn Intel’s “investigative laboratory.” Flynn Intel was also to deliver its research findings to Inovo as well as to aim for specific outcomes, including “making criminal referrals if warranted and supported by the findings.” How those criminal referrals were to be made — and who at Flynn Intel was to make them — is not addressed in the contract. Flynn, through a representative, has declined interview requests. Alptekin did not respond on Saturday to emailed questions. Flynn Intel’s contract refers to work resulting in “criminal referrals.” The contract also states that Flynn himself would oversee the project and provide Inovo with updates about its progress. The level of the intelligence community stalwarts’ involvement in Flynn Intel’s day-to-day operations is unknown. The same goes as to what work they did on the Gulen research project. While Flynn Intel did not pay Woolsey, the company did pay tens of thousands of dollars to the other intelligence community veterans whose involvement was cited in the contract with Inovo. McCauley, who retired from the FBI’s international operations sector in 2015, received $28,000 in consulting fees. Becker, who retired as a rear admiral from the Navy last year, was paid $7,500. A Virginia-based behavioral analysis firm called Operational Behavioral Services was also paid $20,000. Its founders are listed as Thomas Neer and Gina Orton, a former agent with the FBI’s Behavioral Analysis Unit and a former FBI psychiatrist, respectively. None of the officials listed above responded to requests for comment. Flynn Intel also paid $15,000 to a firm called White Canvas Group. Located in the same office complex as Flynn Intel, White Canvas Group conducts open source research and has contracts with the Defense Department. Another unknown is how much research Flynn Intel actually did on Gulen, whose extradition is reportedly being weighed under evidence by the Justice Department and State Department. Any eventual extradition would likely involve years of legal wrangling though the federal court system. But Flynn Intel officials did present some of the anti-Gulen research to the House Homeland Security Committee in October, while Flynn was heavily involved in the Trump campaign. The FARA filings state that Kian, the Flynn Intel partner and an owner of a 33 percent equity stake in the firm, facilitated the meetings. Flynn did not attend, TheDC has been informed. The meetings were a bait-and-switch, a House source said. The true goal was to present evidence on Gulen’s complicity in the July 15 coup attempt, as well as on a network of charters schools operated in the U.S. by Gulen’s supporters. The Turkish government has hired several PR and law firms to research and investigate both angles regarding Gulen, who has been in the U.S. since 1999. The source said that Kian, the Flynn Intel partner and a business associate of Alptekin’s, initially offered a presentation of a gadget developed by his company, GreenZone Systems. But in a second meeting at Flynn Intel shortly before Halloween, Kian switched gears and introduced a team of researchers to pitch the House staffers on the Gulen issue. TheDC’s source, who asked for anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the committee’s operations, said that the encounter was awkward and off-putting. The House staffers were puzzled about what was actually afoot until they saw the reporting about Flynn Intel’s lobbying for Inovo back in November. “It all made sense,” was the response within the committee when Flynn Intel’s work for Inovo was exposed by TheDC last year, the source said. Inovo’s Alptekin has denied that he was a conduit for the Turkish government. He’s also denied that he hired Flynn Intel to research Gulen. But the 40-year-old businessman has made a series of demonstrably false statements about the contract with Flynn Intel. (RELATED: Trump’s Top National Security Adviser Is Lobbying For Obscure Dutch Company Linked To Turkish Government) After the story of the lobbying arrangement broke on Nov. 11, Alptekin claimed that he paid Flynn Intel a retainer “in the tens of thousands,” and not a six figure sum. Alptekin ended up paying Flynn Intel $530,000 for its work. Unexplained in the new disclosures are payments from Flynn Intel back to Inovo for $80,000. Alptekin told TheDC that the return payments denote where he negotiated lower fees with Flynn Intel. It’s notable that the return payments occurred in between Inovo’s contractual payments to Flynn’s group. Alptekin also claimed in November that he hired Flynn to help with a deal he had with a Middle Eastern oil company whose business would fare well with improved U.S.-Turkey relation. Alptekin has not explained how the oil company was to benefit from Flynn Intel’s work on the Gulen issue. Alptekin shared the name of the company with TheDC on condition that it and its nationality not be revealed, but emails to the company have not been returned. Ekim Alptekin (Youtube screen grab) Alptekin has also given a murky explanation for how and why he facilitated a meeting between Flynn and two top Turkish government officials in New York City during the campaign. Flynn Intel this week reported the meeting, which occurred on Sept. 19. The documents don’t name the participants, but Alptekin said that Flynn was in the meeting with Turkey’s energy minister and foreign minister, Berat Albayrak and Mevlut Covusoglu, respectively. It is unclear whether Flynn told President Trump or the campaign about that meeting, though he would have had an open opportunity to do so. The retired lieutenant general joined Trump and then-Sen. Jeff Sessions that same day in a meeting with Egypt’s president, Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Alptekin said he put the meeting together at “the last minute” and that he tapped Flynn in his capacity as the former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, not as a member of the Trump campaign. Nowhere in the Flynn Intel-Inovo contract is there a reference to the work for the oil company. Instead, the work seems to center on Gulen, the Muslim cleric. In addition to compiling research to aid a possible criminal investigation, seemingly of Gulen, Flynn Intel agreed with Inovo to form an “experienced filming and production crew” to create a documentary for dissemination by Sphere Consulting. The filings indicate that the documentary was never finished. A former CNN anchor and a veteran filmmaker were paid several thousand dollars for the work. Neither returned requests for comment. Sphere oversaw other public outreach angles for the project, work which brought the firm $40,000 in payments from Flynn Intel. Sphere helped Flynn place a Nov. 8 op-ed in The Hill. In that piece, Flynn struck an aggressive tone towards Gulen, calling him “shady” and endorsing his extradition from the U.S. Fethullah Gulen at his residence in Saylorsburg, Pennsylvania September 26, 2013. REUTERS Flynn had not staked out a public position on Gulen prior to that op-ed. Flynn’s retroactive registration as a foreign agent raises a slew of questions for the White House. For one, the disclosure means that Flynn sat in on classified briefings while he was working for the Turkish government. It also means that several Flynn Intel advisers may have helped shape the Trump administration’s foreign policy as members of the transition team. As a NATO member and ally against ISIS, Turkey figures prominently in the U.S.’s foreign policy strategy. A White House official said they did not believe that any of the Flynn Intel associates remain “anywhere” in the administration. Sources familiar with Flynn’s decision to register under FARA told TheDC on Friday that Trump’s general counsel was informed before and after the inauguration that Flynn would likely be registering as a foreign agent. What the White House would have done with Flynn had he not been fired over the Russian ambassador issue is relegated to the realm of hypotheticals. Follow Chuck on Twitter Tags: Donald Trump, James Woolsey, Michael Flynn Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars ESPORTS Guest Machine learning will be a game-changer for esports Amir-Esmaeil Bozorgzadeh@whiteboxamir March 11, 2017 7:03 PM Tags: Dojo Madness, Intel Buzz Workshop, machine learning, SuperData Research Above: Counter Stirke: Global Offensive match during the Intel Extreme Masters esports tournament. Image Credit: Intel It’s a total understatement to say that the growing presence of machine learning in games is big news. The technology promises to turn the industry topsy-turvy by changing our perception of what’s possible in a gaming experience. Game studios are ground zero. They’re applying machine learning to first address long-standing challenges in game development and design, like accelerating the process of building out art and levels and balancing the backend infrastructure. “You can actually tailor game design and tailor levels to an individual’s experience,” George Dolbier, the CTO of Interactive Media at IBM, said at a talk at the Intel Buzz Workshop in Seattle last June. More interesting for us laymen, it’s being used to create progressional curves that tailor themselves directly to each player according to their individual behavioral data. A simple example would be in a Tetris-like casual game where a player would first go through a few “seed” rounds of gameplay so that the machine learning element can first learn about how they play before it creates a customized roadmap that will ensure maximum engagement. But this smart tech goes well beyond remedying industry challenges, streamlining otherwise manual processes, or even making games increasingly intuitive. It’s going to literally instil life into computer-generated characters and unprecedented depth into storylines and game mechanics in a way that will make you, if you’re old enough, reminiscent of sci-fi films like Cronenberg’s 1999 eXistenZ based on a Philip K. Dick novel. Pinocchio is officially on his way to becoming a real boy. Imagine gaming worlds populated by nonplayer characters (NPCs) that are interactive to such nimble and nuanced depths that they establish genuine emotional connections with players and can hold their weight in lengthy, windy, and clever conversations. Machine learning will fill the open spaces with dynamic content and narrative while still abiding to the game’s mechanics and script. Game worlds are about to become super-intelligent, and its influence will be particularly glaring in the world of multiplayer games and competitive gaming. Esports is already on a steady course to passing the billion dollar revenue mark by 2018, according to SuperData Research, and its positive momentum is owed considerably to it being positioned at the center of multiple industry intersections. Machine learning is yet another to add to the party and while it’s still the early days, there’s already plenty of traction. “ESL and its associated brands, such as ESEA, ESL Play, and Badlion utilize machine learning to better connect with customers and fans by learning behavior trends and increasing our technical capabilities. At ESEA, for example, Machine Learning helps to increase the efficacy of the ESEA Client’s anti-cheat capabilities to detect cheaters and people abusing others in the community,” Ralf Reichert, CEO of ESL at Turtle Entertainment, told me. Broadcasters like Twitch are actively using the technology at specific pain points like managing real-time moderation. Their AutoMod technology allows for more effective filtering of inappropriate or hateful content, affording broadcasters more control on chat activity. While tools like this have been around for some time now, the machine learning aspect allows for these platforms to get better at their job over time without the constant manual intervention of human-driven changes. “For the first time ever, we’re empowering all of our creators to establish a reliable baseline for acceptable language and around the clock chat moderation,” Twitch moderation lead Ryan Kennedy told VentureBeat. Gambling in esports is rising in parallel to the industry at large, which makes it unsurprising to see quite a bit of research going into developing predictive analysis techniques that allow for forecasting match outcomes. One recent paper was published by Lund University, entitled Esports Analytics Through Encounter Detection, and presented last March at the MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference. It discussed how segmentation techniques that apply machine learning can be brought into play in tracking player and team behaviour in order to identify the patterns required to predict which team is most likely to win in a particular setting. The authors describe the process as “using esports related data, primarily behavioural telemetry but also other sources, to find meaningful patterns and trends in said data, and the communication of these patterns using visualization techniques to assist with decision-making processes.” Esports is awash with big data sets and initially the industry will look to leverage machine learning in order to digest the mined intelligence found in player historical game records. It captures the fodder, digests it, and ultimately transmutes it all into pattern recognitions that can drive intelligence in the form of constructive insights. Berlin-based startup Dojo Madness leverages big data for exactly that purpose. They’ve rolled out a series of real-time coaching companion tools that help aspiring players master major esports titles like League of Legends, Dota 2, and Overwatch. They’ve also released an analytics platform, coined Shadow, that’s tailored to the needs of professional teams. “Our Sumo Apps are serving the broad middle bracket of the player pyramid, about 80% of the playerbase. In Q1 of this year we are exceeding 1MM DAU across our SUMO Apps driven by League and Overwatch,” Jens Hilgers, CEO at Dojo Madness, told me in an email. Each companion app is integrated within the gaming environment, rendering itself into a sort of early predecessor to an R2-D2 that generates customized insights for each player based on their individual historical behavior. And this is just the beginning. Imagine a match between two teams where the maps are revised just prior to the start, based on pattern recognitions of the characteristics, preferences, and the tendencies of each individual team member on either team. Or subtle changes are made to static conditions during the actual gameplay in order to challenge and engage players and teams to play more consciously. Machine learning can intelligently manipulate the playing fields by adding in customized handicaps tailored for the specific teams of each match. Now dive deeper and imagine a game that can do more than just look up your history but can read and respond to your real-time data and use it to anticipate your next move. The experience would be one of spontaneous creation of scenarios, characters, and world maps that are devised not by developers but by the game’s “mind” itself. A whole host of features can be implemented and brought into play that will allow eSports to continually evolve, perhaps even by itself, in ways that transcends well beyond the confined limitations of traditional sports. The real-time “telemetry” data, is the information you’re constantly receiving and sending back to the game. It’s what could offer an individualized experience that machine learning tailors to each player, broadcaster or even the audience pool itself. Telemetry data allows for a spontaneous experience based on intelligent anticipation, referencing and augmented by historical big data, and may later lead to a type of co-creation experience that makes one think of the Mind Game played by the boy protagonist in the movie, Ender’s Game, but in multiplayer. Machine learning is going to blow our minds, literally, and it will change the face of competitive gaming. Amir-Esmaeil Bozorgzadeh is the co-founder at Virtuleap, a sandbox for creative developers to showcase their VR concepts to the world, which is currently running the world’s biggest WebVR Hackathon. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  General  »  News Saffron Technology: The AI company quietly changing the world Monday 13 March 2017  | Comment Now Saffron CEO Gayle Sheppard talks to Alphr about how her AI company has been ticking away since 1999. It's very easy to get lost in the potential of artificial intelligence when talking to Saffron Technology's Gayle Sheppard. Fortunately, 31 minutes in, her iPhone reminded me exactly how far commercial AI is from primetime. Tucked away in her bag in the corner of the meeting room, Siri's virtual ears prick up the first time her name is dropped into our conversation. “She thinks I insulted her,” Sheppard quips, after Siri gives up with an “I'm sorry, I didn't get that,” before piping down and returning to silent eavesdropping. While it's not exactly an exclusive to reveal that Siri isn't the best showcase of how brilliant AI can be, the juxtaposition is quite amusing. Here I am talking to Gayle Sheppard about how her company, acquired by Intel in 2015 after 16 years of independence, is quietly changing the world in subtle but undeniable ways, and a flashy upstart can't resist trying to grab the spotlight. What do I mean by “changing the world”? Sheppard highlights three examples of Saffron's work that couldn't be further apart: accurately predicting when aeroplane parts will fail; predicting future patterns in fraud and money laundering; and telling the difference between restrictive cardiomyopathy and constrictive pericarditis. "Using the philosophy that anything can matter, Saffron's artificial intelligence was able to push the correct diagnosis up to 96% in just two months" It's the last of these that is the most instructive of how transformative the system can be. Saffron was contacted by a New York cardiologist – Dr Partho Sengupta – who believed that Saffron's technology might be able to improve condition diagnosis. Even to an expert human eye, echocardiograms of the two conditions look very similar – Sengupta's own eye was right around 76% of the time, but less experienced doctors were averaging just over 50%. The doctors were basing their analyses on around seven different attributes, but there were many more that weren't getting a look in. A mind-boggling amount, in fact. “Twenty times in a single heartbeat we capture something like 10,000 attributes in six different zones with 19 different metrics,” Sheppard explains. Using the philosophy that anything can matter, Saffron's artificial intelligence was able to push the correct diagnosis up to 96% in just two months. “A lA lot of data, unrestrained: no attributes pre-selected. That's where AI can really help the common good.” That example really sums up Saffron's approach to AI. The company is an example of “lazy learning AI” – meaning that it learns everything it can, and then works backwards from there. “The role of experience is rich and robust, and when you try to reduce it down to a few attributes you lose a lot of information and a lot of personalisation,” Sheppard explains. “The fundamentals are: learn about everything because anything can matter.” Unlike deep learning systems, Saffron Technology has no black box, and the approach is completely transparent. “AI has to be explanatory or we lose confidence – we have no trust,” Sheppard explains. “The whole idea is that we don't know what we don't know, and therefore we can only imagine and model things with either our imagination or what we know. "AI has to be explanatory or we lose confidence – we have no trust" “So when we're constrained to models, we're always going to leave something out. We're always going to reduce the accuracy, inevitably.” That's not to say that deep learning is necessarily inferior to the experiential learning Saffron offers. “When we're in deep learning, models are very important. We need to know what you look like. I need to make sure that when I identify you, I'm not picking someone who looks like you.” Sheppard speaks with the authority of someone who has worked in the industry for nearly two decades. “In 1999 – good idea, but unstructured data wasn't well understood yet,” she explains. There were a few bumps in the road following the dotcom bubble burst and the September 11 attacks, but Saffron has lasted the pace and now finds itself part of Intel. “They understood what was possible with Saffron, and they've been preparing an AI portfolio for some time,” explains Sheppard, who regards the two companies as a “really good fit”, and is keen to tap into the company's well-regarded community of developers. Any developers dipping their toes into AI will find things much more welcoming than they were in 1999. Customers now have much more data to share, meaning that Saffron can be a lot more helpful. “The customers are really smart – they have data scientists and machine-learning experts. We go in and we're not educating as much – they already have a great foundation of knowledge to work with, and it's really becoming a marriage of the minds.” "You can't hire enough people to investigate everything" Of course many of those companies have invested in data scientists and machine-learning experts for the same reasons that people fear AI: because it can reduce headcount. I ask Sheppard where Saffron stands on people's fear of redundancy. “We're not working on any problems at the present time, proposed to us by industry, that are job-eliminating,” Sheppard says. “We're focusing on jobs that can't get done very easily by humans.” Take the area of fraud investigation, for example: “You can't hire enough people to investigate everything – it's just impossible because of the volume of transactions. It's really about getting everything done, so there's less stress on the poor investigators – I can't imagine being in that role, because there's some serious fines imposed on the banks if they don't get these things investigated in 90 days!” When I think about jobs that can't practically be done by humans, I don't think of fraud analysis or remote well platforms in the North Sea: I think of online harassment. Facebook, Twitter and Google have no solution to trolling and abuse, because it's just too much for a human team to handle. Could AI step in? “That's a great idea – we haven't applied our technology to that yet. Intel announced an initiative in anti-harassment which we haven't yet been involved in – you've just motivated me to ping that person an email to say 'come on, let's go. Let's see how we can help you'.” So if harassment on the internet is fixed by the time you read this, you'll know who to thank. READ NEXT: 5 problems artificial intelligence needs to overcome for all our sakes It's pretty clear from talking to Sheppard that the problems that appeal the most are the ones humans just don't have the capability to work on (“I sort of feel boring at the moment, because I'm just solving some real-world mundane problems,” she says at one point), but those aren't always ones that fit with our profit-driven corporate world. “This is really important,” she explains, emphasising that whenever large corporations are involved in AI – including Intel – that they're doing so “for mankind and bettering the world, as opposed to just for economic gain”. Whether or not companies pay attention to those words over the coming decades could decide what our world looks like in 2050 – whether or not humans end up sidelined. This article originally appeared at alphr.com Related Articles Samsung joins the AI big leagues with purchase of Viv Labs 5 problems artificial intelligence needs to overcome for all our sakes Facebook aims to prevent suicide with AI tools The world's first braille smartwatch is on its way to buyers Elon Musk: Humans must merge with AI to survive Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  artificial intelligence  |  siri   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Eben Upton: Why it's a long road to the Raspberry Pi 4     How to: Fix 15 Windows 10 problems     How to: Build a silent PC     Sysinternals unveils Sysmon 6.0     Review: Shuttle DX30 Barebones mini-PC   More in General (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Dozens of tech firms reject second Trump travel ban << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (2 of 10 articles) NEWS FireEye says criminals now as sophisticated as nation states << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Google wants to help you get solar panels << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Massive data leak in US Air Force exposes details of 4,000+ officers << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Google to throttle Chrome tabs to boost battery life << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Google officially makes YouTube social with Uptime << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Intel just bought Mobileye for $15bn to join the driverless tech race << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Facebook bans firms from spying on users' data << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Symantec finds fake AV being distributed using HSBC phishing emails << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Explainer: What is Bitcoin? << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in General News Dozens of tech firms reject second Trump travel ban Review Star Wars BB8. Your little round BFF Feature Futures: Autonomous, from sea to sky - The other vehicles going driverless Gallery Intel Extreme Masters' Expo show floor From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero Best Linux distros How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal Cisco Live 2017 puts vendors, disties and channel partners together in the World of Solutions FITT celebrates women in IT and telecommunications at luncheon Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Cisco welcomes channel partners to Cisco Live 2017 Staples sells Australian business to private investment firm Platinum Equity The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 iPhone owners warned to back up data before iOS 10.3 CIO out of Brisbane council in wake of TechOne saga Optus’ first blackspot base station connects all ten residents of William Creek AFP hints at 'developments' in Census investigation 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege I want to love you, Ghost Recon: Wildlands – but holy balls you are a hot mess 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup Review: Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti - single card 4k gaming! About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 March 2017 by Military News BizWireTV’s Big Season Premiere Features a Sneak Peek at Some Super Bowl Ads and the Launch of Tomorrow’s Tech, Today NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–On the latest BizWireTV, catch all the new top products on The Launch Pad and see what’s happening in the startup world with the Accelerator Report, featuring the VC Watch and this week’s Startup Standout. Now you can watch BizWireTV, and the latest breakthroughs in tech from the biggest brands, on any screen you want by downloading the new app through the Apple TV and iPhone App Store and Google Play for Android devices. Sponsored Headline: Get current with raftr: Former Yahoo! President Sue Decker launches new conversation platform focused on unfolding stories Top of the Wire is Super Bowl LI Tom Brady stars in an Intel commercial set to air during the big game. Febreze looks to celebrate the halftime bathroom break with their first-ever Super Bowl ad. Right before kickoff, viewers can expect an ad from Ford offering solutions for mobility. The Wonderful Company scores with two ads encouraging viewers to stay healthy and hydrated. Watch BizWireTV to see more disruptors as well as the top 5 trending stories of the week! A core component of the video programming is news-related data analysis powered by Business Wire’s NewsTrak reports and NUVI social media tracking. BizWireTV is hosted by Jordyn Rolling. Watch new episodes of BizWireTV every Thursday, premiering at 6am on BizWireTV.com. Featuring Café X Technologies, Febreze (NYSE:PG), Ford (NYSE:F), GE (NYSE:GE), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Kinestral Technologies, The Kraft Heinz Company (NASDAQ:KHC), Mr. Clean (NYSE:PG), Piaggio Group, raftr, Ring, SoundHound, Verily, Walmart (NYSE:WMT) and The Wonderful Company. About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 29 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.com and Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire. CategoriesUncategorized Tags#AcceleratorReport, #BizWireTV, #StartupStandout, #TheLaunchPad, #TopoftheWire, #TopTrenders, #vcwatch, $f, $intc, $KHC, $PG, $WMT, Business, Companies, company, Entertainment, GE, Headlines, Industry, Markets, Technology, TV, Video Games, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious BizWireTV: Intel Drones Light Up the Super Bowl and Logitech Brings Amazon Alexa on the Road Next PostNext A New Season of BizWireTV Premieres on Thursday, February 2nd and will Feature New Host and Innovative Technology Search Recent Posts AJC Statement on President Trump’s 2018 Budget Proposal Interview with David Koch Cloudbric Announces Major IDC Expansion Into US, Europe, and Southeast Asia Secretary Perry Statement on the Budget Blueprint Secretary Perry Statement on the Budget Blueprint Proudly powered by WordPress
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BUSINESS Review Dell XPS 2-in-1 review: Fine, but the laptop version is a better bet Jordan Novet@jordannovet March 12, 2017 4:31 PM Tags: convertible tablets, Dell, Dell XPS 13, Dell XPS 13 2-in-1, top-stories Above: The Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 lies flat. Image Credit: Jordan Novet/VentureBeat Dell has capitulated to HP and Lenovo by producing a convertible version of its well-reviewed XPS 13 Windows laptop. The entry-level version costs $1000, which puts it $200 above the base model XPS 13. After using the convertible for the past few weeks, I get the idea. But I’m not convinced the new model is worth the extra money. I found that its clamshell sibling is very good on its own. Splurging for improved specs, including a touch-friendly display, might well be the better move. Don’t get me wrong; the convertible does work as intended. You can easily flip the screen 360 degrees, which can make it more comfortable to watch movies in bed or read while standing. The sturdy metal hinges keep the display from wobbling. And it’s slightly shorter and thinner, making it less unwieldy in tablet mode. But I’m not sure I need those things. I’d prefer better performance than you get out of the box with the XPS 13 2-in-1, which comes with a 7th-generation Intel Kaby Lake Core i5-7Y54 chip, an Intel HD Graphics integrated graphics processing unit (GPU), 4GB of LPDDR3 RAM, and a 128GB solid-state drive (SSD). The unit I reviewed — with a Core i7-7Y75 chip, 8GB of LPDDR3 RAM, and a 256GB SSD — costs $1,300. The power button has also been moved away from the keyboard and tucked into the narrow right edge of the machine, making it more difficult to push. Above: The power button is barely sticking out on the side of the computer. Image Credit: Jordan Novet/VentureBeat The keys on the backlit keyboard have just as much travel — 1.3mm — as the XPS 13 clamshell model, but they aren’t the most satisfying to type on. The typing experience is nicer on HP’s 13-inch Spectre x360 and Microsoft’s Surface Book. And, unlike the clamshell XPS, just above the left and right arrow keys you find page up and page down keys. It’s not hard to hit them by accident. You get a smaller battery on the 2-in-1 — 46 watt-hours compared to 60 on the clamshell. Dell’s benchmarks claim up to 15 hours of battery life, while the clamshell gets up to 22 hours. My experience shows closer to about five hours of average battery life on the 2-in-1. You also lose in total number of ports. The 2-in-1 comes with two USB-C ports and no USB-A ports — dongle life — while the clamshell carries two USB-A ports and one USB-C port. And you get a microSD card slot instead of a regular SD card slot. The front-facing camera remains below the display, so you’ll probably look a little strange on video calls. At least the bezels around the display are still very nice and narrow. Above: Thin bezels. Image Credit: Jordan Novet/VentureBeat The 13.3-inch Full HD display is quite nice and reasonably bright. The dual speakers produce good enough audio. The trackpad is precise. The soft carbon fiber composite palm rest is carried over from the clamshell to the convertible, and I’m happy with that, even if it doesn’t do the best job of concealing smudges. The CNC machined aluminum on the outside of the convertible, which you also find on the clamshell, is fine even though it is typical. All of this leaves me thinking the “good old” XPS laptop is the better bet. If you’re insistent about buying a convertible, you would do well to consider HP’s Spectre, or Lenovo’s Yoga 910, which starts at $1,200. Plus, there are detachable Windows 10 tablets you may want to consider, including the Surface Pro 4 (starting at $959 with Type Cover keyboard), although it hasn’t been updated since 2015. Above: Yes, it works fine in tent mode, tablet mode, and stand mode, but do you really need them? Image Credit: Jordan Novet/VentureBeat ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts News Around the Web Weekend tech reading: Password rules are BS, Microsoft to use ARM chips, best thermal paste 2017 By Matthew DeCarlo on Mar 12, 2017, 9:36 AM TechSpot Password rules are bullshit Of the many, many, many bad things about passwords, you know what the worst is? Password rules. The world is absolutely awash in terrible password rules... But I don't need to tell you this. The more likely you are to use a truly random password generation tool, like us über-geeks are supposed to, the more likely you have suffered mightily – and daily – under this regime. We can certainly debate whether "correct horse battery staple" is a viable password strategy or not, but the argument here is mostly that length matters. Coding Horror Nearly 200,000 WiFi cameras open to hacking right now What started as an analysis of a simple security flaw in a random wireless IP camera turned into seven vulnerabilities that affect over 1,250 camera models and expose nearly 200,000 cameras to hacking. The flaws affect a generically named product called Wireless IP Camera (P2P) WIFICAM, manufactured by a (currently unnamed) Chinese company, who sells it as a white-label product to several other camera vendors. Bleeping Computer (also, Dahua, Hikvision IoT devices under siege) The little-known iPhone feature that lets blind people see with their fingers A few years ago, backstage at a conference, I spotted a blind woman using her phone. The phone was speaking everything her finger touched on the screen, allowing her to tear through her apps. My jaw hit the floor. After years of practice, she had cranked the voice’s speed so high, I couldn’t understand a word it was saying. And here’s the kicker: She could do all of this with the screen turned off. Her phone’s battery lasted forever. Yahoo The designers of Dishonored, Bioshock 2 and Deus Ex swap stories about making PC's most complex games Deus Ex. System Shock 2. Dishonored. Some of the PC's most celebrated games belong to a genre called the immersive sim, which emphasizes creating a complex world with tons of player freedom. They're some of our favorite games to talk about, and at the 2017 Game Developer's Conference we were lucky enough to do just that. PC Gamer Microsoft pledges to use ARM server chips, threatening Intel's dominance In the never-ending quest to improve computing technology, IBM has just taken a big step smaller: It's found a way to store data on a single atom. A hard drive today takes about 100,000 atoms to store a single bit of data -- a 1 or 0. The IBM Research results announced Wednesday show how much more densely it might someday be possible to cram information. Bloomberg Backscatter your own fm pirate radio station If you live in a city, you’re constantly swimming in a thick soup of radio-frequency energy. FM radio stations put out hundreds of kilowatts into the air. Students at the University of Washington, [Anran Wang] and [Vikram Iyer], asked themselves if they could harness this background radiation to transmit their own FM radio station, if only locally. The answer was an amazing yes. Hackaday Cloudflare's next big business? Protecting your car from hackers With multiple proven attacks on modern vehicles, the biggest car makers in the world are asking the question: How best to protect fleets from hackers? Cloudflare, the San Francisco company that provides security and content delivery for 6 million websites, thinks it has the answer. It's planning to make waves in the burgeoning vehicular cybersecurity market in the coming years, says CEO Matthew Prince... Forbes Bring the power of your apps into Gmail with Add-ons Few things are as satisfying as completing a task. But at work, it’s not always so easy. The days are short and packed with to-dos, like following up on sales leads, logging support tickets or sending invoices. And while great apps exists to tackle these workstreams, most users have to flip between them and their inbox because email is still “central command” for task management. Google Writing good code: how to reduce the cognitive load of your code Low bug count, good performance, easy modification. Good code is high-impact, and is perhaps the main reason behind the existence of the proverbial 10x developer. And yet, despite it’s importance, it eludes new developers. Literature on the subject usually amounts to disconnected collections of tips. How can a new developer just memorize all that stuff? “Code Complete“, the greatest exponent in this matter, is 960 pages long! Chris Maioli Mackeprang Our new (mixed) reality: Early adopters have become HoloLens believers at work It’s been roughly two years since Microsoft unveiled its augmented/mixed reality (AR/MR) HoloLens headset and about one year since the first publicly available dev kits went on sale. But ever since launching this impressive piece of tech, Microsoft has instead seemed content with letting Virtual Reality (VR) take the limelight. Ars Technica Flappy Bird running on my home build BASIC computer In 2014 BASIC became a 50 year old programming language, to celebrate that event I started writing my own BASIC interpreter. How hard could that be? Just a few evenings of work and I would have coded my own… Well, 3 years later I can say I have hit a certain milestone, I can now play flappy bird, written in my own version of BASIC running on my home build computer. vandenbran.de Preinstalled malware targeting mobile users The Check Point Mobile Threat Prevention has recently detected a severe infection in 38 Android devices, belonging to a large telecommunications company and a multinational technology company. While this is not unusual, one detail of the attacks stands out. In all instances, the malware was not downloaded to the device as a result of the users’ use, it arrived with it. Check Point An interactive chronology of every Star Wars game Late last year, I attended a PAX Australia panel titled X-wings and TIE-ins[1], which advertised itself as "A brief history of very bad (and some not so bad) Star Wars games." The panel was enjoyable and seemed well pitched toward its audience, but it didn't dive as deeply into the chronology of Star Wars titles as I had hoped. Cheese Talks SK telecom exec talks 5G tech, 2017 trials Around the globe, telecom companies are placing bets on which technologies will define 5G, the next generation of wireless and cellular networks. Many have already published results from early lab tests and field trials. Now, executives are eager to move into real-world pilots and, gradually, to commercial deployments. IEEE Spectrum Mossberg: Tech’s ruling class casts a big shadow Back in 2011, I was talking with Eric Schmidt, the executive chairman of Google, backstage at our D9 conference, when he made a casual reference to a “Gang of Four” companies that he believed ruled the consumer tech industry. Once on stage, I asked him about that term. The Verge What is the best thermal paste 2017? – Thermal paste comparison Following on from our previous ‘Which is the best thermal paste’ article and testing we did back in 2015, I decided to create another; this time with a current-gen Intel Core i7-7700K processor and with a couple more thermal pastes added into the mix. Play3r Related Reads Weekend tech reading: The history of hypertext, a RAM disk guide, how far will AMD take ARM+x86? Weekend tech reading: ARM unveils Cortex-A72, a guide to 5 cybersecurity bills, 4D printing inbound Neowin's 7 Days of antivirus antics and Microsoft's chilly challenge 2 comments 102 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… AMD Ryzen benchmarks leaked during the weekend Tag Heuer unveils the $1600 Connected Modular 45 Proof-of-concept Nintendo Switch jailbreak teased by hacker Popular 36 comments Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands Review 27 comments AMD Ryzen 5 processors detailed, launching April 11 Lenovo IdeaCentre Y910 Gaming All-In-One Review 29 comments Exploding headphone battery burns woman during flight 15 comments Someone has created a PC Building Simulator game Load Comments 2 ... User Comments: 2 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 15 Someone has created a PC Building Simulator game 27 AMD Ryzen 5 processors detailed, launching April 11 10 US allies have used Patriot missiles to shoot down consumer drones 23 Warner Bros. is reportedly in talks to reboot The Matrix 21 AMD says Windows 10 scheduler operates correctly with Ryzen Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Top Dividend Stocks Great dividends can come from anywhere, and we're diving into three very different industries for three great dividend stocks. Travis Hoium (TMFFlushDraw) Mar 12, 2017 at 5:00PM Dividend stocks can be a great way to generate income from investments, and they can also be a great way to beat the market long term. Paying a dividend can force a company to consider cash flow a little more than those who don't and may see their stock as currency with which to grow their empires.  Strong dividend stocks can come from a variety of industries across the market, which can also diversify your exposure to any given industry. With that in mind, here's why I think Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC), Las Vegas Sands Corp. (NYSE:LVS), and NextEra Energy Partners LP (NYSE:NEP) are top dividends on the market today.  Image source: Getty Images. The chip company There was a lot of concern about Intel's future a few years ago, when it appeared the PC was dead and the company had missed out on the mobile revolution entirely. The PC's death has been prolonged more than many expected, but mobile is still a point of weakness.  To adjust, Intel doubled down on data centers, the cloud, and the future of the Internet of Things. Long term, management thinks data centers is a market with more than double the revenue potential of PCs ($65 billion to $30 billion), and the Internet of Things will match the PC market in size. So, the company is building on a dominant PC business that will then fuel the products that will drive the cloud and the Internet of Things.  The strategy has started to show promise in the last couple of years, with steady revenue growth and solid earnings, as you can see below.  INTC Revenue (TTM) data by YCharts. What's important from a dividend perspective is that the payout ratio has stayed below 50%, despite the rising payout. And with a 2.9% dividend yield and tremendous growth opportunities as chips end up in more and more devices, I think this is a great dividend stock for the future.  The gaming giant Las Vegas Sands isn't the biggest company in Las Vegas, but it's the biggest gaming company in the world. That's because of its market-leading position in Macau, which is more than four times the size of Las Vegas in gaming revenue, and the fact that it owns one of only two casinos in Singapore's lucrative market. That has led to a giant cash machine and a big dividend for investors.  The chart below does a fairly good job of showing just how quickly the company has been able to grow EBITDA (a measure of cash flow from a large, upfront investment like a casino) while keeping the debt load fairly flat. And CEO Sheldon Adelson will likely keep the debt level about where it is because he's comfortable with leverage, and as the largest shareholder, he's the biggest beneficiary of a dividend.  LVS EBITDA (TTM) data by YCharts. Unless the gaming industry collapses in Asia, which I think is unlikely, Las Vegas Sands will keep churning out cash and keep paying a dividend. And the dividend yield of 5.4% right now is a great yield for investors betting on gaming stocks today.  The new renewable energy upstart Maybe the most stable dividend of this group is NextEra Energy Partners, a yieldco that owns primarily renewable energy projects with long-term contracts to sell energy to utilities. The idea of a yieldco is that the company can issue a combination of equity and debt to buy accretive renewable energy projects with contracted payouts. As projects are added, it will add to the dividend long term.  What NextEra Energy Partners has going for it is its association with sponsor NextEra Energy and its relatively low dividend yield of 4.6%. In yieldcos, a low yield can actually be a good thing, because it allows you to buy projects and add to the dividend in the future. And if the dividend keeps growing 15% annually, as planned, the long-term yield for investors will be much higher than it is today.  Broadly, renewable energy is an industry I think investors will want to have at their backs given the fact that most new power plants in the U.S. are now powered by wind, or the sun. And as costs fall, the industry will grow, increasing the opportunity for a company like NextEra Energy Partners.  Travis Hoium owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Travis Hoium (TMFFlushDraw) Travis Hoium has been writing for fool.com since July 2010 and covers the solar industry, renewable energy, and gaming stocks among other things. Follow @TravisHoium Article Info Mar 12, 2017 at 5:00PM Consumer Goods Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.14 up $0.04 (0.11%) Las Vegas Sands NYSE:LVS $56.52 up $0.42 (0.75%) NextEra Energy Partners NYSE:NEP $33.17 up $0.87 (2.69%) Read More What We Learned From Netflix Inc. and Walt Disney Co at SXSW Why GoPro, Barnes & Noble, and Seres Therapeutics Jumped Today 3 Incredibly Cheap Big Brand Stocks Guess? Gets Crushed Again on Dire Predictions for Domestic Retail Business What Happened in the Stock Market Today Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Computer  |  News  | The New Asus Chromebook Flip is a Premium Hybrid Machine The New Asus Chromebook Flip is a Premium Hybrid Machine The latest iteration of Chromebook Flip by Asus is a premium hybrid with a 12.5-inch Full HD multi-touch display that can rotate 360 degrees. By: Rohit Arora Updated: Thursday, January 5, 2017, 9:45 [IST] Asus has announced the latest iteration of its Chromebook Flip which brings some noticeable updates in terms of design, hardware and features. The new Chromebook Flip flaunts a 12.5-inch Full HD multi-touch display that rotates 360 degrees to offer tablet-PC functionality, making it a hybrid machine for users who are looking for a portable but feature-loaded computing machine. SEE ALSO: Asus Zenfone 3 Zoom is the Company's Take on Dual Camera Space Asus Chromebook Flip will come in two variants, one featuring Intel's M3 CPU paired with 4GB/8GB RAM, and the other packing Intel's M7 processor paired with 4GB/8GB to take care of multitasking. As far as storage is concerned, consumers will be able to choose between 32/64/128 GB storage variants. SEE ALSO: Industry's First Tango and Daydream Ready Smartphone, Asus Zenfone AR Goes Official at the CES 2017 With the new Chromebook Flip, Asus wants to tap on the higher end of the market that demands performance and style. The new Chromebook Flip weighs less than 1.2 kg and is 13.7mm thick. The 360-degree hinge that supports the full HD display allows you to use the hybrid machine in several modes including tent Mode, tablet mode, stand mode and as a full-fledged laptop.The new Chromebook Flip has two fast USB 3.1 Type-C ports, one microSD card reader and a 3.5mm headset jack. As far as connectivity is concerned, the new hybrid machine has 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.2. SEE ALSO: CES 2017: This Sticker Can Add Wireless Charging to Any Smartphone or Tablet Asus Chromebook FLip is backed by a 39 Wh battrey that as per ASUS promises up to 10 hours of battery life. The chromebook runs Chrome OS, which gives access to a plethora of Chrome apps in the Web Store, and also let users install the Android apps from the Play Store. Asus Chromebook Flip is priced at $499 for the base variant in th US market. Asus has not mentioned anything about the global availability of the hybrid machine, but we expect the Taiwanese tech giant to make an announcement soon. Read More About pc | news | CES 2017 | technology | mobiles | asus Story first published: Thursday, January 5, 2017, 9:37 [IST] Other articles published on Jan 5, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... 5 things you should know about Google's Travel App Moto G5 Plus First Impressions: Is it the new budget king? Xiaomi Mi 6 launch date allegedly delayed until May Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Moto G5 Plus, Moto M, Moto Z Play, Moto G4 Plus: Treat to 8-core fans Google's new messaging app comes without a keyboard, uses voice inputs Facebook’s Town Hall feature lets you contact Govt. officials directly Zebronics launches ‘ZEB-VR100’ VR headset at Rs. 1,499 ShopClues unveils ShopClues Surety Program Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ will feature Bixby voice assistant Huawei P10 Lite goes official in Malaysia; might come soon to India Paytm to soon provide insurance cover for users free of cost Ziox mobile announces Z23 under its Zelfie series Micromax Canvas Fantabulet now available at Rs 5,977: Budget Rivals Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Computer  |  Features  | CES 2017: Asus Announces ROG GT51CH Gaming PC With Windows 10 OS CES 2017: Asus Announces ROG GT51CH Gaming PC With Windows 10 OS Asus unveils ROG GT51CH Gaming PC at CES 2017. By: Sneha Saha Published: Wednesday, January 4, 2017, 13:29 [IST] The hottest topic of discussion in the tech world today is CES 2017. At the global consumer electronics and consumer technology tradeshow 2017, most tech giants showcase their flagships and announce other products. Leading the race, Asus, the Taiwanese-based company today announced a new powerhouse gaming PC at CES 2017 today, namely the Republic Of Gamers (ROG) GT51CH. So, if you have a keen interest to opt for a new gaming desktop, Asus ROG GT51CH is a good option, reveals report. Adding on to its line of gaming tower computers, Asus unveils ROG GT51CH desktop, which is expected to run on Windows 10 operating system and might come packed with 7th generation Intel Core i7 Processor and SLI'd GeForce GTX 1080. Well, the gaming PC will supposedly come with a wide range of other new features. Let's check all the features in details. The newly announced Asus desktop is designed using the NVIDA SLI Technology, which allows the user to add two different graphic cards at the same time. Moving ahead, Asus' ROG GT51CH gaming PC also sports Aegis III application, a ROG-exclusive which let the user provide huge performance boost to the system and easily overclick the desktop's processor, graphics card as well as the memory settings. Adding on, Asus in an official statement asserts that they use Intel XMP technology that help the users to adjust the system memory and boost the PC performance by up to 17%. SEE ALSO: Acer CES 2017 Roundup: The Atrocious Predator 21X, Eye-Tracking Monitors, are the Highlights The Asus ROG GT51CH will also bear an Intel Z270 chipset with a Kaby Lake Intel Core i7-7700K processor, 3 terabytes of SATA 6Gbps HDD storage, along with options for additional SSDs, which includes RAID 0 M.2 SSDs. The specs don't just end here, as the gaming computer is designed with ASUS Aura lighting effects system which lits the central air intake and motherboard with mounted LEDs. However, the user will be able to customize the setting and chose the LED color light they chose to put, from the wide range of different colors range available.  Although the Taiwanese based firm unveiled the features that the new Asus gaming PC might come packed with, the company officials didn't mention a word about the availability and the price of the device. However, if certain media reports are to be believed, Asus will be launching the ROG GT51CH desktop by the second quarter of 2017. Source Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals ASUS X53SC-SX536D/2nd Gen Ci5/4 GB/750 GB/1GB graphics/DOS Asus 1015CX-BLK011W Laptop (2nd Gen Atom Dual Core/ 1GB/ 320GB/ Linux) Specifications Specifications Read More About asus | pc | desktop | CES 2017 | news Other articles published on Jan 4, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... How to Encrypt your smartphone in 7 simple steps Moto G5 Plus First Impressions: Is it the new budget king? Xiaomi Mi 6 launch date allegedly delayed until May Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Moto G5 Plus, Moto M, Moto Z Play, Moto G4 Plus: Treat to 8-core fans Google's new messaging app comes without a keyboard, uses voice inputs Facebook’s Town Hall feature lets you contact Govt. officials directly Zebronics launches ‘ZEB-VR100’ VR headset at Rs. 1,499 ShopClues unveils ShopClues Surety Program Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ will feature Bixby voice assistant Huawei P10 Lite goes official in Malaysia; might come soon to India Paytm to soon provide insurance cover for users free of cost Ziox mobile announces Z23 under its Zelfie series Micromax Canvas Fantabulet now available at Rs 5,977: Budget Rivals Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
High-Def Digest Blu-ray Ultra HD Gaming Blu-ray Gaming HD Gear Blu-ray Ultra HD Gaming HD Gear Blu-ray Ultra HD Games Blu-ray Ultra HD Games Home News Pioneer Details BDR-211UBK PC Drive with Ultra HD Blu-ray Support, Price Set for $130 Pioneer Details BDR-211UBK PC Drive with Ultra HD Blu-ray Support, Price Set for $130 Posted Fri Mar 10, 2017 at 02:45 PM PST by Steven Cohen The new drive includes Ultra HD Blu-ray capabilities. Pioneer has detailed its latest BD/DVD/CD writer. The upcoming BDR-211UBK will include Ultra HD Blu-ray playback support through bundled CyberLink PowerDVD 14 software. The internal PC drive offers reading and writing capabilities for a variety of BD (SL 25GB/DL 50GB) and BDXL (BD-R XL: TL 100GB/ QL 128GB, BD-RE XL: TL 100GB) discs, with up to 16x maximum BD-R writing speed (BD-R: SL 25GB). In addition, the device comes bundled with several programs, including CyberLink PowerDVD 14 software. With PowerDVD 14 and the required PC specs, the BDR-211UBK is capable of Ultra HD Blu-ray disc playback. Additional requirements for Ultra HD Blu-ray playback through a PC include: an Intel 7th Generation Core i5/i7 processor (selected models: KabyLake-S & KabyLake-H), Intel HD Graphics 630 chipsets, minimum of 6GB memory, Windows 10, and an HDR, HDCP 2.2, and HDMI2.0a compatible motherboard and display. Here's a full rundown of key specs per the press release: - Ultra HD Blu-ray playback: the BDR-211UBK supports Ultra HD Blu-ray playback using the bundled CyberLink software. Ultra HD Blu-ray includes content up to 4K resolution (3840 pixels horizontal×2160pixels vertical) and a wider range of colors compared to full HD. - Faster burning: Up to 16x² maximum write speed on BD-R single-layer discs, 14x on BD-R DL discs and 8x on BD-R triple-layer discs. Compatible with Windows® 10 – The BDR-211UBK and bundled software are compatible with the latest Windows® OS, Windows 10. - Region Code Change: BDR-211UBK has DVD regional playback control. It allows users to set the region of the drive up to five times. - Store more data: Support for BDXL media, which stores up to 156% more data than 50GB Dual Layer Blu-ray Disc™, including 100GB Triple Layer (TL)3 and 128GB Quadruple Layer (QL)3 discs. - QuickPlay: BD-ROM and DVD-ROM discs are ready quickly after insertion. - PowerRead: Through its PowerRead feature, the BDR-211UBK provides smoother movie playback when a disc is marked with fingerprints or has minor surface scratches. When the drive is not able to read through these obstructed areas of a disc, it will quickly move forward to the next available data point, resulting in smoother Blu-ray and DVD movie playback.4 - Auto Quiet Mode: The drive monitors how it is being used and will adjust its disc rotation speed automatically, using quieter mode (slower speed) when watching Blu-ray and DVD titles or listening to conventional audio CDs. - PureRead3: Clicking or popping sounds that might normally occur due to minor scratches and fingerprints on CDs can be prevented on some discs with the drive’s PureRead3 technology, which allows the drive to adjust its optical playback settings dynamically through the use of a unique algorithm.5 - Peak power Reducer: This power saving mode enables the drive to suppress power consumption at peak operation. It keeps stable operation in case of a drop in power supply. The Pioneer BDR-211UBK will be available later this month for a suggested retail price of $130. Source: Pioneer See what people are saying about this story in our forums area, or check out other recent discussions. Share: Facebook Google+ Twitter Tags: Pioneer, Ultra HD, 4K, Ultra HD Blu-ray players, PC, drives, Price, CyberLink, PowerDVD, BDR-211UBK (all tags) Permalink LATEST REVIEWS BLU-RAY GAMES ULTRA HD The Yakuza 3 Stars 23 Paces to Baker Street 3.5 Stars Fire at Sea 3.5 Stars Tower 4 Stars Teen Witch 4 Stars Chilly Scenes of Winter 3.5 Stars Fences 3.5 Stars View All A50 Wireless Headset + Base Station (Gen 3) (PS4) 4 Stars HyperX Alloy FPS Mechanical Gaming Keyboard (PC) 4.5 Stars Let it Die (PS4) 4 Stars Shantae: Half-Genie Hero (PS4) Telltale's The Walking Dead: Season Three - A New Frontier (Xbox One) 3 Stars Beholder (PC) 4 Stars Batman: The Telltale Series - City of Light (Xbox One) 4 Stars View All Bad Santa 2 - Ultra HD Blu-ray 3 Stars Allied - Ultra HD Blu-ray 3.5 Stars Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk - Ultra HD Blu-ray 3 Stars Hacksaw Ridge - Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars Trolls - Ultra HD Blu-ray 3.5 Stars Arrival - Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars John Wick - Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars View All LATEST NEWS ULTRA HD / BLU-RAY John Lee Hancock's 'The Founder' Blu-ray Pre-Orders Live 'Divorce: The Complete First Season' Blu-ray Announced 'The Young Pope' Starring Jude Law Dated for Blu-ray ClassicFlix Announces Upcoming Blu-ray Lineup Damien Chazelle's 'La La Land' Dated & Detailed for Blu-ray & Ultra HD Blu-ray Paramount Details 'Monster Trucks' for Blu-ray Irvin Berwick's 'Malibu High' Blu-ray Bound 'The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly: 50th Anniversary Edition' Announced for Blu-ray Peter Bogdanovich's 'Saint Jack' Dated for Blu-ray Don Coscarelli’s 'The Phantasm Collection' New Blu-ray Supplements Revealed View All GAMES High-Def Digest's Game of the Year 2016 'Destiny's Sequel Will Feature Regular Story Updates Job Listing Implies 'Cyberpunk 2077' Has Flying Vehicles 'Devil's Third' Online Servers Officially Shut Down New 'Mass Effect: Andromeda' Footage Coming at CES 2017 'Cube Life: Island Survival' Gets Nintendo Switch Trailer 'Hitman's Last Elusive Target of 2016 Is Now Available Check Out 'The King of Fighters XIV's Enhanced Graphics Android Owners Can "Pre-Register" to Buy 'Super Mario Run' 2016's Final Nintendo eShop Update Features 'Mario Kart 64' and 'Pokémon' 3DS Themes View All HD GEAR Denon Details New S-Series AV Receiver Lineup, Prices Start at $279 Netflix Teases Aziz Ansari's 'Master of None' Season Two, Streaming Premiere Set for May 12 Amazon Reveals April 7 Premiere Date for 'American Playboy: The Hugh Hefner Story' Samsung Readies MS750 Soundbar & New "The Frame" Display Unrated Cut of Ken Russell's Controversial 'The Devils' Hits Shudder Streaming Service Netflix Set to Complete Orson Welles' Last Film 'The Other Side of the Wind' Samsung Announces April Launch for UBD-M9500 Ultra HD Blu-ray Player, Price Set for $399 Netflix Releases Trailer for 'Dave Chappelle: Two Cities, One Event,' Streaming Premiere Set for March 21 Sony Unveils Pricing and Availability for BRAVIA OLED 4K HDR TV Lineup, Prices Start at $5,000 HDD Gear Deals: Up to 76% off Digital HDTV Antennas View All THE BONUS VIEW ‘T2 Trainspotting’ Review: Choose Life… Again ‘The Sense of an Ending’ Review: Melancholic Memory ‘The Flash’ 3.16 Recap: “What If Some Things Can’t Be Undone?” ‘Bates Motel’ 5.04 Recap: “Nothing a Few New Shower Curtains Can’t Fix” Poll: Have You Bought a Nintendo Switch? ‘Goon: Last of the Enforcers’ Review: A Hokey Hockey Sequel ‘The Walking Dead’ 7.13 Recap: “You Have to Kill” Dolby Atmos Beyond 7.1.4 – Part 3: Hacking Audyssey Weekend Box Office: Hail to the King, Baby Blu-ray Highlights: Week of March 12th, 2017 – Don’t Fence Me In View All High-Def Digest Bringing you all the best reviews of high definition entertainment. Founded in April 2006, High-Def Digest is the ultimate guide for High-Def enthusiasts who demand only the best that money can buy. Updated daily and in real-time, we track all high-def disc news and release dates, and review the latest disc titles. Copyright © 2017 Internet Brands, Inc. All rights reserved. Blu-ray News Reviews Release Dates Amazon Pre-orders HD DVD Archive Games News Reviews Release Dates Amazon Pre-orders Blog 3D At the Movies HD Content Home Theater TV Forums Blu-ray Software Blu-ray Bargains HD Smackdown Gaming Smackdown Home Theater Gear Our Site Web Search Connect with us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe via RSS About Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Disclaimer Careers Advertising Feedback
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Gear & Gadgets — RunIQ review: New Balance goes after runners with Android Wear and Strava Just because an athletic company made it doesn’t mean it’s made for athletes. Valentina Palladino - Mar 12, 2017 2:00 pm UTC Enlarge Valentina Palladino reader comments 29 Share this story New Balance and Intel have teamed up to release one of the first new Android Wear watches of the year. The RunIQ fitness watch is a runner's companion that features built-in support for Strava, as well as New Balance's own running app. Since it has every necessary sensor you'd need to track a workout, it's also competing with the most equipped smartwatches on the market, including the Apple Watch Series 2, the LG Watch Sport, and even the Garmin Fenix 3 HR. Stuffed with a GPS, optical heart-rate monitor, and more, the $299 RunIQ wants to be the smartwatch that runners choose to wear both on the trail and at the office. But just because it was developed by one of the biggest athletic apparel companies in the country doesn't mean it's the most valuable tool a runner could have. Look and feel Further ReadingLG Watch Sport review: Google’s bulky watch breaks free from the smartphone What Nike did with its model of the Apple Watch Series 2, New Balance did with the RunIQ Android Wear fitness watch. It's an all-black mammoth of a tracker with a 1.39-inch, 400×400-pixel, AMOLED display embedded in a thick, matte black case. On the crown are three physical buttons, up- and down-select buttons, and a larger, middle home button that's branded with a tiny New Balance logo. The top button opens the default running app, which is Strava on this device; the middle button acts like most similar buttons do on Android Wear by bringing up the app drawer; and the bottom button acts as a one-touch lap counter while you're recording a run. Two halves of a standard 22mm band attach to the case, and New Balance made the RunIQ's band out of soft-touch silicone. This makes it quite flexible, and the small holes throughout the wristband give you plenty of tightening options. You can use other 22mm bands with the case, but the default black silicone band compliments the subtle style of the case. As a watch, it's slick in a weird, dark way, and it looks more presentable than LG's $349 Watch Sport. But the RunIQ definitely doesn't have the style or professional look that Garmin's $549 Fenix 3 HR has. If you like the sporty aesthetic, you may enjoy New Balance's fitness watch. The entire design is also water-resistant up to 5 ATM, or 50 meters. But it's not designed to track swimming exercises. At 14mm, the RunIQ watch is also really thick. This isn't surprising since it holds an accelerometer, gyroscope, GPS, GLONASS, and optical heart rate monitor. All those sensors take up plenty of real estate, and while the 2.6-ounce RunIQ isn't particularly heavy, it feels large on my wrist compared to the Apple Watch Series 2 (which also includes all those sensors). Its 410-mAh battery should help it last 24 hours on a single charge, or up to five hours when in GPS mode. On our Android Wear battery test, the RunIQ watch lasted an average of 271 minutes, or just about 4.5 hours. That's on the low side for a fitness gadget, but not unheard of in smartwatches—those numbers are roughly in line with what you'll get from an Apple Watch. Nightly charging is something you'll just have to deal with. New Balance's $299 RunIQ Android Wear running watch. Valentina Palladino Its 1.39-inch AMOLED display. Valentina Palladino New Balance's watch face featuring complications is on the display by default. Valentina Palladino The soft-touch silicone band has many perforations. Valentina Palladino The optical heart rate monitor. Valentina Palladino Small, moveable pins allow you to change out the band, if you're so inclined. Valentina Palladino Three physical buttons access the RunIQ app, reveal the app drawer, and count laps. Valentina Palladino (From left) Garmin Fenix 3 HR, New Balance Run IQ, LG Watch Sport. Valentina Palladino Features The RunIQ watch is primarily a running device supported by New Balance and Strava software. It's not running Android Wear 2.0, but it will be updated this spring to the newest version of Google's wearable OS. A New Balance representative told me the best features of the new Google Fit, including exercise recognition and rep counting, may come to the RunIQ watch, but that hasn't been confirmed yet. The watch still has no official date for being updated to Android Wear 2.0 either. The default watch face is New Balance-branded, with the time in large numbers in the middle. Three complications let you easily access the device's heart rate monitor, start a new run (with New Balance's RunIQ app), or check your daily step count. You can also check daily activity stats, including steps, calories, and distance, in Google Fit if you prefer, and you can use the pre-installed Strava app to start recording a run. Having New Balance's run-recording complication on the home screen is odd and redundant when Strava is the "default" running app. Both apps let you do the same thing, so there's really no "default app" confining you—but all your data, no matter which app you record it with, gets uploaded to Strava. You can also download any sport app you want that's available on Android Wear, so if neither of those is your cup of tea, you can switch easily. I downloaded Runtastic as well, just to see how the tracking experience differs from the two preloaded apps. New Balance's RunIQ app handles all the activity tracking on the watch, which is useful during a workout. You can either tap the center complication on the watch face to open RunIQ or press the top button on the watch's crown. The sheer size of the display and its large, blocky white typography make seeing stats easy at a glance. The display has four different screens you can swipe through: one has a duration timer and your current pace, another has your heart rate in real time, one has your steps per minute in real time, and a final screen counts your laps. New Balance stresses the use of the bottom side button as an easier way to define laps during a workout than fumbling your potentially sweaty fingers over the touch display. That button is definitely more convenient: I set the display to the heart rate screen and never had to touch it again until I wanted to end the workout. I only pressed the bottom button to divide my time with laps. The RunIQ's optical heart rate monitor is accurate when measuring lower beats per minute, staying within 3 BPM of the Polar H7 chest strap most of the time. It was occasionally overzealous and rose a couple beats higher than my actual heart rate. But it only took an extra second or two to level out and match the chest strap's reading. Running was a different story though, and the RunIQ watch was a bit all over the heart rate map. It wasn't totally inaccurate, just jumpy: at its best, the RunIQ watch was within 3 BPM of the H7 chest strap even while measuring BPMs in the 170s. I do a lot of running/walking sessions, in which I alternate sprinting and walking for a few minutes each. The RunIQ watch mostly tripped up when it sensed my heart rate lowering at the beginning of a walking segment. While the H7 chest strap had no issue reporting a gradual slow down from 179 BPM to 145 BPM, the RunIQ watch dropped more quickly to about 111 BPM. It would then take 30 seconds to a minute or so to recalibrate back to about 135 BPM. At its worst, the RunIQ watch leveled out to 10 BPM lower than the H7 chest strap. GPS and music The RunIQ watch's GPS, on the other hand, was great to use. The GPS automatically searches for your location when you open the RunIQ app, before you start a run. It took only one to three seconds to find my location most of the time, and you can also start tracking an activity while it locates you. Other devices make you wait to begin your exercise until it finds your location, but not the RunIQ. Out of RunIQ, Strava, and Runtastic, RunIQ is my favorite Android Wear app to use to track running on this watch, mostly because it shows a variety of stats during a workout. The native Strava and Runtastic apps only show you duration, distance, and sometimes pace, and Runtastic doesn't even automatically record your heart rate (even though the RunIQ watch has that sensor). In the Runtastic mobile app, you can pair the Runtastic-branded chest strap, the Basis Peak, a Runtastic receiver, or "other" heart rate monitors. But I always got an error when I tried pairing the RunIQ watch with it. The RunIQ watch has 4GB of storage, which is crucial for runners who don't want to take their smartphone with them but still want to listen to music through Google Play Music. New Balance came out with a pair of wireless earbuds in collaboration with Jabra recently, but the company says other wireless headphones, including TK, are supported as well. Google Play Music syncing only works when the device is connected to an Android smartphone, though. iPhone users are out of luck. Page: 1 2 Next → Valentina Palladino Valentina is the Associate Reviewer for Ars Technica, covering all gadgets with a focus on mobile devices and wearables. She has a soft spot for Chromebooks. Twitter @valentinalucia reader comments 29 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Home About Contact Membership Store Donate USA Canada Latin America Africa Middle East Europe Russia & FSU Asia Oceania Notre site en Français: mondialisation.ca Español Italiano Deutsch Português srpski العربية Asia-Pacific Research Global Research grtv youtube twitter facebook rss US-NATO War Economy Civil Rights Environment Poverty Media Justice Terrorism War Crimes Militarization History Science Wikileaks Vault 7 Highlights Importance of Tech Self-Sufficiency By Ulson Gunnar Global Research, March 12, 2017 New Eastern Outlook 11 March 2017 Region: USA Theme: Intelligence Leaked document clearinghouse Wikileaks has recently released an immense collection of documents detailing the US Central Intelligence Agency’s (CIA) vast and literally Orwellian surveillance and spying capabilities. The International Business Times in an article titled, “What’s in Vault 7? WikiLeaks publishes huge trove of CIA secrets,” would explain: WikiLeaks has revealed the contents of the long-awaited Vault 7 – a huge batch of documents allegedly detailing the hacking tools used by the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). The whistle-blowing organisation said it may be the largest intelligence publication in history. It also stated that these tools were used across hacked platforms. It reported: This includes Samsung TVs, Microsoft Windows, Apple iPhones and smartphones using Google’s Android operating system. The techniques could be used to give the CIA the ability “bypass the encryption” of WhatsApp, Signal, Telegram, Wiebo and Confide, WikiLeaks said. In George Orwell’s classic novel 1984, TVs would surveil  the population, serving like a universal closed circuit television (CCTV) network. The incremental emergence of just such a surveillance state since the book’s publication has often been described as “Orwellian.” With devices such as phones, laptops, and smart TVs like those manufactured by Samsung now quite literally surveilling the public, the consequences warned of in Orwell’s works have now become a reality. While the revelations from Vault 7 suggest the US CIA and its European counterparts exploited commercial platforms to build its invasive spying network, some analysts have pointed out that many of these security exploits, backdoors and surveillance features have most likely been created with the explicit cooperation of large technology corporations. Australia’s Financial Review revealed in 2013 in an article titled, “Intel chips could let US spies inside: expert,” that: One of Silicon Valley’s most respected technology experts, Steve Blank, says he would be “surprised” if the US National Security Agency was not embedding “back doors” inside chips produced by Intel and AMD, two of the world’s largest semiconductor firms, giving them the possibility to access and control machines. Corporations like Google and Facebook, the former of which created and maintains the above mentioned Android mobile operating system, openly collaborate with the United States government and the corporate and financial interests that dominate its domestic and foreign policy. It is highly likely, that in addition to assisting US special interests in the subversion of foreign nations and the facilitation of global war and instability, both corporations are also deeply involved in assisting in surveillance, spying and manipulating the public. Decentralizing IT  The alliance between these special interests and technology corporations, particularly in light of this most recent deluge of leaked documents, highlights the fundamental importance of decentralizing the design, development, manufacturing and distribution of information technology. Nations like Russia and China already find themselves in need of producing their own computer hardware and software. The use of domestically produced processors for government computers in Russia represents one tangible solution that can be used to overcome this obvious and growing problem. Nations like Russia and China also have developed their own social media networks, search engines and even operating systems to protect their respective information spaces. Nations that rely on “security experts” from abroad often find themselves the victims of elaborate infiltration efforts that end up compromising their information space more than had they taken no measures at all. Nations like Russia and China have entire pipelines through which human resources can be created and utilized for the construction of domestic information technology infrastructure and security. Other nations, particularly in the developing world must also create similar pipelines and organizations like Google and Facebook to dilute and displace the unwarranted influence these foreign tech giants have within their borders. Likening IT security to national security, one would find it equally absurd to entrust the former to a foreign agency or enterprise. No nation would reasonably entrust the defense of their physical borders to an outside military force, so why entrust the security of their information space to similarly foreign organizations? Yet that is precisely what is happening around the world. The CIA’s overreaching power as described in the Vault 7 leaks is only possible because of the vast reach of each and every platform the US intelligence agency used in constructing its techno-panopticon. Corporations like Samsung, Microsoft, Apple and Google reach into virtually every nation on Earth where information technology is prevalent, creating a virtual sea for the CIA’s sharks to swim through and hunt in. Draining this sea through decentralizing the control these corporations currently enjoy, vastly limits the hunting grounds the CIA has access to. Despite Vault 7 making this unpleasant reality a matter of public debate and concern, being aware of such vast abuses made possible by equally vast tech monopolies is not enough. Nations and individuals creating alternatives beyond the reach of the CIA and other agencies and entities like it  is essential in rolling back or at least complicating these invasive efforts. Similar threats to privacy and security exist both across the growing “cloud” online, as well as throughout the growing physical network known as the “Internet of Things.” And while both currently consist of likewise monopolized services and platforms, there is no reason why decentralized services and platforms cannot be used instead. Designers and developers around the world already have created and have made available (many times for free) such alternatives allowing people to create their own cloud servers and services as well as their own private “Internet of Things,” independent of universal networks agencies like the CIA have likely infiltrated and compromised. As a matter of national policy, governments around the world, outside of and targeted by the US-Euro surveillance network must make IT security as much a priority today, in the modern age of information and computing, as  conventional armies, navies and air forces have been in protecting a nation’s physical territory. Ulson Gunnar, a New York-based geopolitical analyst and writer especially for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook”. The original source of this article is New Eastern Outlook Copyright © Ulson Gunnar, New Eastern Outlook, 2017 Comment on Global Research Articles on our Facebook page Become a Member of Global Research Articles by: Ulson Gunnar Disclaimer: The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s). The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible for any inaccurate or incorrect statement in this article. The Center of Research on Globalization grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified. The source and the author's copyright must be displayed. For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites, contact: [email protected] www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of "fair use" in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than "fair use" you must request permission from the copyright owner. For media inquiries: [email protected] Latest News / Top Stories Selected Articles: Trump’s Trillion Dollar Infrastructure Scam, Impacts of Vaccines: Autism and Alzheimer’s, Rwanda: Kagame’s Economic Mirage The Whole POINT of the Internet of Things Is So “Big Brother” Can Spy On You International Banks Targeted for Prosecution in South Africa Stop Protecting the Criminality of the Global Pesticides Industry The History of Free Speech in Australia Derogation of the Rights of Forest Communities Worldwide Trump’s One Trillion Dollar Infrastructure Boondoggle. Handing Over Public Assets to Private Corporations Kagame’s Economic Mirage in Rwanda UN Committee of Inquiry (COI) on Syria Ignores Atrocities Committed by US Supported Terrorists Revolutions Are Bloody, But So Is Doing Nothing Impending Danger: Today’s “Super-Fuzed”, Super-Powerful US Thermonuclear Weapons Directed against Russia. “How is This Going to End?” (Putin) Diplomatic Remedies for THAAD Missile Madness: The US, China and the Two Koreas Poll: Twice as Many Americans Support Obamacare as Support Trumpcare Third Time’s The Charm – The Neocons Want Another “Sunni Insurgency” A Soft Coup, or Preserving Our Democracy? Most Popular All Articles Global Research Publishers Click Here To Order Online News Themes Terrorism Biotechnology and GMO Crimes against Humanity Culture, Society & History Environment Global Economy Intelligence Law and Justice Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Civil Rights Politics and Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights I-Books Series IN-DEPTH REPORTS UKRAINE REPORT SYRIA: NATO’S NEXT WAR? IRAN: THE NEXT WAR? IRAQ REPORT AFGHANISTAN CLIMATE CHANGE CRIMINALIZE WAR DEPLETED URANIUM FAKE INTELLIGENCE HAITI NATO’S WAR ON LIBYA NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR WAR OCCUPY WALL STREET PAKISTAN PALESTINE THE BALKANS GLOBAL RESEARCH VIDEOS The global research news hour U.S. Elections Join us on Facebook Partner Websites Project Censored Stop NATO Strategic Culture Foundation The Corbett Report Washington's Blog youtube twitter facebook rss Global Research News I-BOOKS SERIES Countries Index Authors Index Most Popular Links Contact Membership Online Store Themes Geographic Regions US NATO War Agenda Global Economy Crimes against Humanity Militarization and WMD Law and Justice Police State & Civil Rights Culture, Society & History 9/11 & ‘War on Terrorism’ Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Police State & Civil Rights Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights USA Canada Middle East & North Africa Latin America & Caribbean Europe sub-Saharan Africa Russia and FSU Asia Oceania GlobalResearch Center for Research on Globalization Privacy Policy Copyright © 2005-2017 GlobalResearch.ca
Home Entertainment BellaNaija Ladun Liadi Linda Ikeji Nigerian Newspapers Daily Times Guardian Newspaper National Mirror Punch Newspaper The Nation Newspaper Nigerian Pilot Newspaper Vanguard Newspaper Nigeria News PM News Premium Times TV Stations Channels TV Lagos Television TVC News TV Continental Videos Music Videos Notjustok Tooxclusive News Videos YOHAIG Think YOruba HAusa IGbo Know The Features Of Intel Core I3, Core I5 & Core I7 Processors Posted March 12, 2017 7:38 am by admin Comments Intel Corporation, commonly called as Intel has been releasing a wide range of microprocessors over the last few years. A very significant batch of these microprocessors is Intel’s Core I Family. The Core family comprises of the basic entry-level processors successfully replacing the previous Pentium and Celeron family of processors. There are 3 variants in the core I family, namely, i3, i5 and the i7 processor. These processors have been named on the basis of their performance, with core i3 beginning at the base level performance, i5 as mid-range performance and i7 as high performance processors. 1. Core i3: It is an entry level dual core processor with X86 architecture. It also comes with integrated GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) but lacks Turbo boost functionality, hence running at lower clock speeds than the other core variants. The lowest number of cores is found in Core i3 CPUs as it comes with only two cores. As of now all Core i3s are dual-core processors. The Intel i3-560 with a clock speed of 3.33 Ghz has the highest clock speed amongst the core i3 variants. 2. Core i5: The core i5 comes as a quadcore(i5-661 being the only dual core variant) processor with integrated GPU. The clock speeds here are relatively higher than the core i3. It also comes with Turbo boost technology which helps in meeting the processor based demands of heavy applications. The Intel i5-4440 has a clock speed of 3.33 Ghz, which is the highest processor speed amongst all the i5 variants. 3. Core i7: The core i7 is a quad core (4-Core), 64-bit processor which offers significantly higher clock speeds than the previous processors. It has Turbo boost technology as well as hyper threading enabled which makes it one of the best competitors in high end consumer market. The Intel i7-4790K has the highest clock speed of 4.0 Ghz with turbo boost up to 4.4 Ghz Difference between Intel Cores The Intel cores have a variety of differences, but to put it simple and straight forward manner, the i7 packs the heaviest punch of the three Intel core processors. That is, the i7 is powerful in terms of processing capabilities than the rest and the i5 delivers more performance than the i3. A more technical insight is provided below: Number of Cores: With greater number of cores, more processes or threads can be executed at once thereby directly affecting the computing as well as multi-tasking capabilities of the processor. Here, the i7(8 and 4 Core) and i5(4 and 2 core) are hands down, better than the i3 which is a dual core. For example: Consider yourself simultaneously working on 10 different applications on your system. You will be getting a better experience in multi-tasking on the i5 and i7 processors as they can execute more processes simultaneously, whereas the i3 will relatively lag behind. Intel Turbo Boost: The Intel Turbo Boost technology allows the processor to increase its clock speed whenever need arises depending on the processor temperature, number of active cores etc. The i7 and i5 come with this technology whereas the i3 lacks the feature. A small illustration here will give you a better insight of the Turbo boost technology. Suppose an i5 as well as an i3 processor is locked at 3GHz. Now when a heavy application runs on both processors, the i5 can notch up from the 3GHz limit when required leaving behind the i3 processor. Cache Size: The cache memory is a high speed memory which stores the most frequently accessed data from the Main memory (System Hard Drive). As a result, the application or data which is frequently accessed by you, is available instantly for use, just like the RAM(Random Access Memory). Both the RAM and the cache, store the frequently accessed data. Without them, the CPU would have to always read the Main memory to access data, which would eventually slow down the processes. The basic difference between RAM and cache is that, the RAM helps to minimize the interaction of the CPU with the main memory whereas the cache helps to minimize the interaction of the RAM with the CPU. This is because the cache memory is directly embedded into the CPU and is therefore faster than the RAM. Now, with higher cache size, more frequently used data can be stored thereby speeding up the processes. The i3 merely has a 3Mb cache size whereas, the i7 and i5 have 8MB and 6Mb cache size respectively. This clarifies why the i7 out shines over the i5 and i5 over the i3. Hyper-Threading: Hyper-Threading technology by Intel allows the processor to execute more than one thread (processes) simultaneously. (A thread is the smallest unit or sequence of an instruction that the CPU performs.)The i3 and i7 have the hyper-threading capability whereas the i5 (except a few variants like i5-661) lacks the functionality. So, if you are looking for a high performance system which exploits multi-tasking then you should probably opt for the i7 or in case of moderate usage, the i5. But if you are looking for more of an entry-level system with some light usage, then i3 is the processor to go for. If you find this article useful, do like and share it with your friends to help them get a better understanding of the various Intel processors available in the market and buy the perfect one, according to their needs. If you have any queries regarding this article, please feel free to comment below. cc: mynd44 lalasticlala seun FP Source: http://www.mokoshalb.com/2016/06/comparing-features-of-intels-core-i3-i5.html What do you think? Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Related posts: Seven things to look out for when buying a computer Battery Life The Battery Life is directly or indirectly the first need of any user. If the device’s battery system... Intel’s 3D X-point: 1000 times faster than flash? It might seem at first glance that the average person doesn’t need faster storage. He is probably used to waiting... Innovation, entrepreneurship, diversification can revamp economy – Intel One of the leading innovation and technology giants, Intel has reassured its commitment to providing innovative technologies, partnerships, and investments... MainOne, Intel, Whogohost target SMEs with cloud-hosted services To further strengthen its bond in deepening Cloud penetration in Nigeria, West Africa’s leading connectivity and data center solutions company,... Intel flags off developer zone at IDDN 2015 Intel Corporation has flagged off the Intel Developer Zone (IDZ) program in Nigeria to local developers at its just concluded... We provide connectivity, relevant content to Nigerian SMEs – Intel Olubunmi Ekundare is the Managing Director of Intel Corporation, West Africa. In this interview with Emeka Aginam, he outlined Intel... INTEL drives telecom inclusion agenda with hackathon series As part of its capacity building initiatives, Nigeria’s Technology and Innovation giant, Intel, actively participated in the Universal Service Provision... Intel trains women in ICT proficiency Intel Corporation. Photo; topics.nytimes Piqued by the low exposure to information technology among girls and women, Intel Corporation Nigeria has... MainOne, Intel tie up with Whogohost to boost SMEs with cloud-hosted services Committed to the national broadband strategy to enable local content and increase job creation in Nigeria, broadband service provider, MainOne... “5 Most Affordable Smartphones In Nigeria” 1. Itel S31- N28,0002G: Yes (GSM 850/900/1800/1900)MHZ3G: Yes (HSDPA 900/1900/2100)MHZScreen Size: 5.50 Inch HD IPS Capacitive TouchscreenFeatures: 5 Level Face... < YOHAIG home CategoriesSelect CategoryEntertainment   BellaNaija   Ladun Liadi   Linda Ikeji   Stella Dimoko KorkusLatest NewsMobile Phones   Tecno PhonesNigeria Forum   NairalandNigeria News   PM News   Premium Times   Sahara ReportersNigerian Newspapers   Daily Independent   Daily Post   Daily Times   Guardian Newspaper   National Mirror   Nigerian Pilot Newspaper   Punch Newspaper   Sun Newspaper   The Nation Newspaper   Vanguard NewspaperSports Betting   1960bet   Bet9jaTV Stations   Channels TV   Lagos Television   Ogun State Television   TV Continental   TVC NewsVideos   Music Videos      Notjustok      Tooxclusive   News Videos Search for: Sports Betting 1960bet.com Bet9ja.com Merrybet.com Contact Us | Copyright | Disclaimer | Privacy | T&C Office Address: YOHAIG - 7 Morenike Carrena Close, Off Old Otta Road, Orile Agege, Lagos State, Nigeria. Telephone:+2348085257512
₦airaland Forum Welcome, Guest: Join Nairaland / LOGIN! / Trending / Recent / New Stats: 1,765,131 members, 3,422,918 topics. Date: Friday, 17 March 2017 at 01:53 AM This topic has been removed or hidden Sections: politics (1) business autos (1) jobs (1) career education (1) romance computers phones travel sports fashion health religion celebs tv-movies music-radio literature webmasters programming techmarket Links: (0) (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) Nairaland - Copyright © 2005 - 2017 Oluwaseun Osewa. All rights reserved. See How To Advertise. 5 Disclaimer: Every Nairaland member is solely responsible for anything that he/she posts or uploads on Nairaland.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 March 2017 by Military News Here’s Why the Best Is Yet to Come for Microsoft Corporation Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) shares rallied 24% over the past 12 months, hitting a historic high and outperforming the S&P 500’s 18% gain. However, that rally also boosted Microsoft’s trailing P/E to 30, which is slightly higher than the industry average of 29 for business software companies. Some investors may believe that premium puts a near-term ceiling over Microsoft’s stock price. While that may be true, Microsoft can still probably climb higher over the long term thanks to three major catalysts. Image source: Pixabay. 1. Its growing cloud ecosystem Back in 2015, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella declared that  Microsoft would generate $20 billion in annual cloud revenues by the end of fiscal 2018. At the time, its commercial cloud businesses had an annual run rate of $6.3 billion. That figure  topped $14 billion last quarter — indicating that it could hit Nadella’s target and account for nearly a fifth of the company’s estimated revenues in  2018. Most of Microsoft’s cloud revenues come from its main cloud services, Office 365, Outlook, and the Dynamics CRM (customer relationship management) platform. A smaller portion comes from its cloud platform Azure, which lends out storage, computing power, analytics, and development tools to enterprise customers. Microsoft doesn’t disclose Azure’s exact sales figures, but it claimed that its revenue rose 93% annually and its computing usage more than doubled last quarter. All that growth could offset Microsoft’s biggest weakness — its slowing sales of Windows licenses. 2. Its disruptive moves into new markets Microsoft’s biggest mistake over the past decade was missing the technological shift toward mobile devices, which left it chained to the aging PC platform as iOS and Android devices flooded the market. But under Nadella, Microsoft is pushing back with disruptive moves of its own. Its acquisition of LinkedIn enhances Dynamics with  more enterprise data, which can help it challenge CRM market leader Salesforce (NYSE: CRM) . Tighter connections between LinkedIn, Office 365, and Outlook can also widen the moat of its enterprise tools against challengers like Google’s G Suite. Microsoft’s recent introduction of Teams, which merges Skype for Business, Office 365, OneNote, and other features on a cloud-based collaboration platform, counters similar platforms like Slack and Cisco ‚s Spark. Microsoft’s HoloLens. Image source: Microsoft. Microsoft also made bold moves on the hardware front. It recently announced that it had already sold „thousands” of  HoloLens AR headset development kits, and the  upcoming Windows 10 Creators update will add 3D image capture and editing tools to let artists and developers create 3D objects which can be viewed in the headset. Microsoft also announced that  its hardware partners will launch high-end VR headsets starting at $300 — about half the price of an Oculus Rift. Those moves could all put Microsoft ahead of the tech curve again. 3. Embracing ARM-based devices, Android, and iOS Microsoft once had a misplaced devotion to x86 processors and its own operating system. By sticking with Intel ‚s(NASDAQ: INTC) x86 chips instead of supporting ARM chips, Microsoft locked itself out of the smartphone and tablet markets, which overwhelmingly used ARM’s more power-efficient processors. The company eventually pivoted toward ARM chips with Windows RT and Windows Phone, but apps for those devices were initially incompatible with older x86-based machines. To move past that awkward phase, Microsoft launched new versions of Windows 10 which were  fully compatible with both Intel’s x86 chips and Qualcomm ‚s(NASDAQ: QCOM) ARM-based Snapdragon chips. It also recently announced that it will run its Azure cloud platform on  Qualcomm’s ARM-based Centriq 2400 server solutions. These moves could hurt Intel’s dominance of the PC and data center markets. As for mobile devices, it’s clear that Windows Phone and Windows 10 Mobile — which runs on less than  1% of smartphones worldwide — were failures. But instead of pushing out more expensive hardware, Microsoft downsized its mobile business and focused on launching more apps for Android and iOS. This meant that PC users could still access Microsoft’s Office 365, Outlook, OneDrive, and other services on the go even if they didn’t own a Windows Phone — which keeps Microsoft relevant in  the „mobile-first, cloud-first world” which Nadella discussed at the beginning of his tenure. The key takeaways Under former CEO Steve Ballmer, Microsoft complacently milked its Windows and Office cash cows. That complacency caused it to miss the shift toward cloud services and mobile devices, but Satya Nadella seems to know how to get the company back on track. Under Nadella, Microsoft is focusing on the businesses that work, like the cloud, and reducing its exposure to costly mobile hardware. Microsoft is also investing in the future by expanding its enterprise ecosystem and developing new AR and VR hardware. To me, all these moves indicate that Microsoft’s best days are still ahead. 10 stocks we like better than Microsoft When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Microsoft wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of February 6, 2017 Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Leo Sun owns shares of Cisco Systems and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Cisco Systems, Intel, and Salesforce.com. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, capture, Companies, company, Computing, front, Industry, major, Markets, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Why Are Fewer Americans Filing Taxes This Year? Next PostNext 3 Things Every Investor Needs to Know About Sonus Networks Search Recent Posts AJC Statement on President Trump’s 2018 Budget Proposal Interview with David Koch Cloudbric Announces Major IDC Expansion Into US, Europe, and Southeast Asia Secretary Perry Statement on the Budget Blueprint Secretary Perry Statement on the Budget Blueprint Proudly powered by WordPress
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment Will.i.am Is Making A Comic With Marvel And It Sounds Totally Wild First Look At New Devilman Anime Fine Art: A Masterclass In Character Design Somehow The Fate Of Superman And Lois Lane Just Got More Insane Esports The League Of Legends Team House That Fell Apart Meet The Street Fighter Pro Who Intentionally Picks Underrated Characters Hotel Noise Complaint Forces Fighting Game Competitors To Cheer Very Quietly Smash Bros. Players Are Desperate To Solve The 11-Year Mystery Of Ness' Super Yo-Yo Glitch Xbox Microsoft Adds Feature That Can't Possibly Go Wrong Trove's Blocky MMO Battles Come To Consoles Wait, So Killer Croc Lives Right Next To The Batcave In Injustice 2? Rockstar Fans Are Finding Red Dead Redemption 2 Clues In The Strangest Places PlayStation Horizon: Zero Dawn Sells 2.6 Million, Gets An Expansion A Short List Of Things That Have Killed Me In Horizon Zero Dawn How To Solve The PS4's 4.50 Network Problem Until Sony Actually Fixes It Horizon Zero Dawn Made Me Love Video Games Again Nintendo Four Indie Games Launch On Nintendo Switch My Quest For The Prettiest Horses In Breath Of The Wild Seven Years Later, Pokemon Player Finally Maxes Out Pokewalker Tell Us Dammit: The Best Zelda Game PC People Are Ripping Apart Mass Effect: Andromeda's Animation Someone's Remaking Tomb Raider 2 In The Unreal Engine You Should Play These Games About Political Resistance Seven Cool Games From PAX East To Watch Out For Mobile Fire Emblem Heroes Is Getting A Hardcore Battle Mode Smite's Clash Royale-Style Spin-Off Put 'On Hold' An App For People Going To Nerd Conventions Breakforcist Is A Tasty Combination Of Breakout And Breakfast In Real Life Deals: Charge Your iPhone 7 And Listen to Music With These 2-In-1 Cables What Are You Playing This Weekend? The Story Of The Real Life Iceman While You Were Sleeping Retro ScribbleTaku Capcom Bundles Six Remastered Disney Afternoon Classics Unreleased Primal Rage 2 Can Now Be Played By Everyone ScribbleTaku Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro Deals: Charge Your iPhone 7 And Listen to Music With These 2-In-1 Cables People Are Ripping Apart Mass Effect: Andromeda's Animation The League Of Legends Team House That Fell Apart Here's Why Outlast 2 Was Refused Classification In Australia Ryzen And Windows 10: Does AMD Have A Performance Problem? Logan Booker Mar 13, 2017, 9:45am ⋅ Filed to:  amd Australian Stories cpus hardware pc ryzen windows windows 10 Share Image: AMD A new architecture from a processor vendor is always going to snag the attention of hardware lovers and their magnifying glasses. AMD's Zen, found in its freshly stamped Ryzen line is the current target and amongst all the numbers, testers have discovered something interesting; a discrepancy in the Ryzen's performance and Windows 10. But which party is to blame — if any? AMD always falls under more scrutiny than Intel, which is unfortunate, but expected. When you've played second fiddle for so long, there's a massive expectation for each new product to be "the one", the silicon jewel that restores the company to its former glory. Yes, the Athlon days are well and truly behind us, but AMD is packed with smart cookies; there's every chance one day it'll knock one out of the park. That's not to say Intel is by any means perfect. It's the king of the CPU hill, but that unchallenged position appears to have translated into relaxing its QA processes. Bugs with the company's chips have started to pop up with increasing frequency and although they've had little bearing on consumers, they are worrying nonetheless. Today, however, it's AMD under the spotlight. Allyn Malventano over a PCper, after hearing about some odd numbers from Ryzen, decided to do some digging. Here's an explanation of the issue: Initial reviews of AMD's Ryzen CPU revealed a few inefficiencies in some situations particularly in gaming workloads running at the more common resolutions like 1080p, where the CPU comprises more of a bottleneck when coupled with modern GPUs. Lots of folks have theorized about what could possibly be causing these issues, and most recent attention appears to have been directed at the Windows 10 scheduler and its supposed inability to properly place threads on the Ryzen cores for the most efficient processing. PCper even went so far as to cook up a custom app to see just how Windows was managing its threading workloads. Malventano's investigation is peppered with more graphs than a marketing PowerPoint by Microsoft's Excel team, but taken together tell an interesting story: Information from this custom application, along with the storage performance tool example above, clearly show that Windows 10 is attempting to balance work on Ryzen between cores in the same manner that we have experienced with Intel and its HyperThreaded processors for many years ... it validates that Windows 10 is correctly enumerating the core structure of Ryzen and thus the scheduling comparisons we made above are 100% accurate. Windows 10 does not have a scheduling conflict on Ryzen processors. The conclusion suggests that there is a problem, one AMD itself is looking into, but it doesn't involve Windows 10. Well, the scheduler anyway. Maybe not the definitive answer some might be looking for, but it does mean testers can start looking into other areas. AMD Ryzen and the Windows 10 Scheduler — No Silver Bullet [PCper] Comments iamskip @iamskip Mar 12, 2017, 1:34pm This video provides an interesting insight about what causes the problem, and says using a NUMA scheduler (similar to how windows manages dual socket xeon boards) will prevent threads spilling over between each Ryzen CCX unit, and hopefully reduce the issues we are seeing. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40h4skxDkh4 Reply 0 skrybe @skrybe Mar 12, 2017, 2:50pm Are you sure? Seems like they're pretty certain it's a scheduler issue. http://windowsreport.com/amd-ryzen-performance/ Reply 0 Zombie Jesus @zombiejesus Mar 12, 2017, 5:41pm The article is badly worded, "Microsoft has officially acknowledged this issue and confirmed is working on a fix." To be more clear, what Microsoft did was acknowledge the issue existed and would look into it, no confirmation of working on anything or even that any Windows component was responsible. That's not to say there isn't a software change Microsoft can do, just that nothing has been confirmed yet. Last edited March 12, 2017 5:42 pm Reply 0 Camm @camm Mar 12, 2017, 3:57pm Ryzen's problem isn't physical vs logical core handling, its bigger problem is windows scheduler is unaware that it should be treating each core complex as non-uniform memory, and thus should be allocating tasks using similar cache calls to a single core complex. What happens at the moment is that doesn't occur, causing cache misses. The addition of SMT just adds a higher chance of causing a cache miss. Reply 0 NATHAN CARTER Guest Mar 13, 2017, 1:09am Amd doesn't have a problem. Its within windows 10. Since this can be fixed with an update, I see no real reason to make a big deal out of it. Its the tinyest difference in the world to be concerned about the performance. It will be fixed. Reply 0 OzHuski Guest Mar 12, 2017, 7:36pm Here is the quick version - its a new CPU and needs lots of optimisations by both software and hardware which will all come now that the CPU is in the hands of both Microsoft, game devs and hardware manufacturers. There hasn't been a new CPU from AMD in so long with this much performance, much like the Switch, its all being blown out of proportion because everyone's watching with baited breath. The Ryzen CPUs are monsters. Intel still appears to have the upper hand for single threaded performance, but under multi threaded performance these CPUs shine. Like any tech - if your an early adopter expect these issues and let's give it time to be resolved. For those of us who aren't, we can calmly wait for the appropriate software and hardware patches to roll out. This is the line that experienced reviewers are telling people! I'll definitely be upgrading to a Ryzen CPU for both work and play. Reply 0 riddick @riddick Mar 13, 2017, 9:52am The AM4 platform has issues which will be ironed out over the next few months, that much is certain. However the higher clocked Intel cpu's (some go up to 5ghz) will still be better performing in the games that are poorly optimized for multicore processors. Intel may try and beat AMD out by simply moving to 5ghz parts, which will likely leave AMD's 4gzh processors in the dust, and given how new 14nm is, its unlikely AMD will raise stock clocks until next year (Zen2). Reply 0 Daaaaamm,I'mLookin'Good @skinja Mar 14, 2017, 10:35am considering Ryzen are not gaming chips, i actually really surprised how well they are holding up in gaming tests compared to Intel's chips. the next 6 months will be most interesting for sure. exciting times ahead. Reply 0 Jiggle Counter @jiggle_counter Mar 13, 2017, 10:54am I swear we've had this issue back in the bulldozer days. Benchmarks came in and they were crap, and AMD said it's an OS issue, wait for Windows 8. Reply 0 looncraz Guest Mar 13, 2017, 9:30pm Difference this time is that we can make changes ourselves and see the difference very clearly... and it's sometimes as high as 25%, whereas Bulldozer only had 5% or so to gain. Reply 0 Mediasearchprogram Guest Mar 15, 2017, 9:22am Will be discussing this in a video, during testing we saw they were using windows 10, AMD even state that they did their primary testing on windows 10. This being the case they didn't forsee this bugs? I could be wrong but if you are doing testing on a new chip and using windows 10, you can't exactly blame the OS. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Here's Why Outlast 2 Was Refused Classification In Australia Alex Walker 16 Mar 2017 3:15 PM Kotaku Australia has learned that Outlast 2 has been refused classification in Australia, predominately for the depiction of implied sexual violence. Outlast 2 Has Been Refused Classification In Australia Alex Walker 16 Mar 2017 11:45 AM Scheduled for release on April 25, Outlast 2 will no longer be released in Australia after it was refused classification. Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Charge Your iPhone 7 And Listen to Music With These 2-In-1 Cables Deals: Customise Your Own Awesome Coffee Mugs Deals: This Is How You Can Learn To Take Down Hackers Deals: Learn How To Master Linux With This Certification Bundle Trending Articles 1 Here's Why Outlast 2 Was Refused Classification In Australia 2 Outlast 2 Has Been Refused Classification In Australia 3 The League Of Legends Team House That Fell Apart 4 People Are Ripping Apart Mass Effect: Andromeda's Animation 5 Horizon: Zero Dawn Sells 2.6 Million, Gets An Expansion Deals: Get 2TB Of Cloud Storage For Life Two Dead After T-Mobile 'Ghost Calls' Flood 911 Center In Texas Over 90 Per Cent Of The Great Barrier Reef Is Bleached, And May Never Recover The Story Of The Real Life Iceman Deals: Charge Your iPhone 7 And Listen to Music With These 2-In-1 Cables Will.i.am Is Making A Comic With Marvel And It Sounds Totally Wild What Are You Playing This Weekend? People Are Ripping Apart Mass Effect: Andromeda's Animation Deals: This Coffee Mug Will Bring Out Your Inner Child How To Securely Dispose Of An SSD Six Stretches To Help Your Stiff Back Feel And Move Better Rent.com.au Tells You If A Property Has The NBN In One Click The first enterprise tech IPO of the year raises $221 million, valuing it at $2.9 billion The Nintendo Switch has been great for my relationship Australia's rental market is getting its first taste of disruption New Zealand police were told to shoot a security dog that got loose at Auckland airport so planes could land © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
All News | Boards | Chips | Devices | Software | LinuxDevices.com Archive | About | Contact | Subscribe Follow LinuxGizmos: (get email updates) Search LinuxGizmos: Search LinuxGizmos.com + LinuxDevices Archive: LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Top 10 trending posts… How to add Alexa to your Raspberry Pi 3 gizmo Wireless enabled SODIMM-style COM runs Linux on new i.MX6 ULL SoC NXP's Cortex-A35 based i.MX8 X SoCs put safety first Tiny, headless, GbE-equipped, quad Cortex-A53 SBC sells for $15 Ringing in 2017 with 90 hacker-friendly single board computers Robotics savvy BeagleBone Blue SBC turns on the servos Ubuntu snaps expand to Orange Pi SBCs and a QorIQ SoC Tough, 84 x 55mm Intel Atom module offers soldered memory NXP aims new MCUs and QorIQ SoCs at IoT Tiny SBC runs Linux on Allwinner V3, costs $6 or $8 with WiFi Follow LinuxGizmos or subscribe to our posts: Follow: Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts: Email Address LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) ARM/FPGA module runs Debian on Arria 10 SoC Mar 10, 2017 — by Eric Brown — 651 views The Reflex CES Arria 10 SoC SoM runs Linux on the ARM/FPGA Arria 10 SoC, and is available with SBC and PCIe-style carrier boards. The Arria 10 SoC SoM has been listed on the Intel FPGA site — the new name for Altera — since October, when iWave’s similarly Arria 10 equipped Arria 10 SoC Module appeared. Enclustra’s Arria 10-based Mercury+ AA1 module was unveiled in January. Reflex CES recently began shipping the Debian Linux driven Arria 10 SoC SoM, along with two optional carrier boards. Arria 10 SoC SoM, front and back (click image to enlarge) The 95 x 86mm module, which is larger than either the iWave or Enclustra modules, is available separately, or as part of an SBC-like Achilles Instant-DevKit or PCIe Carrier Board. Schematics appear to be available for the carriers, and Reflex CES also provides reference designs. Arria 19 SoC SoM module as part of optional Achilles Instant-DevKit (left) and PCIe Carrier Board (click images to enlarge) Intel/Altera’s Arria 10 SX SoC is a faster, newer sibling to the Cyclone V SX, but falls well below the new Stratix 10, which combines 4x Cortex-A53 cores with a Stratix V level FPGA. The Arria 10 SoC is based on the earlier, 28nm Arria V SoC, but runs on up to 40 percent lower power despite offering faster dual Cortex-A9 cores. Arria 10 SX SoC architecture (click image to enlarge) The Arria 10 SX SoC’s FPGA delivers up to 660K LEs compared to 350LK to 462K LEs on the Arriva V SoC. There’s also an Arria 10 FPGA, which is similar to the SoC, but lacks the dual-core ARM HPS subsystem. The Arria 10 SoC offers a 2400Mbps DDR4 SDRAM interface, and an IEEE 754-compliant hard floating-point with 1,500 GFLOPS of DSP performance.   Arria 10 SoC SoM The Arria 10 SoC SoM clocks the SoC’s dual Cortex-A9 cores to 1GHz instead of the maximum 1.5GHz. It supports up to 4GB DDR4-1866 RAM each for the ARM and FPGA subsystems, for 8GB total. You also get 32GB of eMMC. Arria 10 SoC SoM (left) and Achilles Instant-DevKit block diagrams (click images to enlarge) The module offers ARM-linked I/O including dual GbE ports, a USB OTG port, a UART, and an I2C slave interface. FPGA-driven I/O includes a USB 3.0 device port, a UART, and a PCIe Gen3 x8 edge interface. There are also FMC (LPC and HPC) interfaces, 24x transceivers, and LVDS and LVCMOS connections   Achilles Dev Kits The 140 x 100mm Achilles Instant-DevKit expands upon the Arria 10 SoC SoM with dual GbE ports, a micro-USB 3.0 port, and a Mini-USB OTG port. The board also provides I2C and UART interfaces, a USB Blaster II, and a PMBus interface for power management. A heatsink and fan are standard, and a heatspreader is optional. The Instant-DevKit runs on an external AC power supply, and a battery holder and an RGB LED are also available. Two block diagrams for PCIe Carrier Board (click images to enlarge) Alternatively, you can choose the 168 x 111mm PCIe Carrier Board with PCIe x8 signaling via an edge connector. The board offers the same GbE, USB ports, and USB Blaster as the starter kit, and adds a WiFi module and an LCD connector. The PCIe carrier also provides a QSFP+ quad optical cage and 2x SFP+ single optical cages. The board can be powered on its own with an AC power supply or via PC’s PCIe slot. Other Arria 10 SoC based products from Reflex CES include an Arria 10 SX FMC PCIe board. Other Arria 10 GX (FPGA-only) boards include the XpressGXA10-LP1150 PCIe and Arria 10 GX FMC PCIe. The French embedded firm has previously introduced an FPP25 prototyping system for Xilinx FPGAs, among other FPGA related products.   Further information The Achilles Arria 10 SoC SoM, as well as the Achilles Instant-DevKit and PCIe Carrier Board, are available now at an undisclosed price. More information may be found on the Achilles Arria 10 SoC SoM, Achilles Instant-DevKit, and PCIe Carrier Board product pages. Reflex CES will be demonstrating the products Mar. 14-16 at Embedded World in Nuremberg.   Related posts: ARM/FPGA module runs Linux on Arria 10 SoC Linux ready COM taps FPGA/ARM Arria 10 SoC COM duo expands upon quad -A53/FPGA Zynq UltraScale+ Intel's ARM/FPGA Stratix 10 SoC is first 14nm FPGA Dev board runs Linux on Altera ARM+FPGA SoC 16nm Zynq SoC mixes Cortex-A53, FPGA, Cortex-R5 Linux-ready COM mates an i.MX6 SoC with an FPGA OpenWRT router SBC mixes Cortex-A5 and FPGA Linux-driven COM/carrier offers mid-range Zynq DAQ SBC runs Linux on Zynq, offers FMC expansion (advertise here) PLEASE COMMENT BELOW Please comment here... Cancel reply (advertise here) The content on this site is copyright © 2007-2017 Rick Lehrbaum unless otherwise noted. Comments are the property of their submitters. Content originally published on LinuxDevices is Copyright © 1999-2017 QuinStreet Inc. and is reproduced here under license from its owner. LinuxGizmos is part of the DeviceGuru Blog Network. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Contact us | Privacy policy | Terms of use | About us | RSS feed
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Elections 2017 Samajwadi Party leader Gayatri Prajapati held in gangrape case After defeat in UP, Uttarakhand, two ex-Congress ministers speak out: Get rid of coterie, sycophancy Panama Papers: 424 under probe, India gets data on 165 cases with links to offshore firms Two days after JNU student’s death, echo in both Houses Rajya Sabha: Congress stalls House over Goa and Manipur Home Cities Chandigarh Chandigarh: Smart city, smarter facilities Chandigarh: Smart city, smarter facilities What can you expect to get under the Smart City project? Here’s the lowdown Written by Hina Rohtaki | Chandigarh | Published:March 13, 2017 5:58 am IF ALL goes as per plans, five years down the line, Chandigarh may offer a host of new facilities for its residents. Designated car-free zones, intelligent traffic management system, wi-fi spots, 24X7 water supply, smart power system is what you can expect to get under the Smart City project. The total cost of City Beautiful’s makeover is pegged at Rs 6,200 crore, of which Rs 5,950 crore is for area-based development and Rs 250 crore is for the pan-city proposal. Experts feel that to achieve this target, the city has a long way to go. As per the plan, in the first phase of the Smart City project initiated by the Ministry of Urban Development, Chandigarh will get Rs 200 crore. An amount of Rs 100 crore has already been received by the Chandigarh Administration for the project. Initially, the administration had decided on carrying out area-based development in sectors 17, 22, 35 and 43 on a pilot basis. These sectors were selected by voting from the general public that wanted area-based development in these sectors first. However, just recently, the administration decided to carry out the smart city work across all the sectors. “Under the smart city project, there would be a sustainable habitat, best quality of life for people of Chandigarh, accessible transport system, a green and a healthy environment for residents,” says nodal officer Baldeo Purushartha, who is also Municipal Commissioner. Smart water meters, smart grid, wi-fi spots, intelligent traffic management system, pedestrian pavements is what all the sectors would be provided with. Apart from these, there would be smart pipes that would be connected with a wireless processor to help detect leakage in real time, with a system of online monitoring of the entire distribution in place everywhere. Footpaths and cycling tracks will also be laid on roadsides all along the inter-sector roads as well as those leading to markets to encourage people to switch over to non-motorised transport. Traffic-sensing lights or smoother flow of traffic and lesser pollution, e-surveillance with CCTV cameras and sensors at every point to help in better traffic management is being planned for the city. Food courts and street cafes like those in countries abroad, separate open spaces for weekly markets and recreational activities are proposed. Another goal is to make the city economically vibrant where residents have suitable employment opportunities, adequate skilled resources, incubation and knowledge hub. For this, the administration has decided to set up a Smart City Innovation Centre on the Punjab Engineering College (PEC) campus. The deadline for the development of this centre is April 2017. Various companies would come over and display their latest technologies. Companies such as Larsen and Toubro, CISCO, Nokia, IBM, Intel, Sterlite, Videocon, Dell-EMC, SAP, Ericsson, Wipro and Infosys have already associated themselves with the project. The following are some key areas for which proposals have been mooted under the Smart City project. WATER SUPPLY With 24X7 water supply in all the sectors, smart water meters in every household, a supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) system that would monitor the complete transportation, distribution and treatment of water is what has been planned under the smart water supply. About Rs 8.25 crore has been allocated for smart meters and Rs 12.2 crore would be for the SCADA system. Rs 2.20 crore would be spent on networking for 24X7 water supply in these sectors. But to achieve the smart water supply target for the city seems to be a difficult task. Even as the Chandigarh smart City Company Limited has been formed which has started its work, there is a long way to go. While 24X7 water supply was introduced in two sectors in the past, the plan failed as the city is short of water. A survey had found that here in the city, the per capita water supply for a person is way more than actual limit. It was found that posh areas like sectors 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8 and 9 are drawing more than 1,000 litre water per person per day as against the average domestic demand of the city which is 252 litre per person per day. Those living in sectors 33, 34, 35, 36 and 49 have been getting 400 litre per capita per day (LPCD). This is also against the national norm fixed by the Central Public Health Engineering and Environment Organisation (CPHEEO), which is 135 litre per person per day. Drinking water is used for irrigation of lawns, leading to wastage of water, as per the study. Even as the MC is hopeful of getting 29mgd extra from phase 5 and 6 of the Kajauli waterworks, efforts appear to be wasteful in the absence of no rationalisation. The matter had come to light when a report under the Smart City project was prepared. As per the report, the existing water supply is sufficient to cater to the city demand up to the year 2026, taking into consideration the growth rate of the city’s population. Also, water supply to the city villages has a separate network, which gets supply from tubewells. The average domestic consumption per day by the residents is 250 litre as compared to 135 litre at the national level. Former chairman of the Water Supply and Sewerage Disposal Committee Major (retd) D S Sandhu says, “Focusing on getting extra supply of 29 MGD won’t serve purpose. Instead, it is a wasteful expenditure. There should be proper rationalising of water on the ground. Also, existing infrastructure should be focused upon.” No water mapping has been done in the past two decades. Despite a survey, the MC has failed to rationalise water distribution in northern and southern sectors. Nodal officer Purushartha says, “I agree people are consuming more water and the only way to rationalise is to make water tariff telescopic. The basic water demand will come at lower rates while the rate of tariff would increase as the consumption rises.” TRANSPORTATION The city’s transport system will get a complete overhaul, with about Rs 250 crore of the total funds for the Smart City project to be spent only on transportation. People can expect facilities that are available abroad. Chandigarh would have an intelligent transport system which would include smart ticketing for people and passenger information system. People would get real-time information about arrival and departure time of buses, the route it will take and stoppage time on a real-time basis through mobile applications. There would be an intelligent traffic management system under which cameras and sensors would be installed on all the points of the city. This would give details about vehicle drivers who are speeding or jumping the crossing. Under these technologies, even the car drivers can use smartphones to monitor traffic speed and density. Audio data and GPS tagging enables identification of traffic density and possible traffic jams in the city. The part of the project for which maximum funds have been allocated is the use of electric buses that would be operated on electricity within the city. Also, there would be battery-operated buses which would come at a cost of Rs 10 crore for movement within city’s heart, Sector 17. Tenders have already been floated for the electric buses. Rs 152 crore has been allocated under this head which also includes refurbishment of the existing buses. As in foreign countries, Chandigarh would also have a public bicycle-sharing system. Recently an expression of interest was called from a company that can offer 10,000 cycles at 600 various points in the city. The proposal mentions that the bicycle-sharing system should cover the entire city to ensure and promote use of bicycle as a practical and easy way to use alternative transport system. These bicycle-sharing points would be introduced at Sector 17 Plaza, Panjab University, Sukhna Lake, Rose Garden, PGI and other busy places in the city. Chandigarh was planned in a way to suit cyclists and it has a cycle track spread over 70 km across all sectors but unfortunately, a large number of tracks are poorly maintained. However, the ground reality of the cycle tracks is a little different. One can find garbage dumped at the cycle tracks. At some places, the cycle tracks are being used for parking by autorickshaw or cab drivers. New proposals are good but the transport system can become smart only when residents think smart. “Even if these systems are introduced, I feel one requires to spread a lot of awareness first. Like the administration may introduce bicycle-sharing but the city should be cycle-friendly first of all. People should be made aware of the benefits of using a cycle to their home or their office,” says Surinder Bahga, architect and former nominated councillor. He adds, “In foreign countries, if you are walking, the car driver won’t honk and rather give preference to the pedestrians. Here it is not the case. We need to have a city culture in which people give way to pedestrians or cyclists.” An aerial view of the city. Express Archives POWER Smart power meters, LED lighting across the city and solar rooftops — this is what the UT Administration aims to have under the Smart City project. Even as the UT Administration aims to bring in a smart power system, the condition of power is not good in Chandigarh, especially during summers. The peak demand reaches 450 megawatt in the summers while the capacity is only 260 megawatt. The electricity department does not have its own power generation source and buys its power through its allocation from central generating stations (CGS): the National Thermal Power Corporation Limited (NTPC), National Hydroelectric Power Corporation (NHPC), Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL), Bhakra Beas Management Board (BBMB), Satluj Jal Vidyut Nigam (SJVN) and Tehri Hydro Development Corporation Ltd (THDC). When there is a shortage, there is no other option but to have power cuts in Chandigarh. Knowing that the demand is increasing every summer, Chandigarh is aiming to have a solar power plant on rooftop of all the buildings under the smart power system. The solar power plants have been made mandatory and every existing building needs to have it before May 15, 2018. Here, too, the administration is facing hurdles. Even as just one year is left, there are only 200 buildings, including 55 residential houses, of about 15,000 such buildings that have installed the solar power plants. Despite efforts by the UT to intensify the drive, there are not many takers who are coming forward to install the solar power plants. “The authorities need to get strict on this, if they really need to achieve the tag of solar city. What to talk of May 2018, I don’t think UT would be able to ensure solar rooftops at more than 40 per cent of the existing buildings in another three years,” says a senior UT officer. The solar power plants have to be installed in buildings with a plot size of 500 square yards and above. The buildings with a plot size below 500 square yards, have been exempted. For any new building that is to come up in Chandigarh, a solar power plant is also mandatory to be installed on the rooftop. In this case, the no-objection certificate from the estate office is not given until one shows that a solar power plant has been installed. Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of CREST Santosh Kumar says, “A lot of awareness is required for installation of solar power plants.” Next in line are smart meters which would record consumption of electrical energy and communicate that information regularly to the utility for monitoring and billing. Smart meters enable two-way communication between the meter and the central system. Unlike home energy monitors, smart meters can gather data for remote reporting. Such an advanced metering infrastructure (AMI) differs from traditional automatic meter reading. The city would have all underground power cabling. This would begin with Sector 8 on a pilot basis. With this, one won’t come across overhead electricity wires as they all would be underground. Nodal officer Purushartha says, “The UT engineering wing has already initiated work for the underground power cabling.” Knowing the power situation in Chandigarh, the UT Administration has also introduced an LED bulb scheme wherein they have started giving LED bulbs and fans on nominal rates at the e-sampark centres. UT Chief Engineer Mukesh Anand says, “EESL will sell LEDs at nominal rates so that it encourages people to use LEDs at home as it will not only save energy but their electricity bills would also be halved.” To save 50 per cent energy in the street lighting too, the Municipal Corporation has already signed agreements with Energy Efficient Services Ltd (EESL) regarding replacement of existing conventional 48,000 street lights with LED street lights in Chandigarh. At present, the total electricity bill of the street lights amounts to Rs 12.64 crore annually. Conversion of these lights into energy-efficient LED street lights will lead to saving of energy consumption up to 50-60 per cent. There would be a Centralised Control and Monitoring System for monitoring of the lighting system. For all the latest India News, download Indian Express App now Election 2017 Goa floor test today, Congress hurls casino money charge at BJP Manipur: Biren Singh takes oath, forms first BJP government Punjab: Captain Amarinder Singh takes oath today, H S Phoolka is Opposition leader Best of Express PM Modi asks BJP MPs to push govt schemes, Amit Shah sounds alert for more poll battles EntertainmentBaahubali 2 trailer: SS Rajamouli's Baahubali The Conclusion proves Baahubali was just a starter, watch video EntertainmentTrapped movie review: Rajkummar Rao film fails to take us over the edge EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's car hits photographer, actor rushes him to hospital. See pics EntertainmentBaahubali 2 trailer launch: SS Rajamouli says Baahubali is going to be a franchise Must Read SportsVirat Kohli’s shoulder injury ‘not too serious’ SportsSmith, Maxwell drive Australia forward on Day 1 SportsRahane did well in Kohli's absence, says Sridhar TechnologyCoolpad Note 5 Lite first impressions TechnologyCAT S60 comes to India at Rs 64,999, eyes outdoor active buyers TechnologySamsung's 'Unpacked 2017' app hits Android and iOS ahead of Galaxy S8 launch  AIFW Autumn/Winter 2017: Vaani Kapoor stuns in all-black as she walks the ramp for Rina Dhaka Mar 17: Latest News Gurgaon: Workers protest against Maruti case sentencing Arivnd Kejriwal writes to party volunteers to boost morale Higher protein intake in preterm infants results in better head growth: Study AIIMS nurses plan mass leave, emergency services to be hit Rs 17,000 crore yet to be paid under MNREGA in 3 years Hina Rohtaki... read more Chandigarh: Contractors, parking attendants may be fined for ‘misbehaviour’ Punjab election results 2017: Now race for passes to swearing-in Chandigarh: Smart city, smarter facilities                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 March 2017 by Military News BizWireTV: Nike Launches Star-Studded Equality Campaign and Time Warner Invests in Mobile Hologram Tech NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–On the latest BizWireTV, catch all the new top products on The Launch Pad and see what’s happening in the startup world with the Accelerator Report, featuring the VC Watch and this week’s Startup Standout. Now you can watch BizWireTV, and the latest breakthroughs in tech from the biggest brands on any screen you want by downloading the new app through the Apple TV and iPhone App Store and Google Play for Android devices. Sponsored Headlines: EmpiRx Health Announces Health Care Veteran as Chief Revenue Officer EmpiRx Health Appoints Ken Goulet to Its Board of Directors Top of the Wire 8i Secures Series B Funding For New Mixed Reality App “Holo” Nike Uses Power of Sport to Stand Up For Equality Featuring LeBron James, Serena Williams and others Watch BizWireTV to see more disruptors as well as the top 5 trending stories of the week! A core component of the video programming is news-related data analysis powered by Business Wire’s NewsTrak reports and NUVI social media tracking. BizWireTV is hosted by Jordyn Rolling. Watch new episodes of BizWireTV every Thursday, premiering at 6am on BizWireTV.com. Featuring EmpiRx, HBO, Argo AI, Intel, Ceres Nanosciences, Sonoco, MonoSol, Pacific Shaving Company, HackerOne, Agent.ai and Looker. About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 29 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.com and Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire. CategoriesUncategorized Tags#BizWireTV, $atvi, $f, $INTL, $NKE, $SON, $WWE, Business, Companies, company, Entertainment, Headlines, Health, Industry, Markets, officer, Sports, star, TV, veteran, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Watch now: BizWireTV Announces Star Wars Force Friday II, Covers Mobile World Congress and Toy Fair New York Next PostNext Business Wire Completes Its Second SOC 2 Attestation Engagement Report Search Recent Posts AJC Statement on President Trump’s 2018 Budget Proposal Interview with David Koch Cloudbric Announces Major IDC Expansion Into US, Europe, and Southeast Asia Secretary Perry Statement on the Budget Blueprint Secretary Perry Statement on the Budget Blueprint Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 March 2017 by Military News BizWireTV: Intel Drones Light Up the Super Bowl and Logitech Brings Amazon Alexa on the Road NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–On the latest BizWireTV, catch all the new top products on The Launch Pad and see what’s happening in the startup world with the Accelerator Report, featuring the VC Watch and this week’s Startup Standout. Now you can watch BizWireTV, and the latest breakthroughs in tech from the biggest brands on any screen you want by downloading the new app through the Apple TV and iPhone App Store and Google Play for Android devices. Sponsored Headline: IBHS Offers Guidance to Reduce Property Damage from Severe Winter Weather Top of the Wire View Attracts $100 Million in Investments to Fund Rapid Growth Top 5 Trenders of the Week The New York Times announces upcoming launch on Snapchat Discover. National Geographic makes its first appearance at the Super Bowl. Nintendo’s first-ever Super Bowl ad gives a taste of the new Nintendo Switch. Intel drones make an appearance during Lady Gaga’s performance at Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. Audi drives progress in game day spot with universal appeal. Watch BizWireTV to see more disruptors as well as the top 5 trending stories of the week! A core component of the video programming is news-related data analysis powered by Business Wire’s NewsTrak reports and NUVI social media tracking. BizWireTV is hosted by Jordyn Rolling. Watch new episodes of BizWireTV every Thursday, premiering at 6am on BizWireTV.com. Featuring Hack Harassment, National Geographic, TIME, DISH, Logitech, Desktop Metal, Xnor.ai, Klipboard, Jobaline and Takl. About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 29 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.com and Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire. CategoriesUncategorized Tags#BizWireTV, $intc, $LOGI, $NTDOY, $NYT, Business, Companies, company, Dish, Entertainment, Headlines, Industry, Markets, TV, Video Games, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Business Wire Completes Its Second SOC 2 Attestation Engagement Report Next PostNext BizWireTV’s Big Season Premiere Features a Sneak Peek at Some Super Bowl Ads and the Launch of Tomorrow’s Tech, Today Search Recent Posts AJC Statement on President Trump’s 2018 Budget Proposal Interview with David Koch Cloudbric Announces Major IDC Expansion Into US, Europe, and Southeast Asia Secretary Perry Statement on the Budget Blueprint Secretary Perry Statement on the Budget Blueprint Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 March 2017 by Military News CES 2017 Is Offering New Tech for Smarter Living and Autonomous Vehicles Get Ready to Hit the Streets – All On the Latest BizWireTV NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–On the latest BizWireTV, CES 2017 is giving the world a glimpse at new tech from brands like Samsung, Sleep Number and Panasonic. From smart kitchens to televisions that display the DCI-P3 color space accurately, turning your home entertainment experience into a real home theater experience. Now you can watch BizWireTV, and the latest breakthroughs in tech from the biggest brands on any screen you want by downloading the new app through the Apple TV and iPhone App Store and Google Play for Android devices. Watch the full episode for more stories including the Top Five Most-Shared Stories of the Week. Catch the weekly series that showcases the hottest news stories published over Business Wire’s distribution network. Sponsored Headline: SureFire’s new FirePak is a smartphone video illumination accessory at CES 2017 Top of the Wire CES Edition: Samsung Electronics announces its new QLED TV series Insta360 Nano is the first camera to support Twitter and Periscope Live 360 video Nuheara launches IQbuds, intelligent and truly wireless earbuds The Launch Pad: ShadeCraft reveals autonomous shading system Sleep Number introduces the Sleep Number 360 Smart Bed (NASDAQ:SCSS) QUICK BIZ HITS: BMW, Intel and Mobileye will have autonomous test vehicles on roads by end of 2017 (NASDAQ:INTC) Ford debuts next-gen Fusion Hybrid autonomous development vehicle (NYSE:F) Mayfield Robotics introduces Kuri: a first-of-its-kind home robot And the Top 5 Most Shared Stories of the Week: Mohu launches AirWave, offering cord cutters “Free TV Everywhere” 3dRudder Wireless allows users to step into 360° environments with foot-powered VR movement Sprint announces commitment to create or bring back 5K jobs to America (NYSE:S) Revlon welcomes Gwen Stefani as global brand ambassador (NYSE:REV) Panasonic offers supersized showcase at CES 2017 A core component of the video programming is news-related data analysis powered by Business Wire’s NewsTrak reports and NUVI social media tracking. BizWireTV is hosted by Erin Ade. Watch for new episodes each Friday available on BizWireTV’s new home on Tempo. The weekly schedule for BizWireTV episodes: BizWireTV: Friday at 6:00am BizWireTV Accelerator Report: Sunday at 3:00pm Click here to share BizWireTV’s latest episode on Twitter: http://ctt.ec/1c7bZ About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 29 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.com and Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire. CategoriesUncategorized Tags#BizWireTV, #QuickBizHits, #TheLaunchPad, #TopTrenders, $f, $intc, $REV, $s, $SCSS, Business, CES2017, Companies, company, Entertainment, Headlines, Home and Garden, Industry, Markets, Space, theater, TV, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Watching TV without the Cord and Advertising in the Age of VR on BizWireTV Accelerator Report Next PostNext CES 2017 Will Be More Global Than Ever with New Tech to Make Us Safer, More Relaxed and Always Charged – All On the Latest BizWireTV Search Recent Posts AJC Statement on President Trump’s 2018 Budget Proposal Interview with David Koch Cloudbric Announces Major IDC Expansion Into US, Europe, and Southeast Asia Secretary Perry Statement on the Budget Blueprint Secretary Perry Statement on the Budget Blueprint Proudly powered by WordPress
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Deal Alert: HP’s OMEN Desktop 870-115se $300 off 0 by Surur  @mspoweruser Mar 12, 2017 at 23:00 GMT4 days ago HP is offering a great deal for gamers for a limited period. They have discounted the HP OMEN Desktop 870-115se by $300, offering the VR-ready gaming rig for only $1249.99. The PC features NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 1060; Founders Edition, Intel’s overclockable Core ™ i5-6600K  processor running natively at 3.5 Ghz, 16 GB of DD$ RAM and a 2TB 7200 RPM Serial ATA Hard Drive. With such beastly hardware, you’ll always get the high FPS and crystal-clear graphics competition demands. The offer is available till the 18th March and comes with free shipping. Grab it at HP here. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related gamers HP hp omen desktop Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Windows 10 Build 15060 released to Windows Insiders in the Fast Ring, here’s the changelog by Mehedi Hassan 0 Trending Surface Book’s successor will reportedly drop the best thing about its design, but that probably wonR... by Mehedi Hassan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 38: File Explorer ads, Windows 10 Creators Update rollout, and UI upgrades by Andrew Bennett on March 10, 2017 There’s been plenty of stuff going on over the last week, from new builds to app updates — and some good deals. You can listen to the podcast on SoundCloud above, and you can wa... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Microsoft mercy killing Windows 7 by banning it from latest Kaby Lake and Ryzen processors by Surur on March 17, 2017 Microsoft has made true on their earlier promise to not support the popular Windows 7 and Windows 8.1 on the latest generation of Intel and AMD processors. Users who have installed Windows 7... Windows Vista will soon be completely unsupported by Surur If you are one of the 0.78% of people still running Vista now may be a good time to finally make that jump to a supported OS. After 10 years of service Microsoft is finally pulling the plug ... Windows 10 Build 15060 released to Windows Insiders in the Fast Ring, here’... by Mehedi Hassan Earlier this week, Microsoft released Windows 10 build 15058 to Windows Insiders in the Fast Ring. the company is today releasing build 15060 only for PCs, and it only comes with some bug fi... Samsung Galaxy Book user manual now available to download, reveals some oddities by Surur If you are looking forward to picking up one of Samsung’s new Windows 10 tablets announced at Mobile World Conference 2017, you may be happy to learn that the user manual for the devic... Surface Book’s successor will reportedly drop the best thing about its des... by Mehedi Hassan We are probably just a few weeks away from the release of Microsoft’s upcoming Surface devices. And now, there’s a very interesting rumor about the device. According to DigiTime... Deals Deals Deal: ‘Final Fantasy XV’ on Xbox One for only $34.99 You can now get the ‘Final Fantasy XV’ game for Xbox One for just $34.99 from Amazon US. As the Crown Prince Noctis and his three best friends set out on a journey to wed his fia... Surface Book comes to the Microsoft Store Denmark Danish Microsoft fans now have a chance to purchase Microsoft’s second coolest and most useful PC, the Surface Book, directly from the Microsoft Store. Microsoft Denmark announced on F... Join the ‘Paladins: Champions of the Realm’ Closed Beta on Xbox One ... Developer Hi-Rez Studios announced today that ‘Paladins: Champions of the Realm’, a free-to-play fantasy-themed team-based shooter, is entering closed beta. To get access to the ... Deal: Grab ‘Batman: Return to Arkham’ for only $29.99 from Amazon Right now you can nab ‘Batman: Return to Arkham’ for only $29.99, $20 off of the original retail price of $49.99. Only new physical copies are discounted on Amazon however, with ... Save $40 when you pickup ‘Assassin’s Creed Unity’ from Amazon Right now online retailer Amazon has a pretty major deal on Ubisoft’s ‘Assassin’s Creed Unity’ title. The game is priced at $19.99 on the site, down from the full re... Get a free ticket to Disney’s Beauty and the Beast when you purchase a Dis... The Windows Store is running a promotion where, for a limited time, if you purchase a selection of Disney movies you can receive up to $13 toward a Fandango Movie Ticket to see Disney’... Deal: Save $25 off of 2K’s ‘NBA 2K17’ from Amazon Right now sports fanatics can nab 2K’s ‘NBA 2K17’ for only $34.99, $25 off of the original retail price of $59.99. Right now only the standard edition is discounted on Ama... Deal: Save up to 38% on select NETGEAR WiFi routers You can now save up to 38% on select NETGEAR WiFi routers from Amazon US. For example, the popular NETGEAR N300 Wi-Fi Cable Modem Router is now available for $79.99, was $109.99. Find some o... Deal: Get ‘Batman: Return to Arkham’ for $29.99 off from Amazon Right now you can nab ‘Batman: Return to Arkham’ for only $29.99, $20 off of the original retail price of $49.99. Only new physical copies are discounted on Amazon however, with ... Deal: 12-Month Xbox LIVE Gold Membership For Only $49.99 You can now get 12 month Xbox Live Gold Membership subscription for just $49.99 from Amazon. The annual cost of the membership usually retails at $59.99. With Xbox Live Gold, you get multipl... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Home Contact News Tips Politics Crime Terrorism Video Entertainment Weather Search Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Breaking911 Home Contact News Tips Politics Crime Terrorism Video Entertainment Weather Home Business Coming Soon: A World Without Wi-Fi Business Entertainment Tech Coming Soon: A World Without Wi-Fi March 12, 2017 0 3171 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Photo Source: The Star Online The Wi-Fi icon — a dot with radio waves radiating outward — glows on nearly every internet-connected device, from the iPhone to thermostats to TVs. But it’s starting to fade from the limelight. With every major U.S. wireless carrier now offering unlimited data plans, consumers don’t need to log on to a Wi-Fi network to avoid costly overage charges anymore. That’s a critical change that threatens to render Wi-Fi obsolete. And with new competitive technologies crowding in, the future looks even dimmer. “You could see a big switch,” said Tim Farrar, founder of Telecom Media Finance Associates Inc. “Your coffee shops may be less compelled to provide Wi-Fi for you now.” In an all-data-you-can-eat world, consumers’ use of Wi-Fi at public places like stadiums and airports will drop to a third of all mobile data traffic from about half, Farrar estimates. This means businesses not upgrading public access Wi-Fi as often. Smartphone users might not even turn on their Wi-Fi capability, according to Barry Gilbert, an analyst at researcher Strategy Analytics in Boston. “At Sprint Corp., where unlimited plans are the norm, customers aren’t waiting until they get to a Wi-Fi hot spot to watch the latest video. They are staying on cellular,” said Craig Moffett, an analyst at MoffettNathanson. “Customers are rational. When pricing incentives favor Wi-Fi, customers use more Wi-Fi. When pricing incentives shift, so does behavior.” At home as well. Almost a third of people don’t use a home broadband internet connection because they have an unlimited data plan on their phones, according to a survey released Thursday by ReportLinker. The erosion of Wi-Fi’s influence is likely to be slow and uneven. While unlimited data plans make the technology less necessary for phones, many home devices, from a MacBook to an Amazon Echo, still use Wi-Fi to connect to the internet. Wi-Fi also helps fill in gaps in some office buildings and homes that have spotty cellphone coverage. Some wireless carriers also still rely on Wi-Fi networks to handle a large portion of the growing volume of internet traffic. Putting all of that Netflix-binging and Spotify-listening on cellular networks could strain capacity. “Wi-Fi has consistently stayed ahead in terms of performance and its ability to move large amounts of data,” said Kevin Robinson, vice president of marketing for the Wi-Fi Alliance, a consortium of more than 700 companies, including Apple, Samsung Electronics, LG Electronics, Intel Corp., Qualcomm and Comcast. “The market is going to decide which technology provides the best capabilities for the end user. To displace a technology like Wi-Fi is likely very optimistic.” Unlimited plans aren’t the only threat. Wi-Fi has survived 20 years and spurred a roughly $20 billion industry of gear, service providers and chipmakers — mainly because its technology is open to innovation and it operates freely in the nation’s unlicensed airwaves. Wi-Fi now faces competition from other technologies that also run in those same frequencies. A new system called LTE in Unlicensed Spectrum — or LTE-U, which depends on a combination of new small-cell towers and home wireless routers — risks congesting the spectrum upon which Wi-Fi relies. In decades past, the nation’s unlicensed airwaves were mostly known for their use by garage door openers, cordless phones, and the occasional baby monitor. Now they’re full of traffic from Wi-Fi networks that connect smartphones, laptops, set-top boxes, game consoles, and a whole host of smart devices to the internet. As LTE-U moves in, Wi-Fi may get drowned out. “Places where operators have traditionally looked to Wi-Fi, they’ll leverage LTE-U,” said Kyung Mun, an analyst at researcher Mobile Experts. Developed by cellular carriers and their vendors, LTE-U may act as a disincentive for companies experimenting with Wi-Fi calling, including Comcast, and those dabbling in fiber networks, like Alphabet Inc.’s Google. But LTE-U also benefits users. Consumers don’t have to type in passwords and sign in to every network like they do for public Wi-Fi hot spots. They can seamlessly move between their carriers’ cellular network and LTE-U, and not really know the difference. LTE-U — and a related cellular advancement, LTE-LAA — will also require less equipment. A 180,000-square-foot building would need 24 new access points instead of about 80 Wi-Fi hot spots, according to Amit Jain, vice president of marketing and product management at hardware maker SpiderCloud Wireless, which plans to ship LTE-U and LTE-LAA equipment in the second quarter. However, the total cost of deployment will be similar to Wi-Fi, Jain said. Annual shipments of LTE-U/LTE-LAA-capable access points will increase to about 1.1 million units globally by 2020, up from tens of thousands in 2016, according to Mobile Experts. “You could see LTE in the house, in the enterprise, and the role of Wi-Fi morphing into something different: a legacy technology,” said independent wireless analyst Chetan Sharma. Companies like Cisco Systems Inc., the No. 1 manufacturer of Wi-Fi access points, are already considering developing new gear that can accommodate both Wi-Fi and LTE-U technologies. “It’s too early to say what will win out,” said Mike Iandolo, vice president and general manager at the mobile technology group at Cisco. “LTE has an advantage, but there’ll still be a place for Wi-Fi.” The company’s goal is to ensure its Wi-Fi portfolio evolves to meet the needs of customers, he said. Another technology that risks making Wi-Fi outmoded is something called CBRS, short for Citizens Broadband Radio Service. The new system lets anyone share a huge swath of spectrum currently being used by the U.S. Navy. In February, Nokia Oyj, Alphabet and Qualcomm tested LTE technology on the airwaves to broadcast a live high-definition video of cars racing on a track in Las Vegas. More reliable than Wi-Fi, CBRS may ultimately be a better option for factories, airports and ports, according to Michael Peeters, head of innovation portfolio management at Nokia and president of CBRS Alliance, whose membership includes AT&T Inc., Charter Communications Inc. and Comcast. The first CBRS devices should be certified for use in mid-2017, he said. On top of all these threats to Wi-Fi is the coming spread of 5G, which promises to let consumers download a high-definition movie in less than a second. By using CBRS, wireless carriers can deploy 5G faster and easier, using the shared airwaves instead of trying to acquire spectrum licenses at auction or through deals. In the nearer term, Wi-Fi is already starting to disappear from people’s daily routines. “Before I would have to go and find a Wi-Fi hot spot, which was very inconvenient for me,” said Michael Kimbrough, an entrepreneur in Birmingham, Alabama, who last month signed up for an unlimited data plan from Verizon Wireless. “Now I don’t have to do that.” (c) 2017, Bloomberg · Olga Kharif Facebook Comment SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleProof daylight saving time is dumb, dangerous, and costly Next articleFlorida man pleads guilty to cross burning in couple’s yard ---- Follow Us 176,776FansLike 180,565FollowersFollow 736SubscribersSubscribe Breaking Agents Intercept Weapons, Currency at Mexico Border March 16, 2017 BREAKING: FDNY EMT Killed, Partner Critical After Maniac Steals Ambulance And... March 16, 2017 How Jared Wilson Won The Lottery 5 Times in a 3... March 16, 2017 Here’s How Wikileaks Obtains U.S. State Secrets – Report March 16, 2017 After Florida prosecutor says she won’t seek death penalty, Gov. reassigns... March 16, 2017 Trending Amber Alert Issued for 2 Indiana Kids In ‘Extreme Danger’ January 2, 2017 Police in Colorado search for mom who allegedly kidnapped 10-month-old March 8, 2017 Amber Alert Issued After Infant Taken at Gunpoint In Missouri February 19, 2017 Baby missing from Colo. found in Oklahoma; Search continues for mother February 15, 2017 Islamic State fighters appear to be hawking sex slaves on the... May 29, 2016 Recommended Agents Intercept Weapons, Currency at Mexico Border March 16, 2017 BREAKING: FDNY EMT Killed, Partner Critical After Maniac Steals Ambulance And... March 16, 2017 How Jared Wilson Won The Lottery 5 Times in a 3... March 16, 2017 Buzz BREAKING: FDNY EMT Killed, Partner Critical After Maniac Steals Ambulance And... March 16, 2017 Here’s How Wikileaks Obtains U.S. State Secrets – Report March 16, 2017 After Florida prosecutor says she won’t seek death penalty, Gov. reassigns... March 16, 2017 Popular Topics U.S.22289 Video1923 Crime1455 Tech1331 Terrorism1108 Politics941 International802 Weather737 © Copyright 2017 | Breaking911 All rights reserved
All News | Boards | Chips | Devices | Software | LinuxDevices.com Archive | About | Contact | Subscribe Follow LinuxGizmos: (get email updates) Search LinuxGizmos: Search LinuxGizmos.com + LinuxDevices Archive: LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Top 10 trending posts… How to add Alexa to your Raspberry Pi 3 gizmo Wireless enabled SODIMM-style COM runs Linux on new i.MX6 ULL SoC NXP's Cortex-A35 based i.MX8 X SoCs put safety first Tiny, headless, GbE-equipped, quad Cortex-A53 SBC sells for $15 Ringing in 2017 with 90 hacker-friendly single board computers Robotics savvy BeagleBone Blue SBC turns on the servos Ubuntu snaps expand to Orange Pi SBCs and a QorIQ SoC Tough, 84 x 55mm Intel Atom module offers soldered memory NXP aims new MCUs and QorIQ SoCs at IoT Tiny SBC runs Linux on Allwinner V3, costs $6 or $8 with WiFi Follow LinuxGizmos or subscribe to our posts: Follow: Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts: Email Address LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) SODIMM-style module runs Linux on Apollo Lake Mar 10, 2017 — by Eric Brown — 217 views The MSC SM2S-AL SMARC 2.0 “short” COM offers an Apollo Lake SoC, triple display and industrial temp support, and an optional, Linux-driven starter kit. Avnet-owned MSC Technologies has launched a Linux-ready computer-on-module that runs on Intel Apollo Lake SoCs, and complies with the new SMARC 2.0 standard in the “short” form factor. The MSC SM2S-AL measures 82 x 50mm compared to 82 x 52mm for the short-size, Bay Trail Atom based Aaeon μCOM-BT. The only other Apollo Lake based SMARC 2.0 module we’ve seen is Congatec’s standard sized, 82 x 80mm Conga-SA5. MSC SM2S-AL, front and back (click image to enlarge) The default OS is said to be Windows 10, with a Linux BSP available upon request. Yet the featured MSC SM2S-SK-AL-EP1 starter kit ships with a bootable Linux installation pre-loaded in flash (see farther below). Like the Conga-SA5, the MSC SM2S-AL supports all three Apollo Lake quad-core and dual-core Atom 3900 parts, as well as the dual-core Celeron N3350 and quad-core Pentium N4200. These SoCs have TDPs ranging from 6W for the Celeron and Pentium to 12W for the 1.6GHz/2.0GHz Atom x7-E3950. As a result, MSC can claim that its module offers 7-14W power dissipation. The MSC SM2S-AL is aimed at IoT, smart factory automation, medical, building automation, and digital signage. Both 0 to 60°C and -40 to 85°C models are available. You can load up to 8GB of quad-channel LPDDR4-2400 SDRAM, and add up to 64GB of optional, soldered eMMC flash. An SD interface and 6Gbps SATA III connection are also available. Triple simultaneous displays are available via dual DisplayPort 1.2a interfaces at up to 4096 x 2160 @ 60Hz, HDMI 1.4b at up to 3840 x 2160 @ 30Hz, and either dual-channel, 18/24-bit LVDS at up to 1920 x 1200 @ 60Hz or dual optional eDP 1.3 ports at 4096 x 2160 @ 60Hz. Dual MIPI CSI-2 camera interfaces are also onboard. The MSC SM2S-AL provides a Gigabit Ethernet controler, four PCIe x1 Gen 2 lanes, 2x USB 3.0 host, and 6x USB 2.0 host interfaces, one of which also provides device support. The 5V module is further equipped with HD and I2S audio, 4x UARTs, plus I2C, SPI, and SMBus interfaces. Other features include a watchdog, fan interface, and support for an external RTC, system monitoring. Options include a TPM 1.2 security chip and various heatsinks and heatspreaders.   MSC SM2S-SK-AL-EP1 SMARC 2.0 Starter Kit The MSC SM2S-AL can be purchased with an MSC SM2S-SK-AL-EP1 SMARC 2.0 Starter Kit that combines a Mini-ITX MSC Q7-MB-EP4 carrier board and 12V power supply and cable kit. As noted, it ships preloaded with Linux. MSC SM2S-SK-AL-EP1 SMARC 2.0 Starter Kit (click image to enlarge) The carrier is equipped with SATA II, GbE, 2x USB 3.0 host, 2x USB host, and a micro-USB 2.0 OTG port. Another USB 2.0 interface is available from the mini-PCIe slot, which can be optionally swapped for a PCI x4 slot. There’s also an SD socket. Connectors are available for DP, DVI, LVDS, eDP, and MIPI-CSI-2. The LVDS is available with a backlight connector, and TFT display kits are optional. Three audio jacks are provided, along with DB9 ports for CAN 2.0B and RS232. Additional CAN and RS232 interfaces are available on headers, as are the SPI, SMBus, I2C, and GPIO I/Os. There’s also an eSPI connector, an SPI boot flash socket, RTC and fan connectors, and various buttons, switches, and jumpers. The board can operate at 0 to 70°C.   Further information The MSC SM2S-AL module and starter kit are available at undisclosed prices. More information may be found on the MSC SM2S-AL and MSC SM2S-SK-AL-EP1 SMARC 2.0 Starter Kit product pages. MSC Technologies will be at Embedded World 2017 in Nuremberg, Hall 2, Booth 238.   Related posts: Qseven COM offers Apollo Lake and a security chip Mini Apollo Lake module takes the heat — and the cold Rugged Qseven module runs Linux on Apollo Lake Tiny COM features Apollo Lake and soldered RAM Congatec’s first Apollo Lake COMs include SMARC 2.0 model Fanless, thin Mini-ITX board taps quad-core Apollo Lake… Adlink bakes Apollo Lake into four modules and a Mini-ITX… Pico-ITX Apollo Lake SBC gives you expansion options Three more Apollo Lake COMs support Qseven and COM Express 3.5-inch Apollo Lake SBC hands you a sixpack of USB 3.0 (advertise here) PLEASE COMMENT BELOW Please comment here... Cancel reply (advertise here) The content on this site is copyright © 2007-2017 Rick Lehrbaum unless otherwise noted. Comments are the property of their submitters. Content originally published on LinuxDevices is Copyright © 1999-2017 QuinStreet Inc. and is reproduced here under license from its owner. LinuxGizmos is part of the DeviceGuru Blog Network. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Contact us | Privacy policy | Terms of use | About us | RSS feed
Just In 2hrs Airstrike on mosque kills at least 35 3hrs Trump eyes appeal after travel ban again blocked 4hrs Modi primes MPs for bigger battles 6hrs Health spending to be 2.5% of GDP 4 Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh militants killed in raid In budget, Trump puts military over diplomacy U.K. grants doctors first licence to create 3-parent babies Teen scientist wins $2,50,000 GST laws ready for Parliament, State Assemblies ClearTax bets big on GST rollout All you need to know about the Punjab Council of Ministers CIL seeks bids for setting up coal-to-methanol plant in Bengal India raises concerns with Pakistan over two missing Sufi clerics GST council clears S-GST, UT-GST laws Rupee rallies for 4th straight day, spikes 28 paise CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Saifullah was a caliphate soldier, says pro-IS Telegram channel Share On JUST IN 2hrs Airstrike on mosque kills at least 35 3hrs Trump eyes appeal after travel ban again blocked 4hrs Modi primes MPs for bigger battles 6hrs Health spending to be 2.5% of GDP 4 Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh militants killed in raid In budget, Trump puts military over diplomacy U.K. grants doctors first licence to create 3-parent babies Teen scientist wins $2,50,000 GST laws ready for Parliament, State Assemblies ClearTax bets big on GST rollout All you need to know about the Punjab Council of Ministers CIL seeks bids for setting up coal-to-methanol plant in Bengal India raises concerns with Pakistan over two missing Sufi clerics GST council clears S-GST, UT-GST laws Rupee rallies for 4th straight day, spikes 28 paise CLOSE News National International States Cities Hate-crimes against Indians News National National Saifullah was a caliphate soldier, says pro-IS Telegram channel Vijaita Singh New Delhi March 13, 2017 01:03 IST Updated: March 13, 2017 01:03 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Vijaita Singh New Delhi March 13, 2017 01:03 IST Updated: March 13, 2017 01:03 IST more-in Indian officials verifying message from pro-Islamic State Telegram channel Indian officials said they were verifying a message posted by a pro-Islamic State (IS) Telegram channel which identified Saifullah, who was killed in an encounter in Lucknow earlier this week, as a soldier of the ‘caliphate.’ A senior official in the Intelligence establishment told The Hindu that the “time gap” between the Lucknow encounter and the time when the message was circulated on the Telegram channels showed that the IS was not directly behind it. Saifullah was part of the alleged terror module, which planted a bomb on a train near Bhopal on March 7. The messages have been circulating on mobile application Telegram since March 9, two days after the incident. An official said they were suspicious of the message as it was not posted by the official channels of the IS, but by a group supporting the terror organisation and was part of “casual conversation” among its sympathisers. Police backtracked After initially claiming that the nine-member module belonged to the IS, the Uttar Pradesh police retracted the statement and said the group was “self radicalised” and was inspired by the IS. Home Minister Rajnath Singh also did not mention IS in his statement to Parliament. He however, described Saifullah, who was shot dead by Uttar Pradesh police, as a “suspected terrorist.” U.S.-based intelligence website Site Intel Group posted a screen grab of the Telegram message on Twitter, which said, “Pro-#ISIS Telegram Channel Incites for Attacks in #India, Points to Suspected IS Fighter Saifullah as Example.” The website also posted a photograph of Saifullah describing him as a “soldier of the Khilafah from India.” The photo was juxtaposed with a message in Urdu, Arabic and English. It said, “Think not of those who are killed in the way of Allah as dead, Nay, they are alive, with their Lord, and they have provision.” A security establishment official said: “ We are verifying the message but we have seen in the past that whenever IS has claimed an attack, it posts pictures of its members taken much before they are killed. In this case, they have posted a photograph, which was released by the U.P. police.” The U.P. police said the accused were self-proclaimed members of the IS and had even recovered a hand-painted signature black flag of the IS from the rented house on the outskirts of Lucknow, where Saifullah was killed. The low-intensity bomb, which the other members planted on a train was made of potassium chlorate, which is commonly available in the market. “IS Telegram channels are not necessarily run by the IS hierarchy itself. I see it as a groundswell ‘movement’, a cadre-oriented relatively ‘democratic’ way of orchestrating terror activities where attackers and orchestrators perhaps look for IS blessings (via Amaq News Agency and so on) after a successful operation,” said Kabir Taneja, associate fellow, Observer Research Foundation. While the Home Minister avoided naming any outfit for the alleged terror attack on a passenger train, Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan told a news agency on Wednesday that the accused belonged to the IS and had even sent the photograph of the bomb to their handler in Syria. Eight people have been arrested so far in raids across M.P and U.P. Post a Comment More In National act of terror Related Articles << Previous Story Saudi King likely to visit India this year Next Story >> The endgame too belongs to BJP Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Mar 17, 2017 6:23:55 AM | http://www.thehindu.com/news/national/saifullah-was-a-caliphate-soldier-says-prois-telegram-channel/article17453371.ece © The Hindu ‘Indians have no reason to fear under Trump’ They will benefit from the new wave of American economic growth, says Shalabh Kumar VARGHESE K. GEORGE The AIADMK crisis: who'll take the party forward? The Package The AIADMK crisis: who'll take the party forward? Behind the drama at the Tamil Nadu Assembly Governor seeks report on Assembly incidents Why is the AIADMK still in a crisis? Secret voting impossible, says Tamil Nadu Speaker In 89 Articles Top Picks in The Hindu today It’s not so green for Kerala on tourism rankings Kohli will undergo a scan Mobile app developer kills self Teen scientist wins $2,50,000 Finding Kattappa Exam blues Trapped: Danger in the ordinary Why Amazon drones will always land on their feet Beauty and the Beast: dazzling and nostalgic Slipper thrown at Union Minister Pon. Radhakrishnan Close X Next Story >> The endgame too belongs to BJP CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech Elections THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2016, The Hindu
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Waze's detours prompt cities to game the app USA TODAY Elizabeth Weise 6 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 9 things that crush the value of your home The Russian oligarchs buying up the world Click to expand Replay Video The case against a savings account The smartest way to offset the drag of inflation is to invest your money over the long term. The Wall Street Journal. Trump's budget plan, by the numbers President Trump just released his budget plan for the next fiscal year, which proposes some big changes in government spending. Here's a look at what agencies are helped and hurt by the proposal. The Washington Post New bank note for the euro zone The European Central Bank introduces a new 50 euro bill which the German central bank presents at its headquarters in Frankfurt. David Pollard reports. Reuters SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO The battle taking over cities: Planners vs. traffic apps USA TODAY See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next The case against a savings account The Wall Street Journal.0:48 Trump's budget plan, by the numbers The Washington Post3:43 New bank note for the euro zone Reuters1:14 Hyundai to recall almost 1 million Sonata cars in the US Wochit Business0:33 Adding this natural element could increase the value of your home CNBC0:49 How Trump has helped US businesses Fox Business3:59 Arizona ranchers torn in support for border wall The Wall Street Journal.5:53 The ultimate snoring fix: Two master bedrooms The Wall Street Journal.2:10 Four indicted in connection with Yahoo hacking CNBC3:13 Why the Fed hiked interest rates again CNN Money1:29 Trump tax-return details leaked The Wall Street Journal.1:21 Watch this robot now flipping burgers in California Fortune1:13 Beer on Mars? Anheuser-Busch says 'yes' Wochit Tech0:55 Wait, how does Yahoo have one billion accounts? The Washington Post2:02 Is the US oil industry shooting itself in the foot? Fox Business5:22 GOP's Obamacare replacement bill: winners and losers CNN Money1:55 UP NEXT Call it planners versus algorithms. Smartphone apps like Waze, a godsend for some road warriors because they shave minutes and even hours off their commutes with their creative detours off main highways, are causing headaches for city planners.  Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 140.69 +0.23 +0.16% Intel Corp INTC ▲ 35.14 +0.04 +0.11% Cisco Systems Inc CSCO ▼ 34.23 -0.01 -0.03% eBay Inc EBAY ▲ 33.10 +0.21 +0.64% Using crosswalks, wider sidewalks and traffic lights, these transportation engineers aim to make neighborhood traffic slow, safe, and friendly for pedestrians — not send frustrated commuters barreling down side roads.  But the GPS-enabled computer programs often don't know that, or care. Their creators, such as Waze (owned by Google), are sympathetic, to a degree. They may give cities tips on how to effectively game the program so a neighborhood detour doesn't seem that appealing. But at the end of the day, the purpose of the bots is to make use of all available road space, main thoroughfare or country lane.  The upshot is mounting frustration from cities, which are trying to thwart computer systems that are savvier than ever. "Don't trust your apps!" reads one road sign in Fremont, a city of 225,000 people just north of San Jose. Located off the heavily congested 880 and 680 freeways, it's situated between major San Jose-area employers like Intel, Cisco Systems and eBay, and the more affordable housing suburbs in California's Central Valley.  More coverage: Love Waze? You could use it to carpool soon With highways frequently congested, navigation apps like Google Maps and Waze started telling drivers to hop off the freeway at Fremont's Mission Boulevard, cut through residential streets and then hop back on the highway where things were clearer — much to the distress of the people who lived there. “The commuters didn’t live or work in Fremont and didn’t care about our residential neighborhoods,” said Noe Veloso, Fremont’s principal transportation engineer. When he contacted the navigation apps, he was told the apps attempt to prevent congestion by distributing traffic on all public streets, even to quiet residential roadways. The only way to stop the drivers was to change the street routing so these shortcuts were no longer that.  So Fremont instituted commute-hour turn restrictions on the most heavily used residential cut-through routes. The city also partnered with Waze through its Connected Citizens Program in order to share data and information, such as the turn restrictions, so that the app takes them into account. The result has been effective, but Veloso is worried the changes may simply reroute commuters into other neighborhoods.  "We’re just trying to find a balance, to eliminate some of the time savings that's sending people into our streets," Veloso said. Fremont's situation is playing out in towns and cities across the U.S., with municipal planners just starting to grasp the scope of the challenge. “Waze and Uber hit transportation planners so fast that we didn’t know what to do,” says Sam Schwartz, a former traffic coordinator for New York City. His 1992 book New York Shortcuts and Traffic Tips was a popular precursor to the systems and apps that have been downloaded by hundreds of millions of users. Cities are struggling to get their arms around the issues the apps raise. Boston's winding streets, some of which date back to cow paths from the 17th century, make the city especially prone to drivers taking shortcuts and back routes to get around congestion.  Jascha Franklin-Hodge, the city’s chief information officer, thinks most drivers are only using traffic apps for longer trips at this point. But once they start using them in their own neighborhoods, or if cars start to integrate mapping technology into their systems, or when self-driving cars come into play in the future, then the anecdotal issues he’s hearing about today “will just be the tip of the iceberg,” he said. “We can’t force an app maker to embed communal goals into their app,” he said. Waze's goal: Use all streets There is some communication between cities and the major apps. Boston, for example, uses Waze traffic jam data to help it time traffic lights in the downtown harbor area. That information helped reduce congestion by 18% month over month, according to the company.  But in the end, as Fremont found, Waze believes that public roads are intended to be used by all citizens, including to alleviate gridlock. “We use the streets within reason. We find the open road and spread cars across the grid, which lowers the risk of unsafe driving behavior,” said Julie Mossler, Waze’s head of brand and global marketing. Neither Google Maps nor Apple Maps responded to requests for comment. Mapping software does have the power to slow a route down. It sets what’s known as the free flow traffic value, the time it takes to traverse a given roadway based on the physical conditions, and it's generally set to the legal speed limit. But getting those programs to lower the upper limit isn’t easy. There are too many neighborhoods, too many roads and it’s all too site-specific. Even getting a single area changed would be cost prohibitive to the app makers because it could potentially require staffers to make on-going micro updates. Waze says it hasn’t gotten any such requests. There’s also an inherent conflict of interest between the mapping software and the cities. “In the conflict between getting you there fast versus the neighbors who are upset about drive-through traffic, Waze’ business is with the drivers — because if you’re not getting value you’ll go use Apple Maps or TomTom,” said Mark Hallenbeck of the University of Washington in Seattle and director of the Washington State Transportation Center Today, many planners say the only alternative cities have is by physically changing street layouts. After spending decades building streets that let drivers get from Point A to Point B as fast as possible, they’re beginning to rethink the whole thing. "If you have residential streets where drivers feel comfortable doing 40 miles per hour, you didn’t do a very good job of designing them in the first place,” said Jennifer Dill, director of the National Institute for Transportation and Communities and a professor of urban planning at Portland State University in Portland, Oregon. On top of that, many of the things that used to slow people down don’t anymore. “In 1953, your Chevy made a lot of noise and it gave you physical cues to tell you you were driving fast. Now in a modern car, there’s good sound deadening and you get no auditory or physical sense of how fast you’re going,” said Washington's Hallenbeck.  To deal with this, city planners are contemplating redesigning roads that eliminate shortcuts or use one-way streets that prevent computers from using them as an alternative to a main thoroughfare. Seattle’s already begun this process. Its traffic engineers have spent years remaking streets so that it’s impossible to speed. They've rebuilt residential intersections as roundabouts and allowed parking on both sides of the street side to cut the useable driving space down from 36 feet to 12 feet. But sometimes these plans backfire. And municipal authorities are aware that the bots are always one or even 10 steps ahead.  Neighbors in one San Francisco neighborhood say they’re living that particular digital standoff. The city spent 16 months and $3.1 million to reconfigure the intersection of Bosworth and Diamond streets in the Glen Park neighborhood. The heavily-used intersection includes bike lanes, lots of pedestrians, children and parents walking to an elementary school a block away, a stop for tech buses heading to Silicon Valley workplaces, a BART subway stop and multiple bus routes. The work was part of a Vision Zero plan to reduce the number of traffic fatalities to zero. It cut the number of lanes in each direction from three to two, widened the sidewalks, took out bus stops so buses now stop in the roadway and added a planted median and turn lanes. The new design is meant to be safer for pedestrians, better for transit and to discourage speeding by drivers. An unintended consequence has been an increase in drivers using mapping software that sends them down the narrow streets that traverse the neighborhood’s steep hillsides, said resident Katherine Murphy. She’s angry at the city for presuming everyone would play nice and only use the main intersection. “Do they just have their heads in the sand that people are using technology?” she said. Hallenbeck likens it to efforts to dam small streams. “The water often finds a new route around the dam. And that's what is happening in San Francisco. People are finding a new path of least resistance.” Neighbor Lexi Olian isn’t enjoying being part of that downstream effect. She’s now seeing cars on side streets that used to be empty except for people who actually lived on those blocks. “Everybody’s talking about how great walkable communities are,” she says. “ But they won’t be walkable if traffic is zooming through.” Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Dax Shepard confesses to framing Kristen Bell USA TODAY Previewing NCAA tournament first-round Friday games USA TODAY A look at dispute between USA Hockey, women USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 16, 7:46 PM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology TAG Heuer Connected 2 Release Date: Android Wear 2.0, Android Pay Confirmed For New Smartwatch By Corazon Victorino On 03/12/17 AT 11:46 AM Close Swiss watchmaker TAG Heuer is making a comeback in the smartwatch scene next week with its Connected 2 device. The new technologically advanced timepiece is going to run on Android Wear 2.0 and come with a bunch of new features to make it the perfect wearable for all sorts of occasions.  Last Friday, TAG Heuer already dropped the teaser image for the unveiling of the Connected smartwatch’s follow-up for 2017. Using the same tagline as the timepiece collection “Connected To Eternity” in a tweet, the company teased fans should stay tuned this coming Tuesday, March 14, for the big reveal.  The first Connected smartwatch was considered the most expensive Android Wear device at the time of its launch. With a $1,500 price tag, the device costs twice or even three times other premium Android smartwatches. Unsurprisingly, the price was worth it given it has the same appeal as the classic timepieces of TAG Heuer, which launched with Intel’s 1.6GHz Atom processor, 1 GB of RAM and a 410mAh battery. The excellent build quality, stellar performance and long battery life made the Connected the perfect smartwatch for professionals. Its lightweight body and its comfortable grip also contributed to its success.  Fans who are waiting for Connected 2, shouldn’t expect a major redesign or change with the second-generation smartwatch. Engadget reports that the design of the new Android Wear watch is going to be very familiar. The only change that TAG Heuer is implementing on the hardware side of things is the found on the device’s strap. There is a strong indication that the manufacturer will introduce a smaller case, various color options and many new features to make the wristwear more striking.  In addition to the fact that it would run Android Wear 2.0 out of the box, TAG Heuer’s Connected 2 will also have support for Android Pay, an improved and brighter screen and GPS. Its design is expected to be modular, so owners can easily switch it up for every fashion-related event. Because of this change in design, an insider has claimed that Tag Heuer’s new watch will launch with the TAG Connected Modular name, according to Phone Arena.  The confirmation that the new smartwatch is going to debut next Tuesday comes after TAG Heuer announced that the Connected has exceeded expectations by selling more than double than what was initially projected by the company.  TAG Heuer Connected 2 has been confirmed to finally debut next week. Photo: YouTube/TAG Heuer Related Stories Movado Inc. Partners With Google To Launch Smartwatches Is Nokia Preparing Its Own Smartwatch? Chinese Manufacturer Introduces Huawei Watch 2 At MWC 2017 Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Firearm Makers Among Top Short Trades Under Trump Shares of firearms makers Sturm Ruger & Company (RGR.N), American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC.O) and Vista Outdoor Inc (VSTO.N) are down by between 17 percent and 47 percent since Election Day. Technology Apple Rolls Out iOS 10.3 Beta 7 Apple is giving developers and beta testers another pre-release version of its next major iOS 10 update. World Prince Charles Could Make Camilla Queen After Accession The Prince of Wales reportedly is not satisfied to have his wife known as the princess consort and wants the title upgraded to queen consort. National Employees Have Tools To Determine Fair Wages Gauging the level of pay for an employee can be difficult but there are helpful ways to get a better grasp. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Transportation BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All Continue to Business Insider » You will be redirected in seconds. × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 There's a raging talent war for AI experts and its costing automakers millions Danielle Muoio Mar. 12, 2017, 11:41 AM 7,760 facebook linkedin twitter email print Waymo The self-driving car space is getting increasingly more cutthroat. The sheer number of lawsuits filed recently are a testament to that. Tesla, for example, is suing its former Autopilot director Sterling Anderson. The lawsuit claims Anderson stole data for a competing venture, Aurora Innovations, that hasn’t even come out of stealth mode yet. Aurora denies the claims. Buried in that lawsuit, though, was some interesting commentary on the competitive nature of the industry and the kind of culture it has bred: "In their zeal to play catch-up, traditional automakers have created a get-rich-quick environment. Small teams of programmers with little more than demoware have been bought for as much as a billion dollars. Cruise Automation, a 40-person firm, was purchased by General Motors in July 2016 for nearly $1 billion. In August 2016, Uber acquired Otto, another self-driving startup that had been founded only seven months earlier, in a deal worth more than $680 million." (Otto is currently at the heart of a lawsuit filed by Waymo, Alphabet’s self-driving-car company, alleging Uber stole intellectual property.) So why is it that tiny startups with little to no brand recognition are getting acquired for millions? AI specialists told Business Insider it has little to do with acquiring the startup’s tech and everything to do with nabbing talent. That’s because there’s a serious lack of experts in the field of deep learning, a branch of artificial intelligence where computers learn on their own. Deep learning is key to advancing self-driving tech as it allows cars to learn safe driving at a much faster rate than traditional programming. "The growth of demand is much faster than the rate of which we can produce people with PhDs or even master’s in this area," Yoshua Bengio, head of the Montreal Institute for Learning Algorithms, told Business Insider. "There’s just an explosion of interest from the industry... and it’s like a fire growing on the prairie." Growth in demand AlphaGo plays Lee Sedol in the game of Go. Lee Jin-man/AP Machine learning has advanced rapidly in the last five years. In March of last year, a program developed by Google DeepMind, a London-based AI lab, beat a world champion at the highly complex game of Go — a game that has more moves than there are atoms in the universe. That’s not even the latest feat in artificial intelligence. In January, a bot developed by Carnegie Mellon University beat four of the world’s best poker players at Texas Hold ‘Em, sweeping them of $1.8 million. Companies are only expanding their AI teams as the field rapidly develops. "Because machine learning and artificial intelligence is growing, companies are poaching professors all the time," Geoff Gordon, an associate professor of machine learning at CMU, told Business Insider. But automakers, in particular, are making massive investments in experts because they’ve begun their AI efforts late compared to traditional tech companies. Because deep learning has applications far beyond just self-driving cars, manufacturers are having to compete with each other and traditional tech companies. Only 28 companies have more than 10 deep learning specialists on staff, accounting firm KPMG wrote in a 2016 report. What's more, only six technology companies employ 54% of all deep learning specialists: Google, Microsoft, NVIDIA, IBM, Intel, and Samsung. "The traditional power and talent of the auto industry was based in their product development group," Gary Silberg, the head of KPMG’s automotive unit, told Business Insider. "So they would hire these amazing mechanical and electrical engineers at the top schools of engineering and they would be part of product development." "You can’t just turn on a dime and say, 'ok, now we are going to go recruit AI geniuses and computer scientists and expect them to come to work with us,'" Silberg continued. The bottleneck effect Business Insider/Corey Protin Companies pursuing self-driving cars have turned to the universities with the brightest minds in the space to acquire talent. In March 2015, Uber gutted Carnegie Mellon University’s AI and robotics center. The ride-hailing service poached over 50 experts, including Anthony Stentz, who had served as the director for the last four-and-a-half years. A few months later, Uber announced a strategic partnership with the university to create the Uber Advanced Technologies Center for self-driving cars. Andrew Ng, a renowned deep learning expert, left Stanford to become Baidu’s chief scientist in 2014. Baidu has a permit to test its self-driving vehicles in California and has tested its cars in China. Universities are struggling to fill the void left by these poachings. Companies have created a bottleneck where they are looking for talent at a rate that’s impossible to produce, said Bengio, the University of Montreal professor who is considered a pioneer in deep learning. It takes about five years for the average doctoral candidate to get his or her PhD. Carnegie Mellon University Carnegie Mellon University/Facebook The problem is amplified by the fact that professors are leaving universities to work at tech and auto companies. "The demand for people who want to work in this area is growing but the bottleneck is that there are not enough academic labs, not enough professors to supervise all these students who want to get into this field," Bengio said. Gordon said CMU is definitely seeing an increase in the number of people who want to specialize in deep learning. For the upcoming academic year, CMU’s machine learning doctorate program received 800 applications. It had received 300 applications just two years prior. Bengio said he gets 600 applications every year for students who want to study machine learning at the University of Montreal. He can only teach around 20 students. That growing interest in machine learning is encouraging, but classroom sizes can only expand so much with a limited pool of professors. "There are very few experts in this area until quite recently and many of them are being snapped up by industries because they are in so much of a need for that expertise," Bengio said. "So now you have even less professors than you did just a couple of years ago." A $1 billion going rate Ford The shortage of AI talent means the going rate for specialists is high, especially for startups, which allow companies to acquire talent in bulk. GM bought San Francisco-based startup Cruise Automation for $581 million in March 2016. Uber bought self-driving-truck startup Otto in a deal worth $680 million last August. More recently, Ford invested $1 billion in Pittsburgh-based startup Argo AI. That investment will be spread out over 5 years. Julie Lodge-Jarrett, Ford’s human resources director, said the Argo AI investment is indicative of how Ford has changed its strategy to recruit and retain talent as demand for artificial intelligence experts rises. "As we’ve shifted from being an automotive company to being automotive and mobility we’ve seen an increase need for tech talent," Lodge-Jarrett told Business Insider. "So in places like machine learning or AI or robotics… we see a greater need for ourselves at Ford and also a more competitive market for that particular talent." Lodge-Jarret said Ford is looking to buy more talent in bulk because it also helps them recruit in the future. Argo AI is co-founded by Bryan Salesky, the former director of hardware for Google's self-driving-car efforts, and Peter Rander, Uber's engineering lead at its autonomous cars center. Those kinds of connections make it easier for Ford to acquire the kind of talent that has traditionally worked for major tech companies. Bengio said the Argo AI investment is indicative of how "the game has been in the last couple of years." "The sad thing is most of these are just for recruiting," he said. "It’s kind of a loss for the economy because most often the projects these small companies had don’t continue once they’ve been integrated into the company…. It’s kind of a waste of resources and investment in some sense." SEE ALSO: An MIT professor explains why we are still a long ways off from solving one of the biggest problems with self-driving cars NOW WATCH: Rolls-Royce made a stunning driverless concept car Loading video... More: AI artificial intellgence Ford Uber General Motors Self-Driving Car BITranspo facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru There's a raging talent war for AI experts and its costing automakers millions There's a raging talent war for AI experts and its costing automakers millions The self-driving car space is getting... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured This man dropped out of college twice and now directs MIT's Media Lab — here's how he did it More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Transportation Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Sunday shows SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Dem senator: Trump at zero credibility after wiretap claims Senate — 0s ago Trump to name coal lobbyist as deputy EPA chief: report Blog Briefing Room — 13m 34s ago Maddow's Trump's tax return reveal delivers 4.1 million viewers for MSNBC Media — 17m 58s ago Irish proverb shared by Trump might actually be from a Nigerian poet: report Blog Briefing Room — 41m 28s ago House votes to make it easier to fire VA employees for misconduct Floor Action — 1h 39s ago Obama reportedly spending a month in French Polynesia Blog Briefing Room — 1h 3m ago GOP leaders want details before funding Trump’s border wall Senate — 1h 29m ago Dem rep asks White House for Sebastian Gorka's immigration papers Blog Briefing Room — 1h 29m ago view all   Schiff: 'I don't expect we're going to see any evidence' of Trump's wiretap claims By Rebecca Savransky - 03/12/17 10:00 AM EDT 47   WATCH: Top House Intel Committee Dem @RepAdamSchiff on #ThisWeek doesn't believe DOJ has evidence to support Trump's wiretap charge. pic.twitter.com/YYuMDq6wsh— This Week (@ThisWeekABC) March 12, 2017 Rep. Adam SchiffAdam SchiffOvernight Cybersecurity: Trump standing by wiretapping claim | Cyber gets boost in Trump budget | Bad bots on the rise | McDonald's Twitter hack Senate Intel leaders were 'fully briefed' on wiretapping allegations: report FBI chief expected to deny wiretapping claim, Dem says MORE (D-Calif.) said in an interview Sunday that he doesn't think there will be any evidence to back up President Trump's wiretapping claims. "I don't expect we're going to see any evidence of this either," Schiff, the ranking member of the House Select Committee on Intelligence, said on ABC's "This Week." "There are one of two possibilities here. Either the president quite deliberately for some reason made up this charge or, perhaps more disturbing, the president really believes this," he continued.  "And here's where I think it's consequential ... if six months from now the president should say that Iran is cheating on the nuclear agreement, if he's making that up, it's a real problem. If he's not making it up and it's true, it's an even bigger problem because the question is, would people believe him." ADVERTISEMENT Schiff questioned whether the American people and people around the world would believe the president if he made such a claim. "And that has real-world consequences," he said.  Earlier this month, Trump claimed former President Obama had ordered the wiretapping of Trump Tower. In a series of early morning tweets, the president questioned how "low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process." FBI Director James Comey reportedly asked the Justice Department to publicly reject the president's claims. Tags Adam Schiff Sunday shows   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 McDonald's tweets to Trump: 'You... A tweet from the McDonald's corporate account called President Trump "a... 1,007 Shares 2 Violent threats against the... OPINION | The media is playing favorites, and Americans notice.  563 Shares 3 The 19 federal agencies Trump... President Trump’s budget blueprint proposes eliminating 19 federal... 305 Shares 4 CNN’s Chalian: Trump ‘looked like... President Trump "looked like a third grader" trying to “squirm out of a... 278 Shares 5 White House defends proposed cuts... "We can’t spend money on programs because they sound good," budget... 256 Shares 6 New York police chief pans Trump's... The police chief said Trump's proposed budget would especially hurt his... 229 Shares 7 GOP leaders want details before... “We’d like to see what the plan is before we write a big check,” Rep.... 215 Shares 8 Flynn took money from multiple... President Trump’s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn,... 214 Shares 9 Dem rep asks White House for... Rep. Jerrold Nadler (D-N.Y.) is asking the White House to hand Trump aide... 207 Shares 10 Sean Hannity once pointed a gun at... The incident allegedly occurred off-camera last October on Hannity's Fox... 206 Shares 11 Irish proverb shared by Trump... President Trump on Thursday met with Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny in... 206 Shares 12 Congressional reporter for... The congressional reporter for the conservative Independent Journal Review... 199 Shares 13 GOP senator: EPA 'brainwashing our... Sen. James Inhofe (R-Okla.) is accusing the Environmental Protection... 171 Shares 14 Dem lawmaker: Trump might've... The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee suggested Thursday... 139 Shares 15 Nervous GOP senators rooting for... A growing number of GOP senators are hoping the House fails to pass its... 139 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Sunday shows SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Dem senator: Trump at zero credibility after wiretap claims Senate — 0s ago Trump to name coal lobbyist as deputy EPA chief: report Blog Briefing Room — 14m 20s ago Maddow's Trump's tax return reveal delivers 4.1 million viewers for MSNBC Media — 18m 44s ago Irish proverb shared by Trump might actually be from a Nigerian poet: report Blog Briefing Room — 42m 14s ago House votes to make it easier to fire VA employees for misconduct Floor Action — 1h 1m ago Obama reportedly spending a month in French Polynesia Blog Briefing Room — 1h 4m ago GOP leaders want details before funding Trump’s border wall Senate — 1h 29m ago Dem rep asks White House for Sebastian Gorka's immigration papers Blog Briefing Room — 1h 29m ago view all   McCain: Trump has to retract wiretap claim or provide information By Mallory Shelbourne - 03/12/17 09:30 AM EDT 34,738   Sen. John McCainJohn McCainOvernight Defense: Trump seeks B more for 2017 defense spending | Boeing VP tapped for Pentagon post Protect lives, U.S. credibility: Pass the Keeping Our Promise to Our Afghan Allies Act Why Trump's defense budget is not enough to rebuild America's military MORE (R-Ariz.) on Sunday said President Trump either has to retract his claim that former President Barack ObamaBarack ObamaDem senator: Trump at zero credibility after wiretap claims Obama reportedly spending a month in French Polynesia Overnight Cybersecurity: Trump standing by wiretapping claim | Cyber gets boost in Trump budget | Bad bots on the rise | McDonald's Twitter hack MORE wiretapped Trump Tower, or provide evidence of the allegations. “President Trump has to provide the American people, not just the intelligence community, but the American people, with evidence that his predecessor, former president of the Unites States was guilty of breaking the law,” McCain told CNN’s “State of the Union.” Trump last weekend accused Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower just before the November presidential election. The president did not provide evidence. Obama, through a spokesman, denied that he or any White House official ordered surveillance. ADVERTISEMENT The White House has called on Congress to include an investigation into any potential surveillance as part of its probe on Russia’s interference in the presidential election. The House Intelligence Committee has asked the White House to provide any evidence of the allegations by Monday. McCain said on Sunday that if Obama “violated the law” by ordering a wiretap, then "we’ve got a serious issue.” “I have no reason to believe that the charge is true, but I also believe that the president of the Unites States could clear this up in a minute,” McCain said, adding that Trump could call the director of the CIA and the director of national intelligence for proof. Tags Barack Obama John McCain Trump Tower   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 McDonald's tweets to Trump: 'You... A tweet from the McDonald's corporate account called President Trump "a... 1,007 Shares 2 Violent threats against the... OPINION | The media is playing favorites, and Americans notice.  563 Shares 3 The 19 federal agencies Trump... President Trump’s budget blueprint proposes eliminating 19 federal... 305 Shares 4 CNN’s Chalian: Trump ‘looked like... President Trump "looked like a third grader" trying to “squirm out of a... 278 Shares 5 White House defends proposed cuts... "We can’t spend money on programs because they sound good," budget... 256 Shares 6 New York police chief pans Trump's... The police chief said Trump's proposed budget would especially hurt his... 229 Shares 7 GOP leaders want details before... “We’d like to see what the plan is before we write a big check,” Rep.... 215 Shares 8 Flynn took money from multiple... President Trump’s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn,... 214 Shares 9 Dem rep asks White House for... Rep. Jerrold Nadler (D-N.Y.) is asking the White House to hand Trump aide... 207 Shares 10 Sean Hannity once pointed a gun at... The incident allegedly occurred off-camera last October on Hannity's Fox... 206 Shares 11 Irish proverb shared by Trump... President Trump on Thursday met with Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny in... 206 Shares 12 Congressional reporter for... The congressional reporter for the conservative Independent Journal Review... 199 Shares 13 GOP senator: EPA 'brainwashing our... Sen. James Inhofe (R-Okla.) is accusing the Environmental Protection... 171 Shares 14 Dem lawmaker: Trump might've... The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee suggested Thursday... 139 Shares 15 Nervous GOP senators rooting for... A growing number of GOP senators are hoping the House fails to pass its... 139 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Hacker Lexicon: What Is an Attack Surface? subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 12 hours This could turn bitcoin into more than a digital currency, but a way of building an entirely new kind of business bit.ly/2mSlRfy Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Paul Taylor/Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Lily Hay Newman. Lily Hay Newman Security Date of Publication: 03.12.17. 03.12.17 Time of Publication: 8:00 am. 8:00 am Hacker Lexicon: What Is an Attack Surface? Paul Taylor/Getty Images Amid so many recent high-profile hacks and data breaches, security experts are fond of pointing out that there’s no such thing as perfect security. It’s true! But it also invites the question: Why doesn’t literally everything get hacked all the time? The answer has to do with the relative incentives and the costs of infiltrating a given network. And one of the concepts underlying that calculus is the idea of an “attack surface.” Here’s an example. Imagine if someone asked you to get inside two buildings, one after the other. The first is a hotel, so you just walk through the main entrance, or maybe through the bar, or up from the parking garage, or from the pool in back. The second is a concrete cube with no visible windows or doors; time to break out the jackhammer. Attack the Block That’s the idea behind “attack surface,” the total number of points or vectors through which an attacker could try to enter an environment. In cybersecurity, the concept applies to ways an attacker could send data to and/or extract data from a network. Just like it’s easier to get into the hotel than the bunker, it’s easier for attackers to find vulnerabilities in the defenses of a network that has a lot of data interfaces than a network that only has a few very controlled access points. “All software has attackable places depending on what access the attacker has and is able to gain,” says Brook S. E. Schoenfield, principle engineer at Intel Security and the author of Securing Systems: Applied Security Architecture and Threat Models. “But if you design it well and design it defensively, at least they’re limited to the channels you give them that you know about.” Attacks! Andy Greenberg How the CIA Can Hack Your Phone, PC, and TV (Says WikiLeaks) Lily Hay Newman WikiLeaks Just Dumped a Mega-Trove of CIA Hacking Secrets Lily Hay Newman The Year’s Biggest Hacks, From Yahoo To the DNC Attack surface awareness is no security panacea, but understanding how a network’s exposure relates to its risk of being breached gives a lot of valuable context. It can be hard to tell what’s really going on with any given security incident. But just by considering the victim’s potential attack surface—how secure the network probably was (or wasn’t) to begin with, how many ways in there would have been for an attacker, and how likely a successful breach would be overall—you can formulate ideas about what happened. Take the “Vault 7” CIA data Wikileaks released this week. Assuming it is legitimate, it originated from a network that presumably has a very small attack surface. Wikileaks expressly claims that the data is from “an isolated, high-security network situated inside the CIA’s Center for Cyber Intelligence in Langley, Virgina,” and experts agree that seems likely. And knowing that CIA networks are probably secure and defended supports the notion that the the data was either leaked by someone with inside access, or stolen by a well-resourced hacking group. It’s far less likely that a random low-level spammer could have just casually happened upon a way in. On the other side of the spectrum sits Yahoo and its many breaches. A huge company naturally has a broad and diverse attack surface—places where an attacker could attempt to access internal networks from the outside. That scale of potential exposure combined with reports that Yahoo grossly under-prioritized security for years gives you a pretty good sense of why attackers hit Yahoo so many times and, with such devastating results. Hitting Home Making these back-of-the-napkin assessments helps contextualize news, but it has a more practical purpose too: It can help you assess the vulnerability of your own home network. Analyzing the digital attack surface of your personal life is a surprisingly easy way to make secure decisions. Think of your home network: Any device you own that connects to the internet expands your attack surface. Each creates one more entry point an attacker could potentially find a vulnerability in, compromise, and use as a jumping off point to wreak havoc. The threat of a break-in doesn’t mean you board up all your windows. “The term attack surface applies to everyone,” says David Kennedy, a penetration tester and CEO of the security firm TrustedSec. “As attackers, we commonly go after anything that is a part of your electronic or internet surface. In the context of home users, devices on your network such as door bells that have internet connectivity, smart TVs, routers, cameras—all of these devices provide an elevated surface for attackers in order to gain access to your home network.” That doesn’t mean you should stay off the internet altogether; the threat of a break-in doesn’t mean you board up all your windows. But it should give you pause when acquiring more and more gadgets that talk to each other, company servers, and who knows what else online. You need a modem and router, and probably have a number of smartphones, computers, tablets, digital media streaming boxes, and ereaders. That’s fine! It’s just a lot to keep updated, manage, and defend. Adding a slew of other devices like smart home hubs, network lightbulbs, connected thermostats, fitness monitors, and internet-enabled shower heads expands your attack surface even more, so it’s important to add these devices to your life selectively with that understanding in mind. It might be worth it to you to have an Amazon Echo, but if you’re not using the “smart” features of your smart TV, go ahead and disconnect it from Wi-Fi. “Plainly, if you have a ton of [IoT] stuff in your home, your attack surface is drastically increased,” Kennedy says. The same goes for your data, and online accounts held by institutions. Creating accounts and storing information in them, like photos or credit card numbers, should be a conscious, intentional choice. If you send flowers to people a lot go ahead and make an account with a florist. But that one time you send a box of Florida oranges you’re better off checking out as a guest. See? You’re getting it already. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. attack surface cybersecurity Defense digital security hack hacker lexicon Hacking Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular It Begins: Bots Are Learning to Chat in Their Own Language Artificial Intelligence It Begins: Bots Are Learning to Chat in Their Own Language Cade Metz The Secret of the Crazy-Tough Water Bear, Finally Revealed biology The Secret of the Crazy-Tough Water Bear, Finally Revealed Matt Simon Humans Made the Banana Perfect—But Soon, It’ll Be Gone book excerpt Humans Made the Banana Perfect—But Soon, It’ll Be Gone Rob Dunn Rebooting The Matrix? Yeah, That’s Not How Nostalgia Works Movies Rebooting The Matrix? Yeah, That’s Not How Nostalgia Works Angela Watercutter That Deleted McDonald’s Tweet? Too Surreal, Even For Fast-Food Twitter Internet Culture That Deleted McDonald’s Tweet? Too Surreal, Even For Fast-Food Twitter Brian Raftery Trump’s Budget Is Awful if You’re a Worker, Great if You’re a Robot National Affairs Trump’s Budget Is Awful if You’re a Worker, Great if You’re a Robot Emily Dreyfuss From Logan to Get Out, You’re in A+ Times for B Movies Movies From Logan to Get Out, You’re in A+ Times for B Movies Brian Raftery The Initial Coin Offering, the Bitcoin-y Stock That’s Not Stock—But Definitely a Big Deal Finance The Initial Coin Offering, the Bitcoin-y Stock That’s Not Stock—But Definitely a Big Deal Cade Metz More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Security National Affairs Trump Can’t Quit His Wiretap Claims. That Won’t End Well Brian Barrett Security WIRED Had a Potential Infosecurity Problem. Here’s What We Did About It Zack Tollman Cybercrime Hacker Lexicon: A Guide to Ransomware, the Scary Hack That’s on the Rise encryption WhatsApp Hack Shows That Even Encryption Apps Are Vulnerable in a Browser Andy Greenberg Hack Brief Hack Brief: High-Profile Twitter Accounts Overrun With Swastikas Brian Barrett National Affairs Trump’s Budget Is Awful if You’re a Worker, Great if You’re a Robot Emily Dreyfuss We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 12 hours This could turn bitcoin into more than a digital currency, but a way of building an entirely new kind of business bit.ly/2mSlRfy Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 12 hours This could turn bitcoin into more than a digital currency, but a way of building an entirely new kind of business bit.ly/2mSlRfy Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 March 2017 by Military News #1 in Storage, Servers, Virtualization = Powerful Hyper-Converged Appliances and Systems Dell EMC today announced it has expanded its leading converged systems portfolio by integrating its industry-leading PowerEdge servers into VxRail Appliances and VxRack System 1000 hyper-converged infrastructure (HCI) to address new use cases. By owning both the compute and storage layers of the hyper-converged stack and having a co-engineering relationship with VMware, Dell EMC can deliver even more customer value by innovating faster. Dell EMC’s world-class supply chain provides quality, flexibility and speed of delivery and can offer new price points that allow more customers to enjoy the benefits of HCI. Now customers can partner with a single vendor for end-to-end HCI with comprehensive service and support offerings that provide a path to assisting business growth and investment protection to modernize their data center. “Dell EMC owning both the compute and storage portions of the hyper-converged stack is a game-changer for the HCI portfolio,” said Terri McClure, Senior Analyst, Enterprise Strategy Group. “It allows the company to deliver more value choices for customers via investment protection, faster innovation, supply chain advantages and savings it can pass on. The fast integration of PowerEdge servers into VxRail Appliances and VxRack Systems is a major example of the synergy of the acquisition and the benefits of the companies coming together – more value, more choice and maintained investment protection for customers.” New VxRail Appliances Based on PowerEdge Servers The VxRail Appliance Family, the industry’s only HCI appliances specifically developed and fully optimized for VMware environments, now have configurations powered by the latest Intel Broadwell Platforms, VMware vSphere and VMware VSAN technologies and based on PowerEdge servers. These feature 40% more CPU performance for the same price, increased flexibility and scalability with more configurations than before, all-flash nodes equipped with 2x more storage and a new 3-node entry point that is 25% less expensive. New addressable workloads include: Storage heavy workloads including Big Data Analytics and Microsoft Exchange can take advantage of VxRail Appliances based on the PowerEdge R730xd platform that has highly dense storage nodes coupled with the latest Intel processors to provide high-performance processing. Graphics-heavy client virtualization workloads that require increasing levels of performance found in the latest operating systems including Microsoft Windows 10, as well as productivity applications and graphics-intensive CAD/CAM, research and development applications. Everyone from knowledge workers and mobile professionals to designers and engineers will benefit from VxRail with the PowerEdge R730 platform including GPU acceleration from NVIDIA and AMD, with dual configurations of the NVIDIA Tesla M60 with NVIDIA Grid Software. Remote Office/Branch Office environments can leverage the low-end 3-node entry option across the family with a starting price of under $45,000 (USD) allowing customers to cost-effectively deploy hyper-converged infrastructure to simplify IT management at multiple remote sites. For customers seeking to accelerate time-to-value of an enterprise-class client virtualization solution, Dell EMC will offer new configurations of VxRail Appliances with VMware Horizon. The solutions are specifically optimized for client virtualization in order to provide simplified deployment and management of virtual workspaces. The solution, validated by Dell EMC with support from VMware and NVIDIA, offers flexibility and high performance to accommodate a variety of needs and decreases time-to-delivery of the solution from weeks to days. New VxRack System Based on PowerEdge Servers VxRack System 1000, the only rack-scale hyper-converged system with integrated top-of-rack Spine-Leaf networking and SDN options, is the perfect choice for core data centers that require both enterprise-grade resiliency and the ability to start small and scale easily. Now based on PowerEdge R630 and R730xd servers, these VxRack Systems offer more capacity and 40% more CPU performance without increasing footprint or cost. With more than 20 new configurations, customers have the flexibility to add as needed compute-heavy, storage-heavy or balanced configurations (in both all-flash and hybrid models) as needed to match their workload requirements. The benefits of the VxRack System all-flash configurations include: Better all-flash economics that offer 2.5x more usable flash capacity for a similar price versus previous generations Application acceleration with SanDisk DAS Cache speeds storage I/O operations while reducing latency, resulting in improved performance of I/O-intensive applications such as Microsoft SQL OLTP Configuration flexibility enables customers to scale linearly as their workloads require by incrementally adding high-density, storage-heavy or compute-heavy node configurations Regardless of use case or where an organization is on its journey to the cloud, Dell EMC offers a broad and ever-expanding portfolio of appliances (VxRail or XC Series), rack-scale engineered systems, validated systems, reference architectures and solutions that are optimized for both traditional and cloud-native workloads running in data center core or edge locations. Dell Financial Services (DFS) has a full range of flexible payment options to support customers wherever they are in their journey to the cloud. Whether a customer is seeking to balance OpEx versus CapEx or determine the right mix of off-premises versus on-premises solutions, DFS has solutions – from traditional leases to the new portfolio of OpenScale flexible consumption solutions – to match the full range of consumption use cases of Dell EMC customers. Availability: VxRack FLEX with PowerEdge-based nodes are orderable today and available in Q4 2016. VxRack SDDC with PowerEdge-based nodes with integrated PowerEdge servers will be orderable in Q4 2016. VxRail Appliances integrated with PowerEdge servers are orderable and generally available in Q4 2016 in most major markets and generally available worldwide in 2017. VxRail Appliances based on PowerEdge servers with VMware Horizon for client virtualization is available in December 2016. Customer Quote: Todd Sharp, Senior Network Engineer, Topgolf “Topgolf’s ‘Technology Innovation’ team supports the gaming, point-of-sale and kitchen apps at each of our more than 30 Topgolf venues. High availability is critical to our revenue generation and great guest experiences. That’s why we feel we can rest easy with the reliability and performance we get with the three-node Dell EMC VxRail hyper-converged infrastructure appliance. It will keep us operating no matter what.” Partner Quotes: John Fanelli, vice president of Products, NVIDIA “Within any organization, high-performance users need to be productive and work quickly without compromise. NVIDIA Tesla GPUs with NVIDIA GRID software and the Dell PowerEdge R730 server let people work on demanding, graphics-intensive applications and projects from any location on a variety of devices.” Yanbing Li, SVP and general manager, Storage and Availability Business Unit, VMware “VxRail Appliances and VxRack Systems are Dell EMC HCI solutions that speed deployment and simplify management of VMware environments for business critical data center environments across the Hybrid Cloud.  At the core of these innovative Dell EMC HCI solutions is VMware vSAN, an enterprise-class software defined storage solution that can start small and is embedded in the VMware vSphere Kernel and easily managed through VMware vCenter. For the more than 500,000 customers of VMware, these new Dell EMC HCI offerings based on PowerEdge servers provide a way to intelligently invest in IT with more compute power, higher storage density, and compelling infrastructure economics.” Dell EMC Executive Quote: Chad Sakac, President, the Converged Platforms and Solutions Division of Dell EMC “As the clear market leader in converged infrastructure and the HCI domain being the fastest-growing segment driven by customers modernizing their data centers, Dell EMC is maniacally focused on continuing to expand our HCI portfolio to address more uses cases for customers of all sizes. With our industry-leading PowerEdge Servers in VxRail Appliances and VxRack Systems, customers gain tremendous functionality and better economics to leverage HCI for workloads whether they live on the edge or the core of the data center.” Additional Resources: About Dell EMC Dell EMC, a part of Dell Technologies, enables organizations to modernize, automate and transform their data center using industry-leading converged infrastructure, servers, storage and data protection technologies.  This provides a trusted foundation for businesses to transform IT, through the creation of a hybrid cloud, and transform their business through the creation of cloud-native applications and big data solutions.  Dell EMC services its customers – including 98 percent of the Fortune 500 – with the industry’s broadest, most innovative infrastructure portfolio from edge to core to cloud. Dell EMC World Dell EMC World 2016, Oct. 18-20, is Dell Technologies’ flagship event, bringing together technology and business professionals to network, share ideas and help co-create a better future. Learn more at www.dellemcworld.com and follow #DellEMCWorld on Twitter.  CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, division, general, Industry, major, Markets, service, Technology, Uncategorized, unit, Video Games, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Dell EMC Innovations Lay Foundation For Digital Transformation Next PostNext New Dell EMC OpenScale Payment Solutions Portfolio Delivers Flexibility in IT Acquisition and Consumption Posted on 12 March 2017 by Military News #1 in Storage, Servers, Virtualization = Powerful Hyper-Converged Appliances and Systems Dell EMC today announced it has expanded its leading converged systems portfolio by integrating its industry-leading PowerEdge servers into VxRail Appliances and VxRack System 1000 hyper-converged infrastructure (HCI) to address new use cases. By owning both the compute and storage layers of the hyper-converged stack and having a co-engineering relationship with VMware, Dell EMC can deliver even more customer value by innovating faster. Dell EMC’s world-class supply chain provides quality, flexibility and speed of delivery and can offer new price points that allow more customers to enjoy the benefits of HCI. Now customers can partner with a single vendor for end-to-end HCI with comprehensive service and support offerings that provide a path to assisting business growth and investment protection to modernize their data center. “Dell EMC owning both the compute and storage portions of the hyper-converged stack is a game-changer for the HCI portfolio,” said Terri McClure, Senior Analyst, Enterprise Strategy Group. “It allows the company to deliver more value choices for customers via investment protection, faster innovation, supply chain advantages and savings it can pass on. The fast integration of PowerEdge servers into VxRail Appliances and VxRack Systems is a major example of the synergy of the acquisition and the benefits of the companies coming together – more value, more choice and maintained investment protection for customers.” New VxRail Appliances Based on PowerEdge Servers The VxRail Appliance Family, the industry’s only HCI appliances specifically developed and fully optimized for VMware environments, now have configurations powered by the latest Intel Broadwell Platforms, VMware vSphere and VMware VSAN technologies and based on PowerEdge servers. These feature 40% more CPU performance for the same price, increased flexibility and scalability with more configurations than before, all-flash nodes equipped with 2x more storage and a new 3-node entry point that is 25% less expensive. New addressable workloads include: Storage heavy workloads including Big Data Analytics and Microsoft Exchange can take advantage of VxRail Appliances based on the PowerEdge R730xd platform that has highly dense storage nodes coupled with the latest Intel processors to provide high-performance processing. Graphics-heavy client virtualization workloads that require increasing levels of performance found in the latest operating systems including Microsoft Windows 10, as well as productivity applications and graphics-intensive CAD/CAM, research and development applications. Everyone from knowledge workers and mobile professionals to designers and engineers will benefit from VxRail with the PowerEdge R730 platform including GPU acceleration from NVIDIA and AMD, with dual configurations of the NVIDIA Tesla M60 with NVIDIA Grid Software. Remote Office/Branch Office environments can leverage the low-end 3-node entry option across the family with a starting price of under $45,000 (USD) allowing customers to cost-effectively deploy hyper-converged infrastructure to simplify IT management at multiple remote sites. For customers seeking to accelerate time-to-value of an enterprise-class client virtualization solution, Dell EMC will offer new configurations of VxRail Appliances with VMware Horizon. The solutions are specifically optimized for client virtualization in order to provide simplified deployment and management of virtual workspaces. The solution, validated by Dell EMC with support from VMware and NVIDIA, offers flexibility and high performance to accommodate a variety of needs and decreases time-to-delivery of the solution from weeks to days. New VxRack System Based on PowerEdge Servers VxRack System 1000, the only rack-scale hyper-converged system with integrated top-of-rack Spine-Leaf networking and SDN options, is the perfect choice for core data centers that require both enterprise-grade resiliency and the ability to start small and scale easily. Now based on PowerEdge R630 and R730xd servers, these VxRack Systems offer more capacity and 40% more CPU performance without increasing footprint or cost. With more than 20 new configurations, customers have the flexibility to add as needed compute-heavy, storage-heavy or balanced configurations (in both all-flash and hybrid models) as needed to match their workload requirements. The benefits of the VxRack System all-flash configurations include: Better all-flash economics that offer 2.5x more usable flash capacity for a similar price versus previous generations Application acceleration with SanDisk DAS Cache speeds storage I/O operations while reducing latency, resulting in improved performance of I/O-intensive applications such as Microsoft SQL OLTP Configuration flexibility enables customers to scale linearly as their workloads require by incrementally adding high-density, storage-heavy or compute-heavy node configurations Regardless of use case or where an organization is on its journey to the cloud, Dell EMC offers a broad and ever-expanding portfolio of appliances (VxRail or XC Series), rack-scale engineered systems, validated systems, reference architectures and solutions that are optimized for both traditional and cloud-native workloads running in data center core or edge locations. Dell Financial Services (DFS) has a full range of flexible payment options to support customers wherever they are in their journey to the cloud. Whether a customer is seeking to balance OpEx versus CapEx or determine the right mix of off-premises versus on-premises solutions, DFS has solutions – from traditional leases to the new portfolio of OpenScale flexible consumption solutions – to match the full range of consumption use cases of Dell EMC customers. Availability: VxRack FLEX with PowerEdge-based nodes are orderable today and available in Q4 2016. VxRack SDDC with PowerEdge-based nodes with integrated PowerEdge servers will be orderable in Q4 2016. VxRail Appliances integrated with PowerEdge servers are orderable and generally available in Q4 2016 in most major markets and generally available worldwide in 2017. VxRail Appliances based on PowerEdge servers with VMware Horizon for client virtualization is available in December 2016. Customer Quote: Todd Sharp, Senior Network Engineer, Topgolf “Topgolf’s ‘Technology Innovation’ team supports the gaming, point-of-sale and kitchen apps at each of our more than 30 Topgolf venues. High availability is critical to our revenue generation and great guest experiences. That’s why we feel we can rest easy with the reliability and performance we get with the three-node Dell EMC VxRail hyper-converged infrastructure appliance. It will keep us operating no matter what.” Partner Quotes: John Fanelli, vice president of Products, NVIDIA “Within any organization, high-performance users need to be productive and work quickly without compromise. NVIDIA Tesla GPUs with NVIDIA GRID software and the Dell PowerEdge R730 server let people work on demanding, graphics-intensive applications and projects from any location on a variety of devices.” Yanbing Li, SVP and general manager, Storage and Availability Business Unit, VMware “VxRail Appliances and VxRack Systems are Dell EMC HCI solutions that speed deployment and simplify management of VMware environments for business critical data center environments across the Hybrid Cloud.  At the core of these innovative Dell EMC HCI solutions is VMware vSAN, an enterprise-class software defined storage solution that can start small and is embedded in the VMware vSphere Kernel and easily managed through VMware vCenter. For the more than 500,000 customers of VMware, these new Dell EMC HCI offerings based on PowerEdge servers provide a way to intelligently invest in IT with more compute power, higher storage density, and compelling infrastructure economics.” Dell EMC Executive Quote: Chad Sakac, President, the Converged Platforms and Solutions Division of Dell EMC “As the clear market leader in converged infrastructure and the HCI domain being the fastest-growing segment driven by customers modernizing their data centers, Dell EMC is maniacally focused on continuing to expand our HCI portfolio to address more uses cases for customers of all sizes. With our industry-leading PowerEdge Servers in VxRail Appliances and VxRack Systems, customers gain tremendous functionality and better economics to leverage HCI for workloads whether they live on the edge or the core of the data center.” Additional Resources: About Dell EMC Dell EMC, a part of Dell Technologies, enables organizations to modernize, automate and transform their data center using industry-leading converged infrastructure, servers, storage and data protection technologies.  This provides a trusted foundation for businesses to transform IT, through the creation of a hybrid cloud, and transform their business through the creation of cloud-native applications and big data solutions.  Dell EMC services its customers – including 98 percent of the Fortune 500 – with the industry’s broadest, most innovative infrastructure portfolio from edge to core to cloud. Dell EMC World Dell EMC World 2016, Oct. 18-20, is Dell Technologies’ flagship event, bringing together technology and business professionals to network, share ideas and help co-create a better future. Learn more at www.dellemcworld.com and follow #DellEMCWorld on Twitter.  CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, division, general, Industry, major, Markets, service, Technology, Uncategorized, unit, Video Games, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Dell EMC Innovations Lay Foundation For Digital Transformation Next PostNext New Dell EMC OpenScale Payment Solutions Portfolio Delivers Flexibility in IT Acquisition and Consumption Search Recent Posts AJC Statement on President Trump’s 2018 Budget Proposal Interview with David Koch Cloudbric Announces Major IDC Expansion Into US, Europe, and Southeast Asia Secretary Perry Statement on the Budget Blueprint Secretary Perry Statement on the Budget Blueprint Proudly powered by WordPress
Middle-east Arab News Opinion | Asharq Al-awsat Flynn Told Trump Team He might Register as a Foreign Agent - ASHARQ AL-AWSAT English English edition of Asharq Al-Awsat - the world’s premier pan-Arab daily. News, Politics, Middle-East, Saudi Arabia, Oponion, and Lots more... ENGLISH EDITION OF ASHARQ AL-AWSAT فارسي FA عربی AR اردو UR Middle East Middle East Kuwait Reveals New Message from Iran to Enhance Relations with GCC 150,000 Iraqis Flee West Mosul as Rain Hampers Attack on ISIS Healthcare ‘Weaponized,’ Unaccompanied Children Biggest Victims of Syria War Jordanian Woman on US ‘Most Wanted Terrorist’ List Terrorists Open Fire in Qatif Killing a Police Officer Over Half of Yemen’s Population in Food Crisis World World Troubled Student Responsible for Grasse School Shooting in France Germany’s Merkel to Visit Russia for First Time since Crimea’s Annexation Paris IMF Letter Bomb Injures One Employee ISIS Militant Arrested in Moscow for Attempting to Blow Himself Up on Women’s Day Greek Militants Claim Explosive Parcel Sent to German Finance Ministry Study: Spiders Eat Annually More than All Humans Put Together Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia, US Agree on Dangers of Iranian Expansionism Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Meets US President Trump Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Arrives in Washington for Meeting with Trump Yemeni Officer: 4 Lebanese ‘Hezbollah’ Members Caught in Ma’rib Terror Suspect Killed in Saudi Police Shootout Saudi Agriculture Receives Alternative Energy Bids, Prepares Divisions for Privatization | Opinion Opinion Doing Muslims ‘Not Extremists’ Justice Significant Breakthroughs for Riyadh Resist the Internet The Animal Spirits in the Jobs Report Restoring the Religious Discourse It is Time to Take Back Our Countries Features Features Citizenship and Diversity: Modern Tools in Combatting Terror Terrorist Attacks in Kabul…Violence, Endless War Region’s Kurds and International Agendas Syria: Writings of Hope and Disappointment on al-Bab Jail Walls Deaf Syrians Learn the Language of War ISIS Tunnels Uncover Assyrian Treasures in Mosul Lifestyle Book Reviews A Rainbow That Makes the Heart Leap Aleppo: A City That Refuses to Die The Crossing Between the Ayatollah and the Marquis Fashion ‘Net-a-Porter’ Cooperates with Five International Designers to Serve Arab Woman The New Markets Enjoy Decent Fashion Designs Fashion, Politics to Dedicate 2017 to Women Out of Fashion: How Men Could Fall off the Catwalk Sports Chelsea 1-0 Manchester United: Five Talking Points from the FA Cup Tie More Money, More Football, but Are We Now Reaching Saturation Point? Unai Emery Must Carry the Can for PSG’s ‘Unspeakable’ Defeat at Barcelona Kanté was a Champion already but Conte Has Made him Better Entertainment Coming to Video Games Near You: Depressed Towns, Dead-End Characters The End of In-Flight Entertainment? The Best New Podcasts of 2016 Arab Film Institute (AFI) Launched during DIFF 2016 World Flynn Told Trump Team He might Register as a Foreign Agent Ashley Parker5 days agoMarch 12, 2017 279 White House National Security Advisor Michael Flynn (C) arrives prior to a joint news conference between Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, U.S., February 13, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria Troubled Student Responsible for Grasse School Shooting in France - Germany's Merkel to Visit Russia for First Time since Crimea’s Annexation - Chelsea 1-0 Manchester United: Five Talking Points from the FA Cup Tie - More Money, More Football, but Are We Now Reaching Saturation Point? - Yemeni Crisis to Be Solved within Weeks- UN - Paris IMF Letter Bomb Injures One Employee - Kuwait Reveals New Message from Iran to Enhance Relations with GCC - Doing Muslims ‘Not Extremists’ Justice - Significant Breakthroughs for Riyadh - ISIS Militant Arrested in Moscow for Attempting to Blow Himself Up on Women’s Day Attorneys for Michael Flynn, President Trump’s former national security adviser, informed the incoming White House legal counsel during the transition that Flynn might need to register with the government as a foreign agent — a phone call that raised no alarms within Trump’s team, despite the unusual circumstance of having a top national security post filled by someone whose work may have benefited a foreign government. The firm Flynn headed, Flynn Intel Group, was hired last year when Flynn was an adviser to the Trump campaign by the Netherlands-based firm ­Inovo BV, which is owned by Turkish businessman Ekim Alptekin. Alptekin has close ties to Turkish President Recep Tay­yip Erdogan. Although the contract ended after the election, new details about the work Flynn did for Inovo resurrect the controversy over his short tenure as Trump’s top national security aide. The national security adviser is supposed to be an honest broker within the executive branch, pulling together military and diplomatic options for the president so he can decide what policy to pursue. But Flynn’s work potentially benefiting Turkey meant he was representing the interests of a country other than the United States at the same time he was advising Trump on foreign policy during the election. Flynn’s firm was paid more than $500,000 by Inovo for public relations and research work, including looking into exiled Turkish cleric Fethullah Gulen, who resides in Pennsylvania. His extradition is being sought by Turkey, which has accused him of fomenting a coup attempt last year. Flynn wrote an op-ed on Nov. 8 for the Hill newspaper in which he called for Gulen’s extradition — a controversial diplomatic issue for the United States. “The primary bone of contention between the US and Turkey is Fethullah Gülen, a shady ­Islamic mullah residing in Pennsylvania whom former president Clinton once called his ‘friend’ in a well circulated video,” Flynn wrote. “Gülen portrays himself as a moderate, but he is in fact a radical Islamist,” he wrote. Flynn resigned from his White House post last month after just 24 days on the job amid reports he misled Vice President Pence about his contacts with the Russian ambassador. But the disclosures this week about Flynn’s ties to Turkey underscore how the specter of the controversial retired lieutenant general still hangs over the White House. On Tuesday, Flynn filed paperwork with the Justice Department identifying himself as a foreign agent who was paid last year to do work that could benefit the Turkish government. Then on Friday it was revealed that Flynn’s attorneys twice told Trump’s legal counsel team of his possible plans to register as a foreign agent — once in a conversation with Don McGahn, Trump’s counsel, before the inauguration and then in a conversation with another member of the White House legal team during the administration’s early days, someone with knowledge of the situation told The Washington Post, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss private conversations. A White House official confirmed both calls, the first of which was reported by the Associated Press, but said that Flynn’s attorneys had simply been seeking guidance, which Trump’s legal team said it was unable to provide. Trump was never informed that his top national security pick felt he might need to register as a foreign agent, the White House said Friday. Dan Pickard, a partner at Wiley Rein and an expert in the Foreign Agents Registration Act, under which Flynn registered, said it is unusual but not unheard of for a senior campaign official to also be registered as an agent of a foreign government. “I’ve been aware of people who are registered under FARA being involved at relatively senior levels of a campaign, but in my experience that’s more the exception than the rule,’’ said Pickard, adding that the legal burden of complying with FARA “is relatively modest.’’ FARA was passed in the run-up to World War II as a means of making pro-Germany activists acknowledge whether they were receiving financial support from that country. For some in Washington, the political appearance of being a paid agent of a foreign government can be more problematic than the actual legal issues, according to others well versed in the law. Some political campaigns have asked FARA registrants in the past to notify them of their status if they attend a fundraiser, and some operatives are wary of being publicly associated with a foreign government. Nearly four weeks after his departure, the White House still can’t seem to escape Flynn. In a week when the administration is making its biggest legislative push yet, White House press secretary Sean Spicer’s Friday afternoon news conference was yet again overshadowed by unflattering reports about Flynn — with Spicer devoting precious time to defending a staffer who no longer even works for the administration. Washington Post Ashley Parker More Posts Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Related FlynntrumpUSWhite House Previous ArticleTwin Blasts Rock Damascus’ Fragile SecurityNext ArticleShould the Gulf Negotiate Iran or De Facto Aggressor: ‘The Revolutionary Guard’? What’s Trending Amaq – 24/7 News Agency Run by ISIS 36305 Saudi Sources: the Ultimate Solution in Yemen will Put an End to the Militias 26849 Crown Prince Patronizes Deluge 6 Exercise 23237 Air Strikes Target al Qaeda in Yemen, Troops Capture Aden District 21686 10,000 More Syrian Refugees to Be Taken in by Canada 21129 Join our social media 264kFans 126kFollowers 229Followers Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awsat Newsletter Email address PRINT SUBSCRIPTIONS DISTRIBUTION ADVERTISING TERMS & CONDITIONS PRIVACY STATEMENT ABOUT US SUBMISSIONS © Copyright 2016 Asharq Al Awsat - Sub Division of SRPC - Site Last updated March 16, 2017 6:56 pm Middle East Opinion Saudi Arabia Features World Lifestyle This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Click to continue Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awast English Newsletter Email address
Thursday, March 16, 2017 Subscriber Services Legal Ads Homes Autos Jobs Classified The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Celebrate 150 Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Komen Race for the Cure Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts TV Listings Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Business Home   Business In surging Portland, a growing divide         By Hal Bernton The Seattle Times March 12, 2017   Today’s Business stories Federal Reserve raises short-term interest rate .25 percent, sees more increases as U.S. economy improves Lane County home sales transforms to ‘super sellers’ market, expert says U.S. homebuilders’ optimism surges to 12-year high in March McDonald’s tests mobile ordering, payments Americans spent slightly more at retail stores last month More Business »   PORTLAND — Jordan Snider made the move here from Los Angeles in 2013 to join his girlfriend. He had no wish for a Portlandia-style life change to work as a barista. He had digital production skills honed by motion-picture work. So he freelanced, then started his own firm, Chromacolor, in a century-old space shared with a bamboo-furniture maker and a “brew bar” where the espressos are served up with fresh-roasted beans. “I was afraid I might end up with a job in a coffee shop. Instead, I opened my own business above a coffee shop,” said Snider, whose small loft is reached by climbing the stairs at the back of the building. Snider, 31, is a bit player in the kaleidoscope of Portland startups that have helped turn this city into one of the nation’s hottest urban economies, with a job-growth rate second only to Miami from 2013 to 2015. But in Portland, as in other parts of the country, the recovery from the depths of the Great Recession has been profoundly uneven. The city’s surging fortunes have been a source of pride but also angst, as soaring home prices and rents increasingly separate the haves from the have-nots. A state analyst notes the fastest employment growth in the Portland area has come at polar ends of the spectrum — low-wage jobs, such as those in the hospitality industry that average $21,000 a year, and high-wage jobs, such as those in tech manufacturing, of more than $130,000. There has been scant increase in middle-income jobs. “The cruel irony is that, in the shadow of this economic growth, there is crushing structural poverty,” wrote Christian Kaylor, of the Oregon Employment Department, which conducted an analysis of job growth. “It’s a classic tale of economic divide. And that divide is growing.” Portland long has benefitted from two major employers situated to the west of the city: sports-apparel giant Nike and Intel, the computer-chip manufacturer. Within Portland proper, much of the recent growth in high-end wages has been driven by the tech startups. Though the urban core lacks a major anchor like Amazon in Seattle, Portland still draws software talent from around the country. Josh Petty is a 26-year-old Purdue University graduate and was a partner in a software-design studio, Cellaflora, in his native Indiana when he decided to move to Portland a year ago. He sometimes works out of his apartment, other times opts to rent space. And he is constantly networking at events such as 1 Million Cups meeting, which last month featured a pitch for Chubstr, an online startup that showcases stylish clothes for big, young men. “There’s a lot of creativity here,” Petty said. “You can push out an idea, and you are not embarrassed. Even if it’s not yet as good as it can be, you are not going to be cut down.” “Anarchist” attitude In Portland, some software developers embrace a kind of artisan ethic that has carried over from woodworking and brewmasters to the world of computer coding. “You have this almost anarchist, against-the-­system attitude,” said Alex Bilmes, chief executive officer of Reflect, a Portland-based startup focused on visualizing data. “It is anti-corporate and you end up getting developers who care much more about their craft than the business impact they are making. They like to write really amazing code.” Even as Portland tech leaders cherish a culture apart from the more corporate Seattle-area scene, they also look north to the Puget Sound region for financial support. Reflect, for example, received some of its $2.5 million investment from Seattle-based Founder’s Co-op, a fund that specializes in early-stage startups and backed Bilmes last year in a three-month incubator program. “Fundamentally, I feel there is a real strong collaboration between the Portland startup community and the Seattle community,” said Chris DeVore, a partner in Founder’s Co-op. When you walk into the century-old building where Snider works, collaboration also thrives, blurring the physical lines between businesses. Close by the street entrance, Coava Coffee showcases an expansive bar and tables crafted by Bamboo Revolution, which sells furniture and other bamboo offerings farther back in the room, and manufactures it in an adjacent industrial space reached through a massive bamboo door. “We wanted to show off what we could do — what bamboo could do — and I get 500 people walking through here every day who would not have been here otherwise. So everybody wins,” said Michael Pullen, who owns Bamboo Revolution and renovated the space. The coffee clientele includes lots of startup people, Snider said, and that helps his business. “The other day, I saw one of my old clients, so I invited him to up to my office to see my coloring process,” he said. In the Portland startup community, many are hoping for a big payoff that is still somewhere on the horizon. Deep pockets So far, Portland has yet to undergo the kind of tech cycle Seattle went through in which some companies matured and early stakeholders cashed in their shares. Still, deep pockets are investing in Portland. Back in September 2015, Amazon announced it was acquiring Elemental Technologies, a Portland-based video software startup, for a price Bloomberg reported to be more than $500 million. Portland is also attracting more satellite offices of Silicon Valley companies, where employees can find more affordable housing than in the Bay Area. “Three years ago, that was rare,” said Bilmes. “But companies are finding that if they create an office here, a significant portion of their workforce want to move.” The migration from Silicon Valley, as well as Seattle, adds to the pressure on Portland real-­estate prices. New arrivals flush with money from home sales in the higher-priced regions often bid up prices. Through most of last year, the monthly rate of increase in Portland home prices led the nation, according to the S&P Case-Schiller price index. Meanwhile, rapidly rising rents are straining tenants. Scott San Filippo, a software developer from the Bay Area, got a front-row seat to that process after he moved to Portland last year. His new home was just across the street from a four-plex that was sold to a new landlord. He then watched three of the tenants, a single father with his son, a couple and an older gentleman, vacate. “I was shocked how people could be forced out,” San Filippo said. “In San Francisco, there is rent control.” In Portland, there is a new push for rent control. That movement has gotten a boost from state House Speaker Tina Kotek, a Portland Democrat, who supports a bill in the Legislature that would remove a statewide ban on rent control. She also backs a temporary, one-year measure to limit rent increases to no more than 5 percent and forbid evictions without cause. “Too many property owners are taking advantage of the market conditions by evicting tenants, raising rents and finding new people who can pay more each month,” Kotek said in a September speech. Number of challenges Within the Portland metropolitan area, expanding the housing supply faces a number of challenges, including an urban-growth boundary that limits where development can occur. But there also is new momentum to increase building housing stock for moderate- and low-income residents. Voters in November approved a $258 million bond measure intended to help ease what the ballot question described as a 24,000-unit shortfall in affordable housing. Then in December, the Portland City Council approved a rule that will require developers building at least 20 units to set aside at least 20 percent of them for households making 80 percent or less than the median income. This year, the council passed law requiring landlords to pay relocation costs for tenants evicted without cause, a move that came about after one apartment owner in northeast Portland in January nearly doubled his tenants’ rent. Meanwhile, the Portland Development Commission, a public agency, wants private partners to commit to incorporating manufacturing spaces and affordable housing in their urban renewal projects. “We are looking for ways that harness and continue the growth — but to do it in a way that benefits all of the community,” said Kimberly Branam, the commission’s executive director. That can be a tough balancing act. For years, the commission has been trying to redevelop The Grove Hotel, a dilapidated structure at a key location in Portland near an ornate gate that marks the entrance to Old Town Chinatown. The commission sold the property to two private developers who have invested more than $30 million to transform the building — now under renovation — into a boutique hotel and retail stores. But just across the street is Right 2 Dream Too, an organized homeless camp that for the past five years has offered a “safe sleep zone” for the weary and received some city financial support. That property, too, is expected to be acquired by the commission and redeveloped. But so far, efforts to move the camp have been unsuccessful. Last month, the frustrated hotel developers sued the camp owners for damages. They argue that the patchwork of shelters violates zoning codes, reduces their property’s value, and will deter guests from coming to the hotel. More Business articles » Portland-Seattle snapshot family income Portland: $60,892 Seattle: $80,349 Median home price Portland: $406,200 Seattle: $609,100 monthly rent Portland: $1,695 Seattle: $2,350 Venture-capital deals in 2016 of over $1 million Portland metro: 50 Seattle-Tacoma: 182 — Census 2015; Zillow, year-end 2016; Oregon Angel Fund and Pitchbook     RG Business Local business news sent to your inbox every Thursday.         Today’s Business stories Business Federal Reserve raises short-term interest rate .25 percent, sees more increases as U.S. economy improves Housing Lane County home sales transforms to ‘super sellers’ market, expert says Business U.S. homebuilders’ optimism surges to 12-year high in March Business Wall Street bonuses average $138,210 Business McDonald’s tests mobile ordering, payments Business Americans spent slightly more at retail stores last month Business Audi German headquarters searched in emissions probe Business EU approves proposed AT&T purchase of Time Warner Business Briefly Nation     Sports Oregon Men's Basketball West hopes to end its Final Four drought at the NCAAs Gonzaga coach Mark Few, born and raised in Creswell, was back in Eugene over the Christmas holiday and stopped in to see a former colleague. The subject turned to basketball, as it often does with … Ducks’ dance card could include old friends for Ennis and Altman Moore to step away from Ducks program immediately Oregon baseball welcomes underdog role entering Pac-12 play More Sports » Arts Music Third Eugene Symphony candidate Lecce-Chong discusses his approach, what drew him to job He will be conducting the symphony on Thursday Following an international search, the Eugene Symphony board of directors and music director search committee announced the three finalists for its next music director and conductor earlier this year. “There’s no more exciting time in … The Beatles meet theater: Northwest Ten Festival returns for its ninth season Strings of life: Delgani String Quartet commissions original scores loosely inspired by composer Bedrich Smetana Join Ensemble of Oregon on a Grecian journey; Shedd academy gets classical More Arts » Discovery Oregon Coast Lighthouse, heavy winds add to Cape Blanco’s awesome allure  The oldest, westernmost lighthouse in Oregon sits on a dramatically exposed perch over the Pacific  One late-summer afternoon, a passing storm’s south wind screams across Cape Blanco. Its breathtaking persistence makes it easy to imagine how, in long-ago days before safety glass, the wind also would take pebbles, even seabirds, … Mount Angel Abbey a picture-perfect restorative retreat Bend museum showcases Oregon’s teeming high desert Fun just ahead, all around the Bend area More Discovery »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360 Market Updates Tweet   White Space Devices (WSD) Market 2017 Analysis by Applications, Types, Competitors and Growth Forecasts to 2021 White Space Devices (WSD) Market analysis of an industry is a crucial thing for various stakeholders like investors, CEOs, traders, suppliers and others.   White Space Devices (WSD) Market (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 12, 2017 ) White Space Devices (WSD) Market research report is a resource, which provides current as well as upcoming technical and financial details of the industry. White Space Devices (WSD) market research report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of this market. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the White Space Devices (WSD) industry policies and news are analysed. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in White Space Devices (WSD) Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10463912 Major Manufacturers analysed in White Space Devices (WSD) Market: Google HP Huawei IBM Intel Nokia Phillips Microsoft Dell BBC Texas Instruments And more. To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of White Space Devices (WSD) market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross consumption and revenue is provided for better understanding. Their contact information is given. Next part of the White Space Devices (WSD) Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs and the actual process. Get Sample PDF @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10463912 Regions of White Space Devices (WSD) Market Covers: North America Europe China Japan Korea Taiwan Further in the report, the White Space Devices (WSD) market is examined for price, cost and gross. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. The White Space Devices (WSD) industry consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Following are major Table of Content of White Space Devices (WSD) Industry: White Space Devices (WSD) Market Competition by Manufacturers White Space Devices (WSD) Production, Revenue (Value) by Region White Space Devices (WSD) Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions White Space Devices (WSD) Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type White Space Devices (WSD) Market Analysis by Application White Space Devices (WSD) Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis White Space Devices (WSD) Manufacturing Cost Analysis Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers After the basic information, the report sheds light on the production. Production plants, their capacities, production and revenue are studied. Also, the White Space Devices (WSD) market growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered. In this White Space Devices (WSD) market analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in the report. No. of Pages: 124 Price of Report: $2900 (Single User Licence) Purchase the Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10463912 About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Information: 360 Market Updates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Sunday, 12 March 2017 | MYT 2:00 PM A world without WiFi looks possible as unlimited plans rise Under siege: Good old WiFi is being beset by a whole new set of technologies, like LTE-U, CBRS and 5G, which threaten to render it obsolete. — AFP Relaxnews The WiFi icon – a dot with radio waves radiating outward – glows on nearly every Internet-connected device, from the iPhone to thermostats to TVs. But it’s starting to fade from the limelight.  With every major US wireless carrier now offering unlimited data plans, consumers don’t need to log on to a WiFi network to avoid costly overage charges anymore. That’s a critical change that threatens to render WiFi obsolete. And with new competitive technologies crowding in, the future looks even dimmer.  “You could see a big switch,” said Tim Farrar, founder of Telecom Media Finance Associates Inc. “Your coffee shops may be less compelled to provide WiFi for you now.”  In an all-data-you-can-eat world, consumers’ use of WiFi at public places like stadiums and airports will drop to a third of all mobile data traffic from about half, Farrar estimates. This means businesses not upgrading public access WiFi as often. Smartphone users might not even turn on their WiFi capability, according to Barry Gilbert, an analyst at researcher Strategy Analytics in Boston.  “At Sprint Corp, where unlimited plans are the norm, customers aren’t waiting until they get to a WiFi hotspot to watch the latest video. They are staying on cellular,” said Craig Moffett, an analyst at MoffettNathanson LLC. “Customers are rational. When pricing incentives favour WiFi, customers use more WiFi. When pricing incentives shift, so does behaviour.”  At home as well. Almost a third of people don’t use a home broadband Internet connection because they have an unlimited data plan on their phones, according to a survey released Thursday by ReportLinker.  The erosion of WiFi’s influence is likely to be slow and uneven. While unlimited data plans make the technology less necessary for phones, many home devices, from a MacBook to an Amazon Echo, still use WiFi to connect to the Internet. WiFi also helps fill in gaps in some office buildings and homes that have spotty cellphone coverage.  Some wireless carriers also still rely on WiFi networks to handle a large portion of the growing volume of Internet traffic. Putting all of that Netflix-binging and Spotify-listening on cellular networks could strain capacity.  “WiFi has consistently stayed ahead in terms of performance and its ability to move large amounts of data,” said Kevin Robinson, vice president of marketing for the WiFi Alliance, a consortium of more than 700 companies, including Apple Inc, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, LG Electronics Inc, Intel Corp, Qualcomm Inc and Comcast Corp. “The market is going to decide which technology provides the best capabilities for the end user. To displace a technology like WiFi is likely very optimistic.”  Unlimited plans aren’t the only threat. WiFi has survived 20 years and spurred a roughly US$20bil (RM89.07bil) industry of gear, service providers and chipmakers – mainly because its technology is open to innovation and it operates freely in the nation’s unlicensed airwaves. WiFi now faces competition from other technologies that also run in those same frequencies.  Crowded airwaves  A new system called LTE in Unlicensed Spectrum – or LTE-U, which depends on a combination of new small-cell towers and home wireless routers – risks congesting the spectrum upon which WiFi relies. In decades past, the nation’s unlicensed airwaves were mostly known for their use by garage door openers, cordless phones, and the occasional baby monitor. Now they’re full of traffic from WiFi networks that connect smartphones, laptops, set-top boxes, game consoles, and a whole host of smart devices to the Internet. As LTE-U moves in, WiFi may get drowned out.  “Places where operators have traditionally looked to WiFi, they’ll leverage LTE-U,” said Kyung Mun, an analyst at researcher Mobile Experts.  Developed by cellular carriers and their vendors, LTE-U may act as a disincentive for companies experimenting with WiFi calling, including Comcast, and those dabbling in fibre networks, like Alphabet Inc’s Google.  But LTE-U also benefits users. Consumers don’t have to type in passwords and sign in to every network like they do for public WiFi hotspots. They can seamlessly move between their carriers’ cellular network and LTE-U, and not really know the difference.  LTE-U – and a related cellular advancement, LTE-LAA – will also require less equipment. A 180,000-square-foot building would need 24 new access points instead of about 80 WiFi hot spots, according to Amit Jain, vice president of marketing and product management at hardware maker SpiderCloud Wireless, which plans to ship LTE-U and LTE-LAA equipment in the second quarter. However, the total cost of deployment will be similar to Wi-Fi, Jain said.  Annual shipments of LTE-U/LTE-LAA-capable access points will increase to about 1.1 million units globally by 2020, up from tens of thousands in 2016, according to Mobile Experts.  “You could see LTE in the house, in the enterprise, and the role of WiFi morphing into something different: a legacy technology,” said independent wireless analyst Chetan Sharma.  Companies like Cisco Systems Inc, the No. 1 manufacturer of WiFi access points, are already considering developing new gear that can accommodate both WiFi and LTE-U technologies.  “It’s too early to say what will win out,” said Mike Iandolo, vice president and general manager at the mobile technology group at Cisco. “LTE has an advantage, but there’ll still be a place for WiFi.” The company’s goal is to ensure its WiFi portfolio evolves to meet the needs of customers, he said.  Citizen action  Another technology that risks making WiFi outmoded is something called CBRS, short for Citizens Broadband Radio Service. The new system lets anyone share a huge swath of spectrum currently being used by the US Navy. In February, Nokia Oyj, Alphabet and Qualcomm tested LTE technology on the airwaves to broadcast a live high-definition video of cars racing on a track in Las Vegas.  More reliable than WiFi, CBRS may ultimately be a better option for factories, airports and ports, according to Michael Peeters, head of innovation portfolio management at Nokia and president of CBRS Alliance, whose membership includes AT&T Inc, Charter Communications Inc and Comcast. The first CBRS devices should be certified for use in mid-2017, he said.  On top of all these threats to WiFi is the coming spread of 5G, which promises to let consumers download a high-definition movie in less than a second. By using CBRS, wireless carriers can deploy 5G faster and easier, using the shared airwaves instead of trying to acquire spectrum licenses at auction or through deals.  In the nearer term, WiFi is already starting to disappear from people’s daily routines.  “Before I would have to go and find a WiFi hot spot, which was very inconvenient for me,” said Michael Kimbrough, an entrepreneur in Birmingham, Alabama, who last month signed up for an unlimited data plan from Verizon Wireless. “Now I don’t have to do that.” — Bloomberg Related Stories You May Be Interested Twitter swastika hack comes at fragile time for company Telegram was the app where Iranians talked politics – then the government caught on Expert: Girl who drove on wrong side of highway may have hyperactivity disorder The 'gay moment' that was cut - when Le Fou shows love bite A soft spot for Peter‘s pork noodles Will your parents be a burden to you? Others Also Read Australia, New Zealand unions welcome rejigged calendar ‘Brokers block-booking hotel rooms to profit from LIMA’ Trump meets Irish PM at White House ahead of St. Patrick's Day advertisement Latest News Off the catwalk, bloggers and editors vie for fashion fans’ attention Can Nokia nudge its way back into the smartphone market? Capcom and Disney team for retro game collection Dubai Airport claims to offer world's fastest, free airport WiFi How to recognise fake apps and app store malware Most Viewed in Tech How to recognise fake apps and app store malware Dubai Airport claims to offer world's fastest, free airport WiFi Can Nokia nudge its way back into the smartphone market? Visa adds contactless payment to sunglasses Capcom and Disney team for retro game collection Maybank’s new mobile app goes live for Android and iOS Panic button device and app launched North Korean hacking group behind recent attacks on banks US tech group urges global action against Chinese 'mercantilism' WhatsApp, Telegram patch flaws in instant messaging applications Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Sunday, 12 March 2017 | MYT 12:00 PM Silicon Valley firms imperilled by proposed import tariffs, ‘border adjustment tax’ Huge headache: Apple's complicated supply chain may put the world's most valuable company in the bull's eye as Trump and congressional Republicans consider sweeping import tariffs or a comprehensive border tax on incoming products, components and raw materials. — Reuters SAN JOSE, California: That shiny new iPhone may say "assembled in China" on the back but its origins are scattered around the world: wafers from Taiwan, modem chips and batteries from South Korea, displays from Japan, components from Europe and raw materials from Africa, Asia, Europe and the US.  Now that complicated supply chain may put Apple – the world's most valuable company – in the bull's eye as President Donald Trump and congressional Republicans consider sweeping import tariffs or a comprehensive border tax on incoming products, components and raw materials.  But while Apple has been singled out by Trump before, the administration's actions would affect a who's who of Silicon Valley's big name tech companies – which could see sales, revenue and access to global talent take a hit from new fees and the trade wars that could follow.  "It's a real mess," said Marcus Noland, senior vice president at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, a Washington, D.C., think tank that supports free trade.  Only two months into the Trump administration, it's difficult to discern how an import tariff or border tax might take shape, but the president has said he wants to punish US companies that make goods overseas to sell back home. Imposing new costs on imports would encourage domestic manufacturing and create jobs, Trump has argued.  While campaigning, Trump mentioned a 45% import tariff on goods from China and 35% on imports from Mexico. More recent reports suggested the Trump transition team was looking at a 10% fee. House Republicans, meanwhile, have proposed a 20% "border adjustment tax" covering all imports from all countries.  The list of firms with the most to lose from an aggressive new tariff or tax regime includes the valley's biggest names: Google, Tesla, Oracle, HP, Cisco, Intel, Seagate, Western Digital, Nvidia, Marvell Semiconductor and more.  Also standing to lose? Consumers who will inevitably have the increased costs from import tariffs or a tax passed on to them, according to experts.  "You and I are going to pay for it," said Georgia Tech professor John Vande Vate, who studies supply chains.  However, others believe imposing higher import costs would deliver significant benefits.  Northwestern University law professor Steven Calabresi said the proposed 20% border adjustment tax would "encourage Americans to buy American products" and "promote good jobs here in the United States" while raising US$1tril (RM4.44tril) over 10 years.  "It will allow us to cut income taxes, which discourage people from working. It is smart to discourage a little bit of the buying of foreign goods if you can then cut income taxes and get people back into the workplace or get them to work harder," he said last week in an op-ed in The Hill.  Still, tariffs or a tax would also hit countries like China that export to the US, potentially leading to trade wars with nations whose markets and raw materials are critical to tech companies.  "If we decide to impose tariffs or high barriers to trade on our trading partners we should expect reciprocal trade barriers, which of course is not good for our industries, it's not good for prices, and the whole thing spirals downward," said Renee Bowen, a Stanford University Graduate School of Business professor who studies international trade.  Generally, when tariffs drive prices up, sales go down, said Rob Atkinson, president of the Information Technology & Innovation Foundation, a tech-focused think tank.  The tech industry has long depended on a complex global network of suppliers, workers and materials. Apple, for example, noted in its most recent quarterly report that its manufacturing is concentrated among a small number of suppliers in Asia.  "Everything that is in our products comes from overseas," Hewlett Packard Enterprise CEO Meg Whitman told CNBC in February. "That supply chain has taken 30 years to set up. So when all those components come in and are taxed, it's not going to be good. This does not create jobs. It actually lowers the number of jobs for many, many companies."  HP makes printers and PCs in China, while Cisco, Seagate and Western Digital manufacture products there and in Thailand, according to analyst Handel Jones of International Business Strategies in Los Gatos, Calif.  Google's new Pixel phones are made by HTC in Taiwan, where Nvidia and Marvell Semiconductor buy chips that power products sold in the US. The Home virtual-assistance device by Google is made in China, and the company relies on Taiwanese firm Quanta to supply the servers that make it a cloud-services titan. Facebook also buys servers from Quanta, according to analysis firm Moor Insights & Strategy. Intel has fabrication and assembly plants in China, and assembly facilities in Malaysia and Vietnam.  It's not just companies making tangible products that are at risk. Even a software-and-services company like Oracle is vulnerable to tariff-related retaliation, because it has invested heavily in providing IT services in China, where its clients include state-owned enterprises. The Chinese government, on top of potentially responding tit for tat to tariffs or taxes, could bar state-owned companies from doing business with US firms, said the Peterson Institute's Noland.  Companies that make some products in the US won't escape, either. They too would be vulnerable to an all encompassing import levy, such as the proposed border adjustment tax, because they use materials or parts from other countries.  While only Congress can levy across-the-board tariffs, a US president has "limited authority" to impose tariffs in response to "special circumstances involving discrimination against US exports or other unfair trade practices," said John Veroneau, a Washington, D.C., lawyer who served as deputy US trade representative under President George W. Bush. Trump has complained that other countries make the US pay high tariffs and taxes on American products shipped overseas.  The president's focus on China and Mexico targets two nations that play critical roles in the supply chains for major US electronics firms, so high import tariffs aimed at those countries would "immediately disturb the supply networks," Noland said.  Retaliatory tariffs would mean American companies could be faced with added costs for shipping high-end, US-made components to China or Mexico for final assembly, before getting hit again when they import the assembled products back into the US, Noland said.  A full-blown trade battle with China could lead to a "supply chain war" in which the Asian nation bans exports to the US of the metallic elements used in electronics manufacturing, which would "hurt US electronics firms," a September report from the Peterson Institute said.  China could potentially ban the sale of specific American tech products, claiming security issues and saying, for example, "You can't sell Apple phones in China, because we're worried about – and then they'd make something up," Georgia Tech's Vande Vate said.  Conflict between the US and China over trade could spread to other areas, potentially affecting American firms' access to Chinese talent, Noland said.  "A trade war that started with products," Noland said, "could spill into things like visas and immigration issues, which would disadvantage the entire high tech sector."  ___ Other threatened companies and their products: Tesla has a long-term contract to buy lithium mined in Mexico for the batteries it makes domestically. Cisco announced last year it was expanding manufacturing in Mexico, where it has operated since 1993. HP has production facilities in Mexico, according to market-intelligence firm BNamericas. Bay Area companies SanDisk and Intel are among semiconductor companies make chips domestically that are sent to Asia to be wired up for installation onto circuit boards that are imported back to the US, according to Georgia Tech professor John Vande Vate. — The Mercury News/Tribune News Service Related Stories You May Be Interested Twitter swastika hack comes at fragile time for company Telegram was the app where Iranians talked politics – then the government caught on Expert: Girl who drove on wrong side of highway may have hyperactivity disorder The 'gay moment' that was cut - when Le Fou shows love bite A soft spot for Peter‘s pork noodles Will your parents be a burden to you? Others Also Read Australia, New Zealand unions welcome rejigged calendar ‘Brokers block-booking hotel rooms to profit from LIMA’ Trump meets Irish PM at White House ahead of St. Patrick's Day advertisement Latest News Off the catwalk, bloggers and editors vie for fashion fans’ attention Can Nokia nudge its way back into the smartphone market? Capcom and Disney team for retro game collection Dubai Airport claims to offer world's fastest, free airport WiFi How to recognise fake apps and app store malware Most Viewed in Tech How to recognise fake apps and app store malware Dubai Airport claims to offer world's fastest, free airport WiFi Can Nokia nudge its way back into the smartphone market? Visa adds contactless payment to sunglasses Capcom and Disney team for retro game collection Maybank’s new mobile app goes live for Android and iOS Panic button device and app launched North Korean hacking group behind recent attacks on banks US tech group urges global action against Chinese 'mercantilism' WhatsApp, Telegram patch flaws in instant messaging applications Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley with Keefe Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C- Rob Bradford joins the show to discuss Tomase's comments, gets angry at Ken Laird 3-16-17 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria OMF - Are the Saints curious as to why the Pats are shopping Butler?3-16-17 Dale & Holley   Hightower is back... do the Patriots get an 'A+' for this off-season? Weekend Shows   Christian Arcand This week in Social Media: Never give out your password unless it is a life or death situation. 03-12-17 Enough About Me   Ep. 55: Kirk has a proposal for Callahan and the Producers Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Mike Petraglia Featured Story If David Price's return hinges on a magical healing elbow, we're in... by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts Eduardo Rodriguez asked to join Team Venezuela in WBC, but... To nobody’s surprise, John Farrell has named Rick Porcello... Latest Columns His fourth cancer treatment behind him, NESN's Jerry Remy looks a... Tim Tebow makes spring training debut against Red Sox, and it was a tr... Bot 1st Bos 0 Pit 1 Latest Audio Bradfo Sho, Ep. 17: The curious case of Carlos Quentin Bradfo Sho, Ep. 17: The curious case of Carlos Quentin Patriots Ryan Hannable It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story When it came to Dont’a Hightower, Chandler Jones, Jamie Collins, Bill Belichick... by Ryan Hannable Latest Blog Posts Kony Ealy didn’t expect to be traded, but is looking... New DL Lawrence Guy: ‘You can’t really pass up an... Latest Columns Even with addition of Rex Burkhead, Patriots have work left to do at r... No patsies on schedule for Patriots, who must contend with elite QBs n... Latest Audio Phil Perry, CSNNE on the Patriots and NFL free agency NFL SUNDAY...the final segment of the year -- 2-5-17 Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Celtics have a major problem -- when teams hit them, they don't know how... by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts Celtics fill Jaylen Brown’s car with popcorn after... Al Horford drops 20 points in win over Timberwolves Latest Columns Markelle Fultz vs. Lonzo Ball: The NBA draft question Danny Ainge... NBA deadline passes, Celtics stand pat, and it's time to get real... Mar 17 Bkn Bos Latest Audio Kirk and Callahan- Will Isaiah Thomas win a title in Boston?... Kirk and Callahan- Celtics lose after Thomas mishandles the... Bruins Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story It's no longer a debate: Bruce Cassidy was the necessary fix for Bruins by Ty Anderson Latest Blog Posts Meet your new NHL goals and points leader: Bruins winger... Bruins winger David Pastrnak hits 30-goal mark in win over... Latest Columns Elite Brad Marchand pushing himself into MVP discussion It's way too early to worry about the Bruins falling apart again @9:00 PM Edm Bos Latest Audio Saturday Skate - Bruins and the All-Star break Saturday Skate - Firing Claude National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Basketball MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB Jose Fernandez Was Piloting Boat at Time of Fatal Crash,... MLB Position Power Rankings: B/R's Top 30 Third Basemen NFL Jared Cook to Reportedly Sign with Oakland Raiders After 1... Jermon Bushrod, Dolphins Agree to New Contract NBA Lakers Put on Historically Bad 3-Point Display Versus... Isaiah Thomas Will Miss Next 2 Games for Celtics with Knee... NHL Maple Leafs Rookie Class Nearing Franchise Goal Record Dennis Wideman Suspension Reduction Upheld by Judge More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Weekend Shows Podcasts Enough About Me Podcast The Real K&C Podcast #DORK Podcast Bradfo Sho Bruins Latest Audio  OMF - Are the Saints curious as to why the Pats are... OMF - OMF is obviously above all those goofy brackets, but... OMF - Pete Abraham is a jock-sniffer who accuses David... OMF - Are people upset that the Pats are playing Hardball... K&C- Rob Bradford joins the show to discuss Tomase's... Popular Audio  K&C- Rachel Maddow’s embarrassing release of Trump’s tax... K&C - The Blizzard is coming to Boston; Kellerman and Ken... Latest Podcast  The Real K&C – A-holes, energy & therapy 3-15-17 #DORK 5: NorthEast Comic Con Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos Brad Stevens says Celtics bounced back from disappointing road trip Mike Petraglia, Josue Pavon explain Celtics blowout win over Bulls » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us Exclusive Bourbon & Bacon Fest T-Shirt Station Events WEEI with Shaw's Sat, 03/18/2017 1pm » More Events Contests Bruins Coaching Clinic Get to your local AT&T Store (inside 95 ring) and find the text codeword to send to 37937 by noon on 3/20 to be entered to win a coaching clinic from the Bruins! Message... Taste of MetroWest Tickets Enter to win tickets to the 7th Annual Taste of MetroWest. Over 40 local restaurants,... » More Contests Boston Red Sox New England Patrio.. NFL New York Jets New Orleans Saints.. Bill Belichick Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>Danny Picard - Cleveland loves Jimmy Tweet Subscribe Download Share Danny Picard - Cleveland loves Jimmy Mar 12, 2017| Danny talks about Cleveland making moves to get JImmy Garrapolo. He says how he thinks it will all get done. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. Third and final hour on it till 6 o'clock in Manny gets Saturday's game. LB talking about his big Bruins one day at the god and Drew Stafford the trade deadline acquisition. Always a conditional sixth round. To 2018. I mean. I got a veteran forward you don't give up any thing roof. I've told that properly she opened Stafford. You know I think is that veteran bottom six forward maybe give some of the Audubon sixfold to kick in a bind but they'll get tomorrow that. On Saturdays gay coming up at 6 o'clock until that I'm taken more you patriots phone calls 617779. 79837. Mike is an oil province it's a Mike. Again yeah I'm migrant net. With all the trading down at bill done this point it's it seems to me like he's anticipating getting bored draft picks short second round. I keep almost like I o's on the way don't worry and aides. Number one candidate that is a garrote all and you know I'm gonna perhaps Butler as well and I'm just think in May be so far what the browns you might be hold outs and number one to try to get Jarrett. And that might be what's going on here you know Michael you give us a first you know for two consecutive years or if you give it to number one right now. Immediate deal with the browns whose team. That is what is or is there. And I believe the browns have more picks than anyone else the next two years right. And they have enough cap space for it they do cut costs while which is reportedly today could happen. Then I mean that you're you're the captain Mike you don't even have to tell me what the patriots have done. And the picks that they don't have in the first and second round this year all you need to do was tell me. What Cleveland's Dylan and Cleveland is doing everything that is the sign of the team that's getting ready to make a big trade for quarterback. Absolutely you know I don't think it's. And and bills you know. He didn't quite eerie noses is coming in and and these moves make it right now two are also win now and in an update way. Where I I think it. See he's fully aware. Building Super Bowl team it's such a difficult and as he or at. Has on hand and he could set the mob for you know two years winning right now might make making good moves so. If you didn't do that. Why keep drop below and it was in particular because. I think that they really liked the saddle us I think day it maybe maybe he'll crop blows more along line member years. But considering the Brady's career and what they can get project and where they aren't too keen anticipating having to operate year to more why not just go percent. Considering that they've definitely put a high priority development. You know make pictures on the roster at the indices and oil. Yeah I mean you're drawn out that they do things and thanks Mike for the call you draw that they do things for maybe a two year window you draw you used the phrase two year went to he has. Why not for. Anyone a full. You know I eight. This thing to patrons can do next dot she's in that mold it you'd think and that opened in this thing up for another two years at that I mean. I don't wanna get into all they. Did chest content with this year and next. I don't see that I see them doing things to give them a great chance next year and a great chance to hear that but I don't know that that's. It's going to next offseason and he repeated. Shell. This idea that they only days Brady only as two years left I don't think that's true they should nickel and readiness for a and some think we've done this offseason might set a shot to make us real serious run this year and next. The week also drew some the next Nazis of the offseason after that. Maybe you quiet somebody put. Martellus Bennett. Didn't break the bank in Green Bay getting. Seven Miller sees it. I was surprised to see that. 321. Mel's seven Alice she's. I was surprised I thought that that would go apparent attack millions isn't a tripod 910 Mel I was surprised 67 million for Bennett. I mean your throat is all in right now all comment out there some people Don that today and net. If that would a case I mean. What do you say hey let's get better at 70 yeah IG alma trying to not join Allen may trick for Dwayne Allen. But they got Donna you know they got a a kid and Dwayne Allen who was three years younger. I also don't want to deny. The fact that. Alan not only is three is on. Each shot a contract not to long ago. And that they re on his block and he says he wants to be the best block it oh yeah. So if Britney is going to be young guy. Any kids get older that some people called in and voice their concern about. Our offense of why pop up blocking up front eyes a tight end blocking tight and actually. Absolutely you consider with some issues with that late in the season the candidates and a door that you know what. Maybe put it irreverent about Dwayne Allen block in as a tight end. And they just set this thing up for Tom Brady I don't know that the Allan moved. Tells me and it just digital for just next year and up here that the air that Allen is on a contract and he's three years on and about it. So I mean I don't look at these moves and think to my and and think to myself hey. This is it next year the last few of liberty I don't think that at all. I think they locking in with Brady for the next three may be fought all of that lets see how it plays out. You know if it what is the way people have tried to tell me it's gonna play out they picked it seems to have success next year. If they have success chipped it does happen it's gotta be because Bernie and if it is because pretty. I gaunt and and make it to another AFC championship what you cut ties a break. I'll be stupid. That would be stupid if Brady comes out next year and you know he's one of the worst quarterbacks in the league it looks like you know forty Israeli hit a mod. And it eat and I can't really do anything else ya then that argue have a conversation this conversation be I don't. How you could jump from what you just saw from a pretty as he's in the back. That extreme. We have forty hits and hits upon ansari. On starred Tom Brady one day is going to be bronze and can't then and he's going to be too old to play this gamut but I don't think he's fallen off the cliff. As Max Alamo like to say right now chart I don't see it I think Tom Brady takes good care of his body. I think this needs to be said for that. And that you know you got 232425. Year old plays in this league who doll. Yes you know they're outdated they look all jacked up but. You know big on that they Chad Ochocinco route eat mcdonalds. Every male and nick. You know just because dip and is younger than Brady. It does it mean that. Because that numbers on paper that there are in better shape than Brady all they're not gonna get infected by an injury as much Brady would. I don't probably better I think wishing you forty got a piece of paper and would pick up the sky is fallen for the guy. I just think he takes two good care of his body fat to be the case and that you saw that last year. 6177797937. Blobs in lol it's about. The LA area has just let's talk quickly about. Something they haven't heard. Lake. It's certainly cattlemen say he's just in the EU's seamless. You know doesn't you don't know who's thrown the ball the genie Collins. You know that the ownership in the coaches have gone in packaging Collins about what. Drop below as like may be east feeding him information he had this guy is the real deal. I might. Name IP. I had to get of the day Bob I don't all the Jamie Collins is insight. On an island team's quarterback even though he was on the same team as Jamie Collins I don't know if that's the reason in Cleveland would be out there. Get ready to give up the king's ransom for for someone in trade. I think Cleveland probably. You know I I think it probably had people in all the places I mean is a reason why. Like there's a reason why. They made. Legal camper. That juries want to made it legal for coupled that's because they knew people doing. And you know if this tamper and the legal time period. This tampering in the illegal time to yourself I mean in Cleveland bet they don't like or apple is what he could be aren't there a pretty good grasp on Barack. Did did some come from any college every other body pressing Iran understand that. I don't know the Cleveland makes it traded doesn't make a trade based. What Jamie Collins says about a quarterback that was once on his deep I don't have. I don't think that. Is will they get all of their Intel unindicted they're about to give up and I say a ball because I believe it's aberrant they're about to give up a boatload of picks. I would never have wanna squash the idea number one I doubt that they didn't the number one overall number one miles Darius was that the best prospects and two as peppers but there's I'd extremely doubt. I'd. I mean I doubted to date on I don't soup. But I will say basically but does make them move. I'm not going to be shocked. But I don't it with yet clear would you be I think it's not a day well. It's easy for us to shape deck as we see number one overall we get all worked up about number one. You're you're she did you seem like a draft junkie I you. And it could mean up before this current. Guess what you'll and the rest of the draft junkies out there usually not overall and he gets all up about these number one picks it's like Christmas every day it. What do you think about it. And ice shaping a basketball and the NBA. Celtic tonight at pebble and overall. They could get Montel faults. They could get one still ball. Don't we put these kids up all of a sudden we see one overall. We put a mop on a pedestal and they can do no wrong and bad you know the second coming it's I'm sorry. I I have a tough time by an end to it as much as maybe a draft junky like you've does I just pitched for shop that. We don't goal which we don't know what type of play is going to be an NFL but also all he's not a quarterback. I she teams that have used the number one pick. That is not a quarterback like Argentina used to and I want to ought to quarterback and we've seen an hour I'm just telling you. If Cleveland is gonna make a deal what the patriots if they think that is below one thing all the not. Pulled that up and they really want the kid they've done all this stuff to make it happen. And they believe he's the guy. It's would be I'd go Rob Lowe is the number one overall Dutch it would be like it would be like Jimmy G and number one overall and I just wish you'd have to look at it. Is if you put a rubble and college football last year. What drop will be the number one over overall pick. Ultimately I think that's how Cleveland plain has gotten ahead may be internally as we speak. Is grapple. Number one overall if he was in college Lester. If if he was just in the draft and we need a quarterback would we be taken grow up in his bid what is point five. We're ready do. And if that's a question yes. Then they have to consider moving the number one overall pick I'm sorry as much you'll fight he'd be in love with it because you're a draft drug and their other guys don't. Quit needs to be real themselves and and you wrote this thing up against the wall and not make him a fantasy pick up fancy tray Cleveland of the patriots of course I don't immediate. Really think number one overall I don't immediately think that of Cleveland you should throw that the trade is should try to keep that and trade number twelve overall. With a couple of the picks sure obviously. A perfect world that you do that. If you are Cleveland and don't look at a new talk rappel ownership he was in college last year and we had about one overall pick would we be taken drop on a one overall. And if it internally they say to themselves. Yes guess what you have to consider a move it if that's the one singled up the pack. You'd be you'd you'd be cheat yourself out of somebody that you'll need desperately as an organization. Cleveland. Is sold. Just not even on anyone's radar in the NFL when it comes the you know we've been a successful organization why. 'cause they don't have a quarterback they could go out and get the best pass rusher in the game against watch if they got any utterance drawn pic after pic after pic but I'm not gonna win. It's got to continue. It's gonna continue and then you can look at and say we just missed the ball. On a kid who has been on the Brady's Wang whose line on the ballot Jack whose land the patriot way and we we we decided to hold on to number one overall. It should. It's it's easy to say you can't give up that pic but as you got a stud common and love you pick the guy that got traded that pick is gonna be not just the start but the franchise strangest times a quarterback in a position you read this time. What are you don't hold not a tech. I. I'm not trying to tell you that mom. Should nail my palm palm saying give the patriots number one overall. I'm. Myself and Cleveland's Rome and in negotiation room right now with the rest of the front office and on guys. We have done all this stuff to get the quarterback. If we get to a point where the patriots. Win big demand and that pick. You know but I had no phone at all it's time iPhone app if they're demanding number one overall yet because they want we just wait a gym is a free agent. Well because dad not at that point. Yaris and one you risk it may be someone else jumping and right because if if if he comes bridge all the sudden. As one. He thought he is as George and I get a lot of it is his choice could you would take a job Cleveland. Yeah yeah it is this some type a deal also be worked out when it comes to contract I get back. But. And who knows I mean SL. IRL but. Both that I mean I guess that question simple. When it comes the just free agency. You know goal or you law. Is it is is I think an option you do not wanna give him. It's not like I'm where I want to control and I think I think Jimmy is gonna try to do not think Cleveland's number one the I. I'm gonna I'm gonna go out on a limb and say that it's. It's given at number one overall I don't think it clean I was not I don't think they were just hang the phone up and that the pitcher to the man I don't. I don't think they should hang a follow up on at 61777979376177797. 9837. More of phone calls at this time I'll. 61777979837. On me until 6 o'clock and then Saturdays gate takes Alba on taking patriots phone calls. Up until that not haven't seen not heard anything crazy. And the last couple volleys from the patriots Staal before I did jump on at 3 o'clock today. The pats signed former ravens defensive lineman Lawrence guy to a four year contract. The deal is worth a total of reportedly twenty million. Sell on the pats have got a lot and if your patriots fan I don't know how you would be upset. With anything that does happen that's fine and I still think. More has to calm we got Iran ital I haven't heard anything on him yet. All quiet on the high dollar fraud Dodgers market for a while ago said the pats are keeping a close side on yeah. Based as they should as they shut. No question. So wait. So wait and drop below but I'm I'm keeping an eye on Cleveland because the reporter earlier today from Mary Kay Cabot was that. The browns. We are out there attempted to trade Brock also violent and their fifth round pick for a third round pick. And if they could get a third round pick odds while and a fifth they were gone they just got to cut offs while. Eight is sixteen now. What does that tell tells you get set themselves up to. Make a move to add a quarterback some ball at least the attempt to get another draft pick ethnic Ari added a draft pick from the trade. Which Houston Oz while. I Cleveland set not to jump to drag and I would think that it has all to do with Jimmy grapple and the patriots but we shall see 617. 77979837. Danny's employment it's up then. They were adopted what's happened I'd. Now that much ID. But the first round pick mean. Roger Goodell come up to the podium that they would number one pick. The New England Patriots throughout the community not rule. Out now up from Atlanta. I haven't gone that. Yea I haven't thought and it now because my theory with it is this if I would say that let's say Cleveland wants to get not to know like. Screw what we want optimal given number one overall and the patriots and what. My dear would be that the pitchers do not make that pick they would like trade down and they would trade down to three overall and get a boatload of picks next. Adult ousted doing what is the biggest part of it doesn't throw a lot. As he's doing now. Pats don't accept the traded to L draft day Syria to announce the trees are just they don't Atlanta. And a yeah it's been a period RO I go there again but it wears a draft Philly. Dressed in Philly. And lash out at Adobe in Atlanta. It was a personal. Or. Optic. I hadn't thought of that actually called they had not not that I was really does have a conversation during the break me in diapers a day we were talking about well. You know if it if that did happen and it was and not a scenario where the patriots somehow did get number one overall from Cleveland. In my head my initial thought would be is no way to pitcher to make that pick I don't care how good the guy did is they will take number three. Overall. They'll trade down to three and get a boatload of second third round is in the future I'd but if my other judges that the pot of I'm good Dell and mountain it. Right the last. He's. And the birds Ricci is. You might get any rain adored it OPEC keep the pick. Allison Texas what's up now. Accordingly. Or present you with two scenarios. With the rubble that they get watched grow up. If he's traded if all the skeptics. They're critical or as pieces for the next couple years. They copy that Josh to apologize for the two year contract. Back separate. And there's really don't port it all except. Consider is if they don't trade dropped below at a ship to life. What's going on here it is. That have been all the moves contradictory to what is that history is. That make them what it was time. Nineteen you know they're going nineteen though with six Super Bowl. And Brady. And Belichick note that this is created last year and acorn might even though with a six. I I love wary ahead that would in nineteen LL. Blog at. I told earlier someone else had this idea you know from the bad men. Take in the field. Somebody gonna beat the pats as good as they could be. I I wouldn't put my money on nineteen now I hope I'm wrong I hope I be wrong we'll look to see it. It's just shelled tough it's so tough to do and it. Let's say you're right let's sales write a tell Elvis and they are told someone earlier in the show the first ballot if Al's right patriots do I don't schedule is a great season. Tom Brady. If Tom Brady has that type season. A competitor that he is as good does this team would be a dynasty still attacked. His blocks away. Yards away from that and editor of front nine and all. General I think what we're getting crazy with nineteen at all I mean. I stand there and beaches. Have been out here nineteen in all. I. I don't see it. I help run helped pick duke on ninety you know. If I'm wrong Al from Texas right and someone else who called it isn't the same thing people tweet me about a joke if there right just what. Called plum pretty is like NDP the regular season MVP of the super ball. Plan that is planned better than he did last did they blocks away. It's who they assume pat deprive play an opening day no. The Atlanta Falcons. I've. I'm like I'm not even. I'm not I'm not the end but the schedule that I get tough schedule. Oh no I've despite his funny yes it is funny but when it comes that the bag and took the call was talking about would Brady and his future. Mean you tell me that they don't nineteen and all next year if you are right the point that I feel young Nagin. Should be gut. Brady isn't hang up after app. Is how I feel. Pick a night you know two big approves a pretty not on any talk anyway. Think what is it. Is it the he has a perfect season. And and is thought or is it pace shows up. You know forty hits a mud. And struggles and he's not but this evil he's done eagle which like I did I don't understand. It's an insane thought because if you're a professional organization. The National Football League especially. You'll do everything you can hold on to this type of special player as long as you can't. Don't go perfect and a lock Whitbread. As a competitor is and you know what. The people who say well it's gotta be different with different Brady the appellate judge gonna do a Belichick got to new. I don't rule out and I said this many times I don't rule out that Brady and zoos Korea with a different team. I just hope they could happen next year the sheriff that they are that are maybe not Peter and a navy when he is 4445. He's still trying to hang on. This doesn't seem like a guy who's still just hang in all this guy whose plan at the top. Of you know his game as much as he's better at stopping. At an elite level. And it. As much as I don't believe even maybe when he is 4445. He could be planned for another team and just try to be hang on somewhere else. For right now all we're Brady has private. I don't think I don't think this is the same. I don't think you handle this the same as everything else because this is such unique situation to have Brady play in this good at this stage. At a point where if you actually listen a ballot check and the way he talks about operating. Rating keeps him on his tells. Attract a senate Brady keeps bella check on his toast no chuckles I. It yet before I feel like every big play Afghan Iran. Whether they're on CBS or fox or is again on NBC they have just one on one should dollar Pallet Jack. And he's he's raven of operating is that you know what. You gotta be on on your toes he keeps me on my dad. I could say well this team doesn't do this. And Brady will come to me with a regular season game from 2011. And say no and we thirteen in the third quarter they did this. And you get like what. Is right. Like Belichick talks about Brady like that and I aged you know she got. And net so I don't think he handles this a little bit differently because I believe as much as Belichick knows he's a great coach. You know they're pretty helps him be a great coach I pick vice Versa Brady repelled. Belichick Brady words sent. Sol. If you actually listen I'll Belichick talks about operating. I don't think he just moved on from Brady is easy as some people like bank and take you read this outrageous perfect season but some people like to have. Next yet. I. Got on I put my money that I take the field as a patriots lose at least one. But let's say I'm wrong and and you are right is a perfect season what unit Brady's is gonna get up and walk away and you had the patriots just move on mammal want to move on from. I don't dead because if they are that good. That means Brady's second. And Brady's good you don't just walk away from that chart you know. On to Connecticut it's at all. I guess that that I would GM for a new England and now Cleveland I have oh win win trade for these tools. I would trade. Grapple oh. For. 21 round pick. Or opt for a second and third round pick. For the next two years that I have a question. How is upload defensive back being paid that forty million usually given election. In a year or isn't given forty million dollar one. I paid I wanna say I served pretty big knob and it's going to be paid out than a big chunk of that forty mill is going to be paid out in the first two seasons. Was it was it won eight of the forty in the first the it was a big chunk. And the first two. But. Delaware would be guaranteed. Is. Sick with Gilmore. Now you do what do you do you again on the you do have to bring Butler into it but I'd see I'd bring Butler and that conversation differently now that people bring it. All the people look at a goal that means but was gone. I look at it gullible that means they believe they can get pulled Gilmore and thought well on the it team. Had a pretty good rate in 2070. If pot is going to be there on the three point 91 mill and it you know. Gilmore is going to be there we'll talk about average annual. Of what that their team. Then there's. Not a bad deal. Not a bad deal. It's at 89 male. Where a guy I I just. Amazed. I'd look at Gilmour shot him. And I think to myself. This is the move debt is a just in case we do lose Butler not a willows and well let's bring in a replacement this is they just in case. You know we moves on to an offer sheet. If we lose some in now next year if we franchise I'm. And he goes and and we cannot get a couple first round his arm. Standing near that if that happens then we'll have we know we have to noble locked up. A five year contract and we don't feel laws on the 26 got to turn twenty seven's. The contract. He's locked up for five years is back loaded. And I got you'll head out and have a forty million to the fourth year. This Britain is Garin forty mil guaranteed right yes. Yeah see. I just think. He's a pro bull cola. Five and a set of budget talk fighting NFL. 26 point seven is all. I think if you can get Malcolm potluck at the discount rate of three point nine on which it looks like I I still think that's going to be the case. That's that's pretty good deal through guys and seventeenth young cornerbacks are pretty good deal. I'd that's how I look at him I look out of his tag him and some people say Gilmore means bot was out I look at it as a package deal they have got about a balls they have money control. That I'm not saying that that's fit in a kid it's not. You know and I know. But it's a rule. And the patriots got to try to take advantage of every role is if they're dedicated Knoll. But if that's the way plays all out and you have Gilmore on that contract and Butler only three point I'm on now. Utter I get that in that. I really don't. And considering I tell back on top of it as he doesn't he can't get the big contract that he wants help him. I mean one thing I'm not gonna do today is complain about the patriots offseason I think that is the last thing up. I should do and I think that's the last thing you should do so far the patriots a win in the offseason and I thank you it's fair to say you could. You could proclaim them off season champions already after only two days has it taken Eagles under normally wins losses yeah. At least this one could result and another championship six point 777979837. More calls at this time I'll. I wrapping up the show me until six. And the boys from Saturday's game it will take all the I'll talk about the Bruins went at home against the flyers Drew Stafford. With the game went out five point nine seconds left in regulation he was on the right half wall that a little bit Iran and got to try on Matt. Rosie and Bruins when they beat the flyers to Dejuan. At home against Saturday's game begins at 6 o'clock so keep the phone calls coming in 617. 7797983761777979837. I am taken to patriots calls. For the next couple minutes let's go to ten and lol attempt him. And it can happen on any. What is agent situation. For Brett I am local police sting any. You know they'll bet that you canceled the one that brought you. And and I I would like to see the patriots. Social. Loyalty to guys get approval for its. And it particularly well I haven't minded the I want ital back to your note about the situation to track you need a restricted free agent but I'll be very disappointed that it'll bring back right cholera that money to expand on not on Gilmore. Okay and the second on the point I want to make witchy Dini is we got the draft. I watch a little bit of traffic com mine and that it would like to complicate it when the Columbine was opposite order a lot deputy shot. And my feeling is that that may need to Belichick is stating I read it straight at it for a second and they're well technically it strapped. It isn't that they get policy but it is wrapped that it is worth holding people in the tropics flock. That's Amman. Well I I get that but at the same time you know if they did get their hands on a first and a second. You know they could probably take those picks and trade them for future draft picks. Granted that it that it kind of which you want to drop all the situation to be any I mean it just me. I mean like the play poker and I don't know that anybody football and a poke player but don't go check. But I think it accomplished UK game you can all of our own you can squander gospel. Valuable asset pitch Eric the sign. You know obviously a quick look at the future report so policy pretty dark were actually. It's worth and all content grapple review and also a strategic Egypt but when Dexia. Tactic to read it that the bill is so well for the best flop. Possible package. And it in the long run I think between will be a lot going back but I'm telling you I guess we got it bill we trust you'll liable for the best you. Out and you know what sex of the called Tim and Grady we trust still I think you could also throw that out there. As good did you might think or Rob Lowe could be. Is never gonna be Tom Brady OK I mean it's not interviewed Vicki is. The most spoiled sports fan. I have ever heard in my life it's just need to did you can't even ask or expect that to be the case. You can't torrid. So I mean I just feel like it's never got to get madness it's not. I'm British what you have. I say that no and I think we're talking about this it's never gonna get better than this. Is he raising defending Super Bowl MVP. In the regular season MVP conversation. Maybe argue the reason he didn't win it was because he was suspended the first morning. If we pick the patriots are gonna go well. And have this great season based on all the things that they've done this off season and Brady is the guy that leads them to the promised land once again. Main. Wouldn't have a tough time walking away from that and Hamdan. The keys to the cod to a guide you think is gonna be pretty good but I could guarantee you will not be all have a will be as good as somber. Start I just have a tough time pick up the data Belichick's philosophy. Especially seeing an all things data plan out and the dots that I've connected that I tried to help you connect the last. Week I have. The last week up. And yes. This show after report has forced a lot of people to scratch their heads and all it. In not true. Triple digit eggs that they gonna. Do it would think that would gonna. Rock Iowa. If they don't get a third round pick odds while pick like why. Pictured referred to protect what it exist to make a trip. We heard about Cleveland and the patriot make this trade at all. Now it looks like it's also. Just wait for the break includes. Because out of chapter reported its. Should we believe that it's not gonna happen I mean that's what I don't often take a step back and look at common sense. And think that some things maybe are a little insulting to our Dell is. It could be insulting to our intelligence. All they want it to be but here's the big. I connect the dots I still see that I shot the pride didn't get that from the patriots but what I see that the saints actually trade Brandon cooks. To the pats put a number 32 overall pick. A deal that the saints rejected this time last week. Well. My theory is that the patriots then told Jeff that Ed cannot trade. Drop below because. They didn't want the saints to continue to ask. For what the same stock the patriots were gonna get a girl apple which is the number twelve overall pick from Cleveland. Example we let the saints and all that went on make this move. They can't just to tell you to report that cannot trying to grapple. Acropolis traded. Not gonna look it's shaft his reputation is not going to be row and he gets one Ron had a 250. What they do. Check this pride going to be I wanna reported if Grupo does get traded. And it brings me back my like my theory. That the patriots told Jeff that they weren't trading grapple because they wanted to get coached and on the 32 overall sit and they when they get the trade. A Cleveland they. Have that they can not saying they admit that I would know twelve overall pick it probably trade out. But you'd get more value for the number twelve overall pick Daniel would dirty joke what are. You would. I think that's how the patriots planet and if they don't trigger up all that net. I'll be shocked because then I'll be (%expletive) no wonder what the plan as I got to franchised or upload yet this season. Because that's the only way you could trade him next year by put the franchise tag on. And if you put the franchise tag on grapple. If usual amount of around what you got passed up an hour franchise and out about it sounds like they wanna play the game upon. Which is it's not fair to the kid but it's the rules that we're gonna do. I don't tenable said that there is an age thing in the draft but cornerback is super deep in this draft so if there is it deep stave off as a super deal is this I'm just Samper got no idea Malcolm Butler. Is gone the Nate can still draft again and have a cheap guy. Yeah I would hold on a knock Obama I'm not over Butler. You know on on what angle on what nimble played again you are. If you it's gonna give you the money that you want. First round pick them several match. But that's not gonna happen I don't think it's a first round pick and Albers had Abbie he's gonna hold out good. The picture it'll just look and say hey you know what it's three point I want to tell you we just got stamp on you'll. Though. That he wants but holed out an op play it has any effect in his next contract. It's not kid but that's what is you hold on the public. Until somebody else gives him the offer that he wants and then if that's the patient you can always magic if you really wanted to keep him around I would not. Move but I want it. I would move Rob Lowe and I think that's an extent I Tolle I'd like to see him back but. But I don't know what he's gotten LP it's just too quiet and high tell affront to me this literature is going to be back I don't know what else to be offered I really don't. So I can't compare any deals and what the patriots could give them I don't know what he's being offered it's been way too quiet I have no idea what I caliber what I do know is. Jimmy grapple always not hacked. I'm sorry he was I think this going on Iowa Cleveland. You would go to Cleveland stormed this set the table for a trade and the patriots what they leaked the shaft that they would set the table for a brand could straight. Which they only got to give up 32 overall and they didn't have to give up one of the. The first round picks they got from Cleveland. And this saint folded first and then next step. Is to trader Rob Lowe and on the twelve all world. It's gonna happen it doesn't I'll be shocked. Dave nice job on the glass. Saturday's game is coming up next. They'll talk about is Bruins went all the flies and they'll take your phone calls keep coming in 617. 779798370. Dad don't forget to get my podcast. The data to conch shell on iTunes go go play and I dated the cod dot com all out Syria. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + Ryan Hannable03/15/17 10:18 pm EST When it came to Dont’a [..] - Ryan Hannable03/15/17 10:18 pm EST When it came to Dont’a Hightower, Chandler Jones, Jamie Collins, Bill [..] Everyone in the football world had this offseason circled for the Patriots as they were [..] + Ryan Hannable03/14/17 11:18 pm EST Even with addition of Rex [..] - Ryan Hannable03/14/17 11:18 pm EST Even with addition of Rex Burkhead, Patriots have work left to do at running [..] The Patriots remained active in free agency on Tuesday by adding former Bengals running [..] + Ty Anderson03/14/17 10:39 pm EST It's no longer a debate: Bruce [..] - Ty Anderson03/14/17 10:39 pm EST It's no longer a debate: Bruce Cassidy was the necessary fix for Bruins Let me finally say it: I was wrong. So very, incredibly wrong. As a multi-year Claude [..] + John Tomase03/14/17 01:48 pm EST No patsies on schedule for [..] - John Tomase03/14/17 01:48 pm EST No patsies on schedule for Patriots, who must contend with elite QBs next [..] Taking nothing away from the Patriots' miraculous Super Bowl comeback, we should [..] + Ryan Hannable03/13/17 11:18 pm EST Patriots' brazen free agent [..] - Ryan Hannable03/13/17 11:18 pm EST Patriots' brazen free agent approach on full display with Malcolm Butler, [..] The Patriots aren't like any other team in the league when it comes to how they approach [..] + John Tomase03/13/17 12:15 pm EST If David Price's return hinges on [..] - John Tomase03/13/17 12:15 pm EST If David Price's return hinges on a magical healing elbow, we're in trouble I want to believe David Price is fine. I do. But when that requires accepting the [..] + The Mashup03/16/17 04:23 pm EST Max Kellerman’s 3 stupidest [..] - The Mashup03/16/17 04:23 pm EST Max Kellerman’s 3 stupidest Patriots hot takes It feels dirty to write about Max Kellerman. The &#8220;First [..] + It Is What It Is03/16/17 03:02 pm EST Kony Ealy didn’t expect to [..] - It Is What It Is03/16/17 03:02 pm EST Kony Ealy didn’t expect to be traded, but is looking forward to time with Patriots With a number of defensive ends in Carolina, the Panthers felt they could not [..] + It Is What It Is03/16/17 02:36 pm EST New DL Lawrence Guy: ‘You [..] - It Is What It Is03/16/17 02:36 pm EST New DL Lawrence Guy: ‘You can’t really pass up an opportunity to play for the Patriots’ Being a 26-year-old free agent, defensive lineman Lawrence Guy had a few [..] + It Is What It Is03/16/17 01:23 pm EST Bill Belichick attends Vanderbilt [..] - It Is What It Is03/16/17 01:23 pm EST Bill Belichick attends Vanderbilt pro day A day after agreeing to re-sign Dont'a Hightower, Bill Belichick is back on the [..] + It Is What It Is03/16/17 01:01 pm EST Patriots far and away Super Bowl [..] - It Is What It Is03/16/17 01:01 pm EST Patriots far and away Super Bowl 52 favorites A week after free agency started, Bovada has put out its Super Bowl 52 odds and [..] + The Mashup03/16/17 12:40 pm EST Aaron Hernandez told a prison pen [..] - The Mashup03/16/17 12:40 pm EST Aaron Hernandez told a prison pen pal he’s ‘very angry all the time’ The prosecution may have gotten a big break in the Aaron Hernandez double [..] + Red Sox03/13/17 12:15 pm EST If David Price's return hinges on [..] - Red Sox03/13/17 12:15 pm EST If David Price's return hinges on a magical healing elbow, we're in trouble I want to believe David Price is fine. I do. But when that requires accepting the existence of [..] + Red Sox 03/09/17 09:24 pm EST His fourth cancer treatment behind [..] - Red Sox 03/09/17 09:24 pm EST His fourth cancer treatment behind him, NESN's Jerry Remy looks ahead FORT MYERS, Fla. -- Most of life gets easier with repetition. SATs jump from junior year to [..] + Patriots03/15/17 10:18 pm EST When it came to Dont’a [..] - Patriots03/15/17 10:18 pm EST When it came to Dont’a Hightower, Chandler Jones, Jamie Collins, Bill Belichick couldn’t have played it better Everyone in the football world had this offseason circled for the Patriots as they were going [..] + Patriots 03/14/17 11:18 pm EST Even with addition of Rex [..] - Patriots 03/14/17 11:18 pm EST Even with addition of Rex Burkhead, Patriots have work left to do at running back The Patriots remained active in free agency on Tuesday by adding former Bengals running back [..] + Bruins03/14/17 10:39 pm EST It's no longer a debate: Bruce [..] - Bruins03/14/17 10:39 pm EST It's no longer a debate: Bruce Cassidy was the necessary fix for Bruins Let me finally say it: I was wrong. So very, incredibly wrong. As a multi-year Claude Julien [..] + Celtics02/28/17 12:58 am EST Celtics have a major problem -- [..] - Celtics02/28/17 12:58 am EST Celtics have a major problem -- when teams hit them, they don't know how to hit back Ready for some tough love, Celtics fans? Your C's are stumbling toward another early playoff [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests Compete in the WEEI Bracket Challenge for a chance to win $500, an autographed Celtics basketball and Wise Snacks for a year. Click here to register and make your picks! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File | Public Inspection File - Help   Copyright © 2017 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation World Elections Photos Business A World without Wi-Fi looks possible as unlimited plans rise UPDATED: SATURDAY, MARCH 11, 2017, 4:01 P.M. By Olga Kharif Bloomberg Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Ethan Merchant, 20, of Students 4 Seniors, uses his cell phone to search for an answer to Richard Paul's cell phone Wi-Fi issue during a Senior Empowerment Fair, Sept. 14, 2016, the Clare View Seniors Community Room in Spokane, Wash. (Dan Pelle / The Spokesman-Review) The Wi-Fi icon – a dot with radio waves radiating outward– glows on nearly every internet-connected device, from the iPhone to thermostats to TVs. But it’s starting to fade from the limelight. With every major U.S. wireless carrier now offering unlimited data plans, consumers don’t need to log on to a Wi-Fi network to avoid costly overage charges anymore. That’s a critical change that threatens to render Wi-Fi obsolete. And with new competitive technologies crowding in, the future looks even dimmer. “You could see a big switch,” said Tim Farrar, founder of Telecom Media Finance Associates Inc. “Your coffee shops may be less compelled to provide Wi-Fi for you now.” In an all-data-you-can-eat world, consumers’ use of Wi-Fi at public places like stadiums and airports will drop to a third of all mobile data traffic from about half, Farrar estimates. This means businesses not upgrading public access Wi-Fi as often. Smartphone users might not even turn on their Wi-Fi capability, according to Barry Gilbert, an analyst at researcher Strategy Analytics in Boston. “At Sprint Corp., where unlimited plans are the norm, customers aren’t waiting until they get to a Wi-Fi hot spot to watch the latest video. They are staying on cellular,” said Craig Moffett, an analyst at MoffettNathanson. “Customers are rational. When pricing incentives favor Wi-Fi, customers use more Wi-Fi. When pricing incentives shift, so does behavior.” At home as well. Almost a third of people don’t use a home broadband internet connection because they have an unlimited data plan on their phones, according to a survey released Thursday by ReportLinker. The erosion of Wi-Fi’s influence is likely to be slow and uneven. While unlimited data plans make the technology less necessary for phones, many home devices, from a MacBook to an Amazon Echo, still use Wi-Fi to connect to the internet. Wi-Fi also helps fill in gaps in some office buildings and homes that have spotty cellphone coverage. Some wireless carriers also still rely on Wi-Fi networks to handle a large portion of the growing volume of internet traffic. Putting all of that Netflix-binging and Spotify-listening on cellular networks could strain capacity. “Wi-Fi has consistently stayed ahead in terms of performance and its ability to move large amounts of data,” said Kevin Robinson, vice president of marketing for the Wi-Fi Alliance, a consortium of more than 700 companies, including Apple, Samsung Electronics, LG Electronics, Intel Corp., Qualcomm and Comcast. “The market is going to decide which technology provides the best capabilities for the end user. To displace a technology like Wi-Fi is likely very optimistic.” Unlimited plans aren’t the only threat. Wi-Fi has survived 20 years and spurred a roughly $20 billion industry of gear, service providers and chipmakers – mainly because its technology is open to innovation and it operates freely in the nation’s unlicensed airwaves. Wi-Fi now faces competition from other technologies that also run in those same frequencies. A new system called LTE in Unlicensed Spectrum – or LTE-U, which depends on a combination of new small-cell towers and home wireless routers – risks congesting the spectrum upon which Wi-Fi relies. In decades past, the nation’s unlicensed airwaves were mostly known for their use by garage door openers, cordless phones, and the occasional baby monitor. Now they’re full of traffic from Wi-Fi networks that connect smartphones, laptops, set-top boxes, game consoles, and a whole host of smart devices to the internet. As LTE-U moves in, Wi-Fi may get drowned out. “Places where operators have traditionally looked to Wi-Fi, they’ll leverage LTE-U,” said Kyung Mun, an analyst at researcher Mobile Experts. Developed by cellular carriers and their vendors, LTE-U may act as a disincentive for companies experimenting with Wi-Fi calling, including Comcast, and those dabbling in fiber networks, like Alphabet Inc.’s Google. But LTE-U also benefits users. Consumers don’t have to type in passwords and sign in to every network like they do for public Wi-Fi hot spots. They can seamlessly move between their carriers’ cellular network and LTE-U, and not really know the difference. LTE-U – and a related cellular advancement, LTE-LAA – will also require less equipment. A 180,000-square-foot building would need 24 new access points instead of about 80 Wi-Fi hot spots, according to Amit Jain, vice president of marketing and product management at hardware maker SpiderCloud Wireless, which plans to ship LTE-U and LTE-LAA equipment in the second quarter. However, the total cost of deployment will be similar to Wi-Fi, Jain said. Annual shipments of LTE-U/LTE-LAA-capable access points will increase to about 1.1 million units globally by 2020, up from tens of thousands in 2016, according to Mobile Experts. “You could see LTE in the house, in the enterprise, and the role of Wi-Fi morphing into something different: a legacy technology,” said independent wireless analyst Chetan Sharma. Companies like Cisco Systems Inc., the No. 1 manufacturer of Wi-Fi access points, are already considering developing new gear that can accommodate both Wi-Fi and LTE-U technologies. “It’s too early to say what will win out,” said Mike Iandolo, vice president and general manager at the mobile technology group at Cisco. “LTE has an advantage, but there’ll still be a place for Wi-Fi.” The company’s goal is to ensure its Wi-Fi portfolio evolves to meet the needs of customers, he said. Another technology that risks making Wi-Fi outmoded is something called CBRS, short for Citizens Broadband Radio Service. The new system lets anyone share a huge swath of spectrum currently being used by the U.S. Navy. In February, Nokia Oyj, Alphabet and Qualcomm tested LTE technology on the airwaves to broadcast a live high-definition video of cars racing on a track in Las Vegas. More reliable than Wi-Fi, CBRS may ultimately be a better option for factories, airports and ports, according to Michael Peeters, head of innovation portfolio management at Nokia and president of CBRS Alliance, whose membership includes AT&T Inc., Charter Communications Inc. and Comcast. The first CBRS devices should be certified for use in mid-2017, he said. On top of all these threats to Wi-Fi is the coming spread of 5G, which promises to let consumers download a high-definition movie in less than a second. By using CBRS, wireless carriers can deploy 5G faster and easier, using the shared airwaves instead of trying to acquire spectrum licenses at auction or through deals. In the nearer term, Wi-Fi is already starting to disappear from people’s daily routines. “Before I would have to go and find a Wi-Fi hot spot, which was very inconvenient for me,” said Michael Kimbrough, an entrepreneur in Birmingham, Alabama, who last month signed up for an unlimited data plan from Verizon Wireless. “Now I don’t have to do that.” Updated: March 11, 2017, 4:01 p.m.  Tags: business, communication, internet, Netflix, smartphones, Technology, wi-fi Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-03-12 Tyra Banks Named New Host For ‘America’s Got Talent’ Entertainment 2017-03-12 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Live Concert Experience Review: Top 5 Things You Need To Know [Opinion] Entertainment 2017-03-12 Game Of Thrones: George R. R. Martin On Winds Of Winter, Killing Characters Entertainment 2017-03-12 Dancing With The Stars 2017: Simone Biles Favored To Win Mirrorball Trophy News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Celebrity News 2017-03-12 ‘Dance Moms’ Abby Lee Miller Disses Maddie Ziegler On Instagram – Fans Retaliate News 2017-03-12 California To OK Self-Driving Cars Without Human Controllers Aboard News 2017-03-12 New Michael Brown Video Provides More Details About Ferguson Shooting News, Space 2017-03-12 Are Aliens Sailing In Deep Space On Radio Bursts From Planet-Sized Transmitter? Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-03-12 WWE Rumors: ‘WrestleMania 33’ Could Have Six New Champions When PPV Ends Basketball 2017-03-12 2017 NCAA Tournament: Double-Digit Seeds That Could Bust Brackets [Opinion] Baseball 2017-03-12 St. Louis Cardinals Making Adjustments Ahead Of 2017 [Opinion] Baseball 2017-03-12 Ian Desmond Injury Update: Colorado Rockies Lose Desmond To Hand Injury [Video] Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-03-12 Portland Airport Provides A Great Reason To Miss Your Flight: Movies Lifestyle 2017-03-11 The Muppets Make Seattle Their First Stop On New World Museum Tour Lifestyle 2017-03-09 Purim 2017: The Celebration And The Food Lifestyle 2017-03-07 10 Cereal Hacks To Make Your Morning Even Better Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-03-12 Candida Auris Superbug: Who’s At Risk, Where It’s Spread, Can It Be Stopped? Health 2017-03-12 New Doctors Will Now Be Allowed To Work 28 Hours In A Row – How Safe Is It? Health 2017-03-12 Scorpion Venom May Be The Newest Cancer Treatment Health 2017-03-12 Aconite In Herbal Tea Sends Two To ER In San Francisco Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-03-12 ‘Final Fantasy XII: The Zodiac Age’ Collector’s Edition Announced Technology 2017-03-12 Apple’s AirPods For iPhone 7 Are Still Difficult, But Possible, To Find Technology 2017-03-12 Playable Ads: Try Windows 10 Apps Without Installing, Via Microsoft Preview Technology 2017-03-12 MacBook Air 2017 Release Date: Refresh Coming This Year? April Launch Hinted BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-03-12 Barack And Michelle Obama Set Internet On Fire In ‘Power Lunch’ Duds [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-03-12 Powerball Results 3/11/17: No Grand Prize Wins, Jackpot Swells To $123 Million BuzzWorthy 2017-03-12 Animal Adventure Park Live Giraffe Cam: Wax Caps, Udder Changes Present [Video] BuzzWorthy 2017-03-12 Danielle Bregoli Net Worth: ‘Cash Me Outside’ Girl Will Soon Be A Millionaire SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss MacBook Air 2017 Release Date: Refresh Coming This Year? April Launch Hinted Technology 0 0 0 March 12, 2017 MacBook Air 2017 Release Date: Refresh Coming This Year? April Launch Hinted Louise Elliot The MacBook Air 2017’s release date is still widely debated whether it is coming at all, but fans are still hopeful that a refresh to the sleek yet outdated Apple laptop will finally arrive this year. The most recent rumor is that the Cupertino-based company may be thinking of launching an update in April. MacBook Air 2017 announcement may come in April Hopes for a MacBook Air 2017 has diminished following a disappointing year for the laptop. Even so, the recent sale of the 2016 version on Best Buy might hint to the upcoming arrival of an upgraded variant, MacWorld reports. [Image by Dan Taylor-Watt/Flickr/CC BY 2.0] The retailer dropped the price of the latest MacBook Air during the last week of February. Until now, the 13.3-inch laptop is still listed on the website with a price tag of $899.99, which is $100 less than the original price. This sparked rumors that Best Buy is lowering its prices in anticipation of a new Air. The timing is also suspicious as an Apple event is said to be happening soon. In a report by Apple World Today, an event might be held at the 1,000-seat Steve Jobs Theater in the new Apple Campus that will open in April. The publication suspects that the tech giant will make announcements regarding the new iPad lineup on Tuesday, April 4. Several reports have picked up this speculation. Aside from the new iPads, Apple might also be thinking of revealing other devices at that date. It’s worth noting that the 2016 12-inch MacBook and the disappointing refresh to the MacBook Air were announced in March last year, so fans are also likely to expect an update regarding the said gadgets around that time. As April is a big month for the smartphone maker, fans can likewise expect big things to come for them. Discontinuation rumors are still abundant on the internet However, there are persisting rumors that the MacBook Air will not be refreshed anymore. Speculations suggest that Apple will still keep the lightweight laptop in its lineup but will axe it once it becomes costlier to keep. And according to rumors, that time is coming soon. #eBay #laptop #macbook 2017 Rose Gold Apple Macbook: $941.00 (29 Bids) End Date: Tuesday… https://t.co/abDTY3dLWk #ebay #sale #Sale pic.twitter.com/i3uEEHRB5r — AmazonBay4u (@AmazonBay4u) February 28, 2017 As the Inquisitr previously reported, Apple is running out of reasons to keep producing the MacBook Air. Regarding weight and portability, the iPad Pro or the 12-inch MacBook easily defeats the Air. That’s not to mention that the smaller MacBook has different color options, such as the favorite Rose Gold, and has Retina display, a feature that has been rumored to arrive in the Air since it was first introduced in 2012. MacBook Air 2017 rumored specs Even though Apple might not spend too much attention on the MacBook Air 2017 anymore, industry observers still expect the Cupertino-based company to release updates. As USB Type-C is quickly becoming the norm, it is also predicted to arrive in the laptop this year. As for the speculated specs, fans are hoping to see an Intel Kaby Lake chip with upgraded RAM. Other features that might finally make the MacBook Air a competitor in the computing industry includes an E-ink keyboard, trackpad support for the Apple Pencil, and Retina display. [Image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] The E-ink technology will allow the MacBook Air keyboard to be fully customizable regarding languages and shortcuts. The trackpad feature was seen in a patent that indicates the Apple Pencil, which only works on touch surfaces, being able to work on the trackpad. Lastly, the Retina display that is a standard for MacBooks will finally enable the Air to join the ranks of its cousins. But, these are all far-fetched ideas considering that Apple merely bumped up the minimum RAM last year. Nonetheless, the Cupertino company might still be planning big things for the MacBook Air 2017. Fans are advised to wait for news in April. [Featured Image by Brian Kersey/Getty Images] Now Watch This: SpaceX Plans To Fly Tourists Around The Moon Now Read This: SpaceX Rocket To Be Reused By The End Of This Month Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Louise Elliot Tags: Apple, macbook, macbook air March 12, 2017 Tyra Banks Named New Host For ‘America’s Got Talent’ March 12, 2017 John Lithgow, Nicole Richie, And Andrea Martin Star In Two New Comedies For NBC View full timeline 8 hours ago MacBook Air 2017 Release Date: Refresh Coming This Year? April Launch Hinted 23 hours ago iPhone 8/iPhone Edition: 8 Features That Could Justify Its $1,000-Plus Price Comments LATEST HEADLINES NCAA Tournament: Villanova And 5 Reasons They Can Repeat As Champions [Opinion] Watch Chelsea Vs. Manchester United Live Stream: Huge FA Cup Quarterfinal Match McCain on Trump-Russia Connections: ‘There’s a lot more shoes to drop’ WWE Rumors: ‘WrestleMania 33’ Could Have Six New Champions When PPV Ends ‘Game Of Thrones’ Season Premiere: Last Season To Only Have 6 Episodes? 5H’s Lauren Jauregui, Ally Brooke Next To Start Their Solo Music Career Tyra Banks Named New Host For ‘America’s Got Talent’ ‘The Bachelor’ Spoilers: Live ‘After The Final Rose’ Brings ‘Historic’ Moment SpaceX Rocket To Be Reused By The End Of This Month 2017 NCAA Tournament: Double-Digit Seeds That Could Bust Brackets [Opinion] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘This Is Us’ Finale To Feature ‘Painful’ Scene Never Before Seen On Television 26.6k 0 0 John F. Kennedy And Bernie Sanders Both Called For Abolishing The CIA 18.2k 0 0 Pharaoh Ramses II Statue From 13th Century BC Discovered In Mud In Egypt 9.3k 0 0 Philippines Fans Sign Petition To Meet Song Joong-Ki, Will Song Hye-Kyo Join? 6.7k 0 0 How Jay Z And Beyonce Met, Her Body Image, And Celebrity Life Struggles 31 0 0 ‘Kindred Spirits’ Will Be Returning For A Chilling New Season On TLC 2.5k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Computer  |  News  | HP unveils industry’s first-ever mini workstation HP unveils industry’s first-ever mini workstation HP Z2 Mini delivers server-grade power in a 2.3 by 8.5-inch package. By: Gizbot Bureau Updated: Monday, January 16, 2017, 16:38 [IST] HP Inc. today introduced the world's first mini workstation in India designed for users in Computer Aided Design (CAD) and other compute-intensive industries. The stylish, new P HZ2 Mini Workstation is expected to deliver breakthrough power and versatility and at only 2.3-inches high, the new workstation is 90 percent smaller than a traditional business-class tower. With this new offering, HP is positioned to extend its workstation leadership by delivering a new category of workstations that offers superb performance, elegance, and efficiency. Building off the success of the HP Z240 SFF, the HP Z2 Mini Workstation is supposedly twice as powerful as any commercial mini PC on the market today and is deemed to have the ability to support six displays right out of the box. The HP Z2 Mini has been designed for the millions of CAD users demanding smaller hardware without compromising acoustics and performance and mission-critical reliability. SEE ALSO: Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) will come with Android Nougat "Today designers want sleek, innovative and powerful workstations that enable new experiences. Designed for the workspace of the future, HP Z2 Mini Workstation is remarkably versatile and it showcases next level power by offering twice the power of a business-class mini PC, a key for designers. It is the result of HP engineers and designers reinventing the concept of a workstation by rethinking its shape, size and look while adding functionality to enable new use case." said Ketan Patel, Senior Director - Personal Systems Business, HP Inc. India. "When designing some of the most technically complex architectural forms the need for cutting-edge technology is essential," said Daniel Libeskind, a world-renowned architect and founder of Studio Libeskind. "The speed in which we create, and the complexity of projects have become more intense over the years, but computers like HP Workstations are helping quickly bring the visions of my designers to life." Shorter than a cup of espresso, the new HP Z2 Mini Workstation is capable of designing anything from state-of-the-art electronics to home and office buildings. The workstation, will run Windows 10 Pro or Linux and comes equipped with next generation Intel® Xeon® processors, NVIDIA® professional graphics and there's an availability of HP Z Turbo Drive for handling large files remarkably fast. SEE ALSO: Andy Rubin's smartphone with Snapdragon 835 SoC appears on benchmark listing "The HP Z2 Mini, the world's first mini workstation, delivers breakthrough power and versatility in a small, iconic design," said Jeff Wood, vice president and general manager, Workstations and Thin Clients, HP Inc. "HP redefined the workstation in 2009 with the introduction of the HP Z series, and now once again is disrupting the category with the new HP Z2 Mini Workstation - the ultimate combination of space efficiency and power for our customers and partners." The HP Z2 Mini has been designed considering how workplaces have become more space constrained and that there's a greater business need for the smaller workstations. HP's new ultra-compact and aesthetically pleasing workstation will provide users with numerous versatility options: on/under the desk, behind an HP Z display, or on a wall. AS such, the HP Z2 Mini's design and engineering ingenuity could transform the way people think about workstations and workspaces. HP Z2 Mini Workstation will be available in India from January 25th onwards at a starting price of INR 72,000/-. -Press Release Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals Lenovo P2 Huawei Honor 6X 16,999 Specs Extert Review Competitors Images 12,999 Specs Extert Review Competitors Images Gallery   |   10 Photos Lenovo P2 +See All Read More About hp | computers | pcs | laptops | news Story first published: Monday, January 16, 2017, 16:15 [IST] Other articles published on Jan 16, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Best Smartphones with 4GB RAM: Moto G5 Plus, Redmi Note 4, Lenovo P2, Oppo F1s and more Xiaomi Redmi 4 series to be launched in India on March 20: Specs, price and more Xiaomi Mi 6 launch date allegedly delayed until May Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Moto G5 Plus, Moto M, Moto Z Play, Moto G4 Plus: Treat to 8-core fans Google's new messaging app comes without a keyboard, uses voice inputs Facebook’s Town Hall feature lets you contact Govt. officials directly Zebronics launches ‘ZEB-VR100’ VR headset at Rs. 1,499 ShopClues unveils ShopClues Surety Program Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ will feature Bixby voice assistant Huawei P10 Lite goes official in Malaysia; might come soon to India Paytm to soon provide insurance cover for users free of cost Ziox mobile announces Z23 under its Zelfie series Micromax Canvas Fantabulet now available at Rs 5,977: Budget Rivals Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Metro Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy How rowdy foreign diplomats’ immunity thwarts NYPD By Dean Balsamini View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) March 12, 2017 | 1:26pm Modal Trigger Zambian diplomat Langford Banda Ellis Kaplan More On: diplomats Russian ambassador to UN dies after passing out Prosecutors want immunity waived for pervert diplomat Cops say diplomat ogled other women before alleged subway grinding Diplomat chases off intruder in his apartment Zambian official Langford Banda will never be the king of Queens. He was detained in that borough in 2015 after crashing his BMW into a parked NYPD van while he “reeked of alcohol,” cops said. But Banda — whose blood- ­alcohol level was nearly twice the legal limit — was allowed to spend the night sleeping it off in the 112th Precinct station house and let go the next morning. “He was a total mess,” a law-enforcement source told The Post. “He got off because he’s a diplomat. Not our choice.” Since 2015, the city has petitioned foreign countries eight times to waive a diplomat’s immunity so they could be prosecuted on a criminal charge — and was turned down every time, according to documents The Post obtained under the Freedom of Information Law. In every case, prosecutors asked the Mayor’s Office for International Affairs to request waivers of diplomatic immunity from the suspect’s government via the US State Department. And in every case, they were denied. “The State Department always goes to the country to ask,” a former US diplomat told The Post. “Sometimes a country may want to burn the [offender] and waive the immunity because they don’t want the country to look bad.” Only the foreign government can waive the immunity of their diplomats. New York City — with 12,700 foreign diplomats living here — has gotten used to being handcuffed by international law. “It’s all politics and, as usual, the cops are pawns stuck in the middle of the circus,” said Joseph Giacalone, a retired NYPD detective and professor at John Jay College of Criminal Justice. “It’s been the way we conducted business for so many years; I don’t think they would ever change it.” The ex-cop said the Police Academy spends days going over diplomatic-immunity protocol. “It’s an ‘elevator operation,’ ” Giacalone said. “The cop calls the sergeant, and the sergeant notifies the duty captain, who makes the notification. As soon as the person’s creds can be verified through the Intel Division . . . [cops must] let them walk.” Said one prosecutor: “You get used to it. You don’t always get the justice you want.” Haitian diplomat Marie Altagrace Astride Richie Nazaire was spared an assault rap in 2015 after allegedly choking an employee in her Queens apartment building during a squabble over a busted light fixture, according to an internal police and DA documents. She “claimed diplomatic immunity and was released after the police confirmed her diplomatic status,” read the petition the Queens district attorney sent to the Mayor’s Office. In one of the most egregious cases of a diplomat ducking the law, German Consulate attaché Joachim Haubrichs used his get-out-of-jail card in October after allegedly giving his wife a black eye. A neighbor told The Post at the time that he kept her a virtual prisoner in their Upper East Side apartment. The city says it takes “an ­aggressive approach” in seeking immunity waivers. Queens District Attorney Richard A. Brown said: “In spite of their immunity, we nevertheless expect that foreign diplomats respect our laws . . . those few individuals who do not should be held accountable for their ­actions.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under diplomats ,  immunity ,  nypd Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Massive nor'easter set to slam NYC with up to 18 inches of... Read Next Massive nor'easter set to slam NYC with up to 18 inches of... Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 60,537 Woman celebrating 21st birthday killed in car crash 37,216 Man allegedly planted bomb at Port Authority Bus Terminal 36,830 NBC fuming over Maddow's Trump tax scoop 33,338 Matt Harvey caught kissing Adriana Lima Columnists Jennifer Gould Keil Taste of the Upper West Side festival set to expand Steve Cuozzo Blame Anthony Bourdain for ruining New York SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Now On What exactly is Adriana Lima smoking on her date with Matt Harvey? 50 Cent’s ‘Power’ director talks show heading to big screen Madonna gets cozy with ‘mystery man’ SEE ALL Video Armie Hammer really likes favoriting bondage tweets on Twitter More Stories pagesix NBC fuming over Maddow's Trump tax scoop Now On Decider "Absolutely Horrible": Over 81% Of Netflix Reviewers Rated Amy Schumer's 'Leather Special' One Star nypost Woman celebrating 21st birthday killed in car crash New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Best business laptops for travel Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Tesla Model 3 plans bolstered by $1bn Wall Street cash injection Best Android Smartwatch: Top 5 The best mobile VR apps Wearables set to boom in spite of current market gloom Levi’s and Google project ‘Jacquard’ smart jacket price confirmed at SXSW Best Android Smartwatch: Top 5 Cisco puts its networking power behind future UK smart grids Tesla Model 3 plans bolstered by $1bn Wall Street cash injection MapR targets Edge analytics for IoT devices AI, 5G & digital skills top agenda, but new Digital Strategy comes up short for Britain after Brexit The IoT Era: A connected world where even teddy bears pose a threat Cisco doubles down on Jasper for NB-IoT, wearables and connected cars Bosch and NVIDIA take self-driving AI to the next level Companies will be investing over $1 billion in ‘essential’ AI by 2020 There’s a Better Approach than Robot Tax Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Hearst gets good housekeeping with Oracle Cloud Google Drive syncs with enterprise with major new update Google acquires Canadian data migration startup AppBridge IBM, Lloyds £1.3bn IT outsourcing deal to see 1900 staff moved to Big Blue Microsoft commits to using ARM server chips in challenge to Intel’s data centre dominance Box & IBM to open new UK data centre cloud storage Box Zone Hearst gets good housekeeping with Oracle Cloud IBM pushes DevOps to the cloud Accenture to offer HCM as SaaS subscription on SAP’s cloud platform Continued growth in cloud lifts Oracle Q3 profits CNCF gets containerd with Docker as Accenture pushes containers for speedy cloud adoption Microsoft Teams up against Slack, Google with Office 365 Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Abta data breach: Tens of thousands of holidaymakers hit in massive cyber attack Yahoo Breach: US charges Russian spies over hacking of 500 million accounts Are we too far down the cyber rabbit hole to fend off the cyber adversaries? Abta data breach: Tens of thousands of holidaymakers hit in massive cyber attack Is technology to blame for the outrageous scale of financial fraud in the UK? Best antivirus for Windows 10 Bug Bounties Explained SAP HANA vulnerabilities patched after critical flaws discovered Are we too far down the cyber rabbit hole to fend off the cyber adversaries? Abta data breach: Tens of thousands of holidaymakers hit in massive cyber attack Highest Paying Jobs in Cyber Security 2017 What is Trump’s cyber security policy? Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Best business laptops for travel Best Android Smartwatch: Top 5 More hardware issues for the Google Pixel prompts several recalls More hardware issues for the Google Pixel prompts several recalls Apple takes patent battle against Qualcomm to UK The Comeback Kids of MWC: Can Nokia 3310, BlackBerry turn hype into revenue? Gmail account users can now make payments with P2P Android app feature Facebook data surveillance to be curtailed with new privacy policy The best mobile VR apps Cisco puts its networking power behind future UK smart grids Over 2,000 Vodafone jobs to be created in £2bn investment drive BT, Ofcom end two year feud as Openreach becomes separate company Best laptops for programming Best business laptops for travel MWC: Samsung, Microsoft extend enterprise mobility tie-up with 2-in-1 tablet Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Schneider Electric targets IoT and edge apps with micro data centre AI focussed Fintechs could keep UK in the game post-Brexit CenturyLink data centre business gets a new name after $2.8bn buy out Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Microsoft embraces open source innovation for data centres at OCP 2017 CUI chills the data centre market with ICE Block Schneider Electric targets IoT and edge apps with micro data centre Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change CUI chills the data centre market with ICE Block Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Interxion expands European colo market with new London data centre Facebook fails to throw out lawsuit that alleges data centre design theft Big Data Analytics Will user behaviour analytics KO SIEM? MapR targets Edge analytics for IoT devices Salesforce fleshes out AI Vision with new Einstein cloud capabilities Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation The Great Data Divide: Baby Boomers vs. Millennials IBM stores one bit of data on a single atom Smaller but more Nimble – HPE snaps up flash storage business Best free backup software Continued growth in cloud lifts Oracle Q3 profits Chrome 57 update gags power hungry browser tabs Facebook unveils new GPU server Big Basin Smaller but more Nimble – HPE snaps up flash storage business IBM, Cisco boost hybrid cloud, expand VersaStack converged infrastructure Continued growth in cloud lifts Oracle Q3 profits Challenger bank Starling taps Transferwise API for currency transfers Vmware, Microsoft & Red Hat: Which virtualisation vendor is best for your business? Cisco, Sky join hands to deliver new OTT service, OnPrime TV Looks like Citrix is up for sale…again IBM pushes DevOps to the cloud Vmware, Microsoft & Red Hat: Which virtualisation vendor is best for your business? Looks like Citrix is up for sale…again AWS bolsters cloud offerings with Thinkbox Software buy Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers English French What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Best Android Smartwatch: Top 5 Over 2,000 Vodafone jobs to be created in £2bn investment drive MobilityLaptops Back to Home Best business laptops for travel Increase / Decrease text size Joe Clark   - Reporter 12th March 2017 Add to favorites A look at the best business laptops for the user on the go. Laptops are a necessity for business travellers these days. Tablets and smartphones offer a range of utilities but, for now at least, they still don’t quite compare with laptops. Processing power, storage space, and interface ability in laptops has all made huge leaps over the last few years making them better and more secure than ever to manage your work on the go. But which one is right for you? Finding a cheap and high quality laptop these days isn’t that hard, but you certainly get what you pay for when springing for the high end models. Though Price isn’t the only deciding factor, for international travel battery life will play an important role in the decision making process, particularly on long journeys with little knowledge of when you’re next opportunity to charge will be. We took a look at the best business laptops currently on the market and picked our five favourites to help make the decision.   1. HP 255 G5 – £310 The HP 255 G5 is an excellent entry level laptop for your business needs. Its Intel i5 processor, 8GB of RAM, and 256GB hard drive ensures that you’ll have everything you require for working on the go, and for a substantially lower price than its competitors. The device has both an SD card slot and a DVD writer which, admittedly, is fairly obsolete these days but remains an option. Of course, the downsides of the device also tie into its price, for such a low amount you shouldn’t really be expecting anything more than what your standard laptop offers. For higher power and a bit more of a kick you’ll have to spend that little bit more. The HP 255 G5 is available from £310.   2. HP Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga – £1,775 The HP Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga is the most expensive on the list but if it’s a cutting edge machine with all the trimmings that you’re looking for, then this is the one for you. The Yoga comes with an i7 2.5GHz processor, that can be boosted to 3.1, 8GB of RAM, and 256GB SSD storage. In a strange twist this more expensive model is lacking an optical drive but, as previously stated, optical drives have become an increasingly outdated mode of data storage and transfer. Another downside is the constant clacking of keys on the underside if you happen to be using it in tablet mode. However, the 14 inch OLED screen combined with its old school aesthetic complete with red TrackPoint, which seems more for the sake of nostalgia at this point, gives the device an interesting synthesis of classic style and cutting edge tech. The HP Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga is available from £1,775. The Kaby Lake is critically acclaimed – find out why on the next page Next Tags Business Chromebook Dell Google HP laptop Sidebar List Previous ArticleContainers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Next ArticleWhat is DevOps? Most read IBM, Lloyds £1.3bn IT outsourcing deal to see 1900 staff moved to Big Blue Ellie Burns 13th March 2017 Best Android Smartwatch: Top 5 Tom Ball 11th March 2017 More hardware issues for the Google Pixel prompts several recalls Joe Clark 10th March 2017 WikiLeaks Releases CIA Hacking Dossier: CIA worked with MI5 to hack Samsung Smart TVs Ellie Burns 7th March 2017 Why automation is key for the future of cyber security Tom Ball 6th March 2017 More bad news for Uber as VP resigns and new accusations surface Joe Clark 6th March 2017 Cisco, Docker shake-up applications for cloud & data centre Ellie Burns 2nd March 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel Le stockage de demain By Kaminario Overcome the Attacker Advantage with McAfee Endpoint Security By Intel Editor’s Pick Are we too far down the cyber rabbit hole to fend off the cyber adversaries? Tom Ball 14th March 2017 $15bn Intel deal sends Mobileye stock soaring Joe Clark 13th March 2017 Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Hannah Williams 12th March 2017 Best web browsers for security Hannah Williams 10th March 2017 What are the most popular programming languages? James Nunns 9th March 2017 Related News Best Android Smartwatch: Top 5 Tom Ball 11th March 2017 More hardware issues for the Google Pixel prompts several recalls Joe Clark 10th March 2017 Best encryption software: Top 5 Tom Ball 10th March 2017 Latest in 4th Revolution Enterprise IT New Windows dev kit delivers mixed reality apps to developers Hannah Williams 2nd March 2017 4th Revolution The Reality of the AI Revolution Ellie Burns 28th February 2017 4th Revolution Autonomous cars and drones – Ford looks into the future with ‘City of Tomorrow’ Joe Clark 27th February 2017 Latest in Analysis Markets Breaking out of the Henry T Ford approach to FS infrastructure Ellie Burns 16th March 2017 Data Centre Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Hannah Williams 12th March 2017 The Rise and Rise of Social Engineering Fraud, and How to Prevent It Ellie Burns 7th March 2017 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR Best free backup software 7 hours ago Abta data breach: Tens of thousands of holidaymakers hit in massive cyber attack 8 hours ago Highest Paying Jobs in Cyber Security 2017 8 hours ago Breaking out of the Henry T Ford approach to FS infrastructure 9 hours ago Hearst gets good housekeeping with Oracle Cloud 10 hours ago Wearables set to boom in spite of current market gloom 11 hours ago Continued growth in cloud lifts Oracle Q3 profits 11 hours ago Is technology to blame for the outrageous scale of financial fraud in the UK? 12 hours ago Cisco puts its networking power behind future UK smart grids 13 hours ago Yahoo Breach: US charges Russian spies over hacking of 500 million accounts 15 hours ago Tesla Model 3 plans bolstered by $1bn Wall Street cash injection 15 hours ago Best laptops for programming 15 hours ago Chrome 57 update gags power hungry browser tabs 15 hours ago Best antivirus for Windows 10 15 hours ago CNCF gets containerd with Docker as Accenture pushes containers for speedy cloud adoption 1 day ago Bosch and NVIDIA take self-driving AI to the next level 1 day ago
MENU Subscribe Newsletters Events Webinars Papers Magazine Jobs Storycards Advertise Awards Programs About Govtech.com Center for Digital Government Center for Digital Education Digital Communities Future Structure Public CIO Social Innovation Nation Magazine / Subscribe / Newsletters / News / Events / Webinars / Papers / Advertise / Jobs / Storycards / About / More Close TECHNOLOGY Applications Computing Platforms Data Gear Network Security Social Web JURISDICTION State Local Federal Education DOMAINS/ PRACTICE AREAS Budget and Finance Health and Human Services Justice and Public Safety Transportation Education What's New in Civic Tech: Sunlight Foundation Guide Seeks to Improve Open Data Practices CGI Wins First Three Phases of Colorado's Agile Child Welfare System Modernization In Post-Election Activism Surge, 'Countable' Startup Raises $2 Million How 'Code for Asheville' has Changed the City’s Civic Coding Dynamic Kansas Moves Cattle Brand Registration to the Cloud Why Autonomous and Electric Vehicles Are Inextricably Linked Close EDITORIAL Masthead Submit News COLUMNS Lohrmann DIGITAL MEDIA Newsletters Videos Photos RESOURCES Public Sector Jobs OUR NETWORK Emergency Management Public CIO Governing FutureStructure Center for Digital Government Center for Digital Education COMMUNITIES GovTech Exchange Digital Communities PROGRAMS Surveys and Awards INDUSTRY Industry Insider Navigator Media Kits Labs COMPANY About Us Contact Us Press Privacy Jobs © 2017 All rights reserved. e.Republic | Privacy & Terms | Contact Us | Facebook | Twitter | Industry Insider | Labs | Advertise Government Technology: State & Local Government News Articles 'Envision Charlotte' Cities Share a Mindset Bent on Practical Achievement For this year's smart cities workshop, participants came not just with enthusiasm and curiosity, but also with practical ideas. by Adam Stone / March 8, 2017 The latest iteration of Envision Charlotte was held at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte from March 6-8, 2017 UNC Charlotte What a difference a year can make. Organizers of the Envision America technology initiative say the momentum around civic technology and data-driven government has ramped up significantly since they held their first event in 2016. A project of the nonprofit Envision Charlotte organization, Envision America came to life as part of former President Barack Obama’s $160 million smart cities initiative, announced in fall 2015. In its second iteration, a workshop held March 6-8, 2017 at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte brought together teams from 10 cities. This year they came not just with enthusiasm and curiosity, but also with practical ideas. “Last year, ‘smart cities’ was still new for people. Industry talked about it, IBM and Cisco understood it, but the cities hadn’t adopted the idea,” said Amy Aussieker, executive director of Envision Charlotte. “This year we are further down the pipe.” RELATED Charlotte, N.C.: The Making of a 'Smart City' The 10 cities were selected from a pool of more than 40 applicants. While they brought to the table diverse civic needs and various levels of sophistication, all shared a mindset bent on practical achievement. “Last year it was: We know we want to do something, but we don’t know what," Aussieker said. "This year, they have started actual projects." The team from Jackson, Miss., for example, brought water issues to the table. “They have very old pipes, they don’t know where all their pipes are, and they have a lot of water loss,” said Aussieker. They’re eyeing sensors as a possible fix." Detroit officials, on the other hand, came seeking smart solutions to transportation. “They want to make it easier for people to ride different modes with a single payment. Eighty percent of their tickets are cash, people don’t just walk up with their phones to pay," she said. "So they want a system that can work across different modes within that environment." As for the other participating cities, Birmingham, Ala., needs a better way to identify and manage more than 16,000 tax delinquent parcels; Burlington, Vt., wants to build a secure, permission-based analytics platform for all city data; Chula Vista, Calif. is looking to forge a citywide Telecommunications Master Plan (TMP) to support future connectivity, data capture, analytics and operational needs; and Providence, R.I., wants to create a 1.3-mile enhanced bus corridor through the heart of the city, with an all-electric fleet of 30 new buses. While their needs may vary, the participating cities do share certain elements in common as they seek technology fixes for urban ills. For one thing, they all are struggling to find their footing under a new administration. “The political climate has changed. Last year there was a lot of federal support for these things. This year cities don’t know if they are going to have that support, so they are thinking more independently. Last year we had more federal panels. Now the cities are talking about ways to do this themselves,” Aussieker said. In fact, political changes have had a direct impact on the Envision America event itself. Long Beach, Calif., was chosen to participate, but representatives were unable to attend. That city is one of many effectively boycotting the state of North Carolina over HB2, the so-called “bathroom bill” that gives a conservative and some claim discriminatory reading to transgender issues. Envision America is backed by a slew of corporate supporters including AT&T, Bank of America, Cisco, IBM, Intel, Itron, Microsoft, Qualcomm Technologies Inc., SAS, Siemens, PTC/Thingworx, Wells Fargo and Philips. In 2016 organizers asked these backers to avoid talking about products, but in this year’s event they reversed that stance, at the request of the participating cities. “Last year we didn’t want a lot of the partners to do sales pitches," Aussieker said. "But the cities came back and said they wanted to know what new products are coming out so that they can integrate those into their thoughts as they go forward.” Philips stepped up to describe ways in which intelligent lighting can actually drive economic activity. IBM talked up its artificial intelligence platform Watson, in a push to help cities see how data can be used to drive smarter decision-making. Charlotte itself has been moving in that direction through its Envision Charlotte efforts. One program involved the installation of smart power meters on 64 large buildings in the city. “A lot of cities say they want to reduce energy use by 20 percent, but how do you measure it? How do you know whether anything works? Measuring is huge for us,” said Aussieker. The smart meters generate a granularity of data previously unavailable. “If you use the traditional meter, you get billing data. With smart meters, you get 15-minute interval data, which allows you to make smarter decisions," she said. "Why is the energy spiking every day at 10 o’clock? Interval data is key when you are trying to get energy efficiency." Charlotte also has distinguished itself in the degree to which officials have made partnering a key element of their smart-city agenda. They describe it as public-private-plus, the “plus” being universities and utilities, two key players often left off the smart-city team. “If you are going to focus on energy, you have to have the utilities there,” Aussieker said. “And the universities are some of the most underused assets cities have. You have a wealth of information there, plus you have an opportunity to bring in the students who will be your future workforces and give them the chance to work with corporations on businesses on real-life projects.” Those real-life advances being made in Charlotte are a draw for Envision America participants, many of whom come looking to leverage others’ successful experiences. Last year’s event offered “a great opportunity … to develop some strategic thinking around our approach to smart cities,” Pittsburgh’s Chief Resiliency Officer Grant Ervin said in a press release. “Providing the space to meet with leading cities and cutting-edge companies was a great network-building and learning opportunity.” Organizers say they are hopeful that by simply making contact with one another, cities on the cutting edge of the smart endeavor may be able to up their game. “Cities learn from each other. This is the nitty-gritty stuff. These are the people who are actually implementing these projects. If someone can say — Hey, how did you handle the kiosk in the historic district? — that has tremendous value,” Aussieker said. Looking ahead, Charlotte’s tech promoters will be casting their gaze overseas. Having heard from leading U.S. cities, they say they now are eager to take a lesson from the European Union, where data-driven government is even more firmly entrenched. Adam Stone  |  Contributing Writer RELATED STORIES Charlotte, N.C.: The Making of a 'Smart City' Filter By Topic All ALL TECHNOLOGY Applications Computing Platforms Web & Social Network Data Security Gear JURISDICTION State Local Federal Education DOMAINS/ PRACTICE AREAS Budget and Finance Health and Human Services Justice and Public Safety Transportation Education    Videos      Photos Load More
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines State Supreme Court sides with Port of Vancouver in oil terminal suit School responds to transgender teen bullying allegations Man arrested after alleged drive-by shooting near Vancouver Mall Police: Suspected burglar fought with residents prior to death Two injured in head-on crash near Battle Ground Clark County has strong Irish presence Clark Talks: More bridge talk in this week’s podcast Carl’s Jr. fundraiser to donate all Sunday sales Weather Eye: Downpours expected to clear as spring arrives Landslide keeps state Highway 503 closed Two injured in head-on crash near Battle Ground Two people were injured in a head-on crash near Battle Ground Wednesday night. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Mathews helps Zags slowly pull away from South Dakota State Report: Fernandez was likely operating boat in deadly crash Indiana fires Tom Crean after 9 seasons Oregon to reconsider salmon reforms Friday Fishing report 3/16 Gifford Pinchot National Forest snow report 3/16 Ocean salmon fishing options unveiled Registration open for March 25 boating safety class High school scoreboard 3/16 All-Region gymnastics: Sarah Ellis, Columbia River Washington fires coach Lorenzo Romar SEATTLE (AP) — Washington fired coach Lorenzo Romar on Wednesday after 15 seasons at the school, a fate that seemed… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Americans spent millions on sign-making materials in January Final check out for Red Lion   Indexes steady as Fed-fueled rally fades Hanford contractors to cut 300 jobs by fall Google adds ‘offensive’ category, hopes to improve quality of search results State Supreme Court sides with Port of Vancouver in oil terminal suit Ivanka Trump meets with Latina business owners McDonald’s says it’s investigating tweet at Trump White House picks Boeing executive as Pentagon’s No. 2 U.S. to confront trade partners at global finance meeting Vancouver FedEx driver speaks to youth on safe driving Chris Outen can’t forget the day his dad left for work and never came home. Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Sierra Leone pastor finds 706-carat diamond in village February was a warm month, short of record Basement decor options endless Scientists bite into Neanderthals’ diet Energy Adviser: Please, ‘call before you dig’ If bulbs don’t bloom, consider possible reasons Good test for a gardener: When do you get your first peas? Study could help protect ‘super reefs’ Maintaining old homes a challenge Decor’s love affair with Africa Good test for a gardener: When do you get your first peas? In some gardening circles, a gardener’s skill is measured by how soon he or she gets the first bowl of… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Block 10 News Exciting Parker: States’ rights don’t include cruel, illogical legislation Letter: Officials must listen — and be heard Letter: Herrera Beutler unavailable Letter: Support consumer protections Letter: Pitch in to prevent litter Letter: Time to improve U.S. health care In Our View: Don’t Dismiss CBO Report Camden: Good start, but don’t bet on Legislature beating clock Letter: Trump not equipped for greatness Editorial Cartoons March 12-18 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News County still chipping at nuisance property in Orchards Students hear bevy of options for post-high school life Everybody Has a Story: Circus source of happy memories Scouts earn First Responder badges Volunteer Opportunities Mountain View students top DECA competition Green Mountain students plant trees near Lewis River Ridgefield Library fund gets grant from car dealerships Blazers surprise teens at parks event in Vancouver Knowledge Bowl team places first in regional finals County still chipping at nuisance property in Orchards A years-long effort to bring the nuisance house across the street from Covington Middle School back into compliance is now… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Companies embrace virtual shareholder meetings With investors spread across country, online meetings gain appeal SurModics' 2017 virtual shareholder meeting could be viewed and listened to from the link that the company sent to shareholders. (Lewis Leung/Minneapolis Star Tribune) By Patrick Kennedy, Star Tribune (Minneapolis) Published: March 12, 2017, 5:37 AM A   A MINNEAPOLIS — Two years ago, SurModics Inc. conducted its annual meeting and only four shareholders showed up. Even though it was held at the company’s suburban Twin Cities headquarters, there was not a big return for the expense. So last year, the company conducted a virtual annual meeting — something more companies are electing to do. SurModic’s board chairwoman, Susan Knight, said during this year’s meeting in February that the company now expects to follow suit every year. “Quite frankly, it’s a more of a social gathering than anything else,” said Andy LaFrence, chief financial officer and vice president of finance for SurModics. More than 90 percent of SurModics shareholders are institutions, he said. “The majority of them are going to be on the coasts,” LaFrence said. “This gives those shareholders an opportunity to participate and to vote live with the tools in place.” SurModics also offers other ways for shareholder engagement, he added. SurModics’ meeting was hosted by Broadridge Financial, a Long Island, N.Y., company that provides investor communication and other services to corporate clients. The technology for virtual annual meetings is not much different from what is used for webcasts of a company’s quarterly investor conference call. Broadridge provides the client two specific web addresses — one to broadcast the meeting and another to cast votes. Cathy Conlon, vice president of corporate issuer product and strategy at Broadridge Financial, sees virtual annual meetings as a trend. “This is technology that has become accepted,” Conlon said. Broadridge’s first virtual annual meeting was for Intel Corp. in 2009, when the Santa Clara, Calif.-based technology company had both a physical meeting with an option to participate virtually. Last year, Intel went fully virtual. Broadridge thought the virtual meeting product would appeal mainly to tech companies, but quickly realized that companies in a broad range of industries have started leaning toward the option. In 2016, Broadridge helped 154 companies conduct virtual annual meetings, an increase of 71 percent from the year before. Conlon said virtual meetings are not the best solution for all companies or situations, but for some it is a cost-effective option. That was the case for Minneapolis-based industrial equipment manufacturer Graco, said spokeswoman Charlotte Boyd. “It was not a good use of time and money for shareholders or the company to hold a physical meeting,” Boyd said, although she jokes that the employees and retirees miss the free cookies. Lack of attendance at physical meetings is a big reason companies, especially smaller ones, are moving toward the virtual route. Virtual options also can increase participation, especially with the growth of institutional owners. Institutional owners are not likely to be in the same cities as the companies in which they invest, and during the first several months of the year — the big annual-meeting season — they can’t physically attend all meetings. There’s no doubt that some companies will continue to use annual meetings as part of their communications strategies. The Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting is a multiday affair that overtakes Omaha, Neb. The annual meeting of Hormel Foods Corp. is conducted in an Austin, Minn., high school auditorium to accommodate the crowd. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
GSMArena.com Tip us 868k 125k 87k 202k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Upsampled Google Pixel XL review - - - Week 10 in review: Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks keep coming Post your comment Comments (5) Yordan 12 March 2017 Week in review MWC 2017 is gone and everyone is looking forward to the next big event in the mobile technology - the Galaxy S8 announcement on March 29. It's just that at the rate these leaks are coming in there will be hardly anything left to announce when the time comes. The long-awaited Samsung flagship may be the biggest talking point right now but there were some announcements that embellished the news feed in the past week. BlackBerry Aurora was unveiled in Malaysia and Xiaomi revealed smart shoes powered by Intel. India will host its own MWC in September, though it's unlikely to be as exciting as the one in Barcelona. Still, this is the first congress aimed directly to South East Asian markets so manufacturers like Xiaomi, Meizu and Oppo might bring their A-game. Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ pricing revealed, Violet model appears Reliable leakster reports the Galaxy S8 will cost 800 and the S8+ will start at 899. New shots of the Samsung Galaxy S8 emerge The stills could potentially be from the bigger S8+ models, as well. Google Assistant fully rolling out to non-Pixel devices Google Assistant is now fully rolling out to all English users in the US. Here's yet another batch of leaked Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ photos This time we the 5.8-inch regular Galaxy S8 and its plus sibling in the same shot. Xiaomi unveils smart shoes powered by Intel What better to track your run than your running shoes? Another day, another Galaxy S8 and S8+ images leak More images of the Samsung flagship appear. Xiaomi Mi Mix 18K price drops to $700 The phablet with bezelless screen has an 18K gold rim around the camera and fingerprint sensor. Samsung Galaxy S8 impresses partners after a brief demo The phone was shown to company partners and they all agreed what they saw was very impressive. Nokia flagship with Snapdragon 835 lands in June in two sizes, rumor says Don't expect any PureView or Carl Zeiss branding though. Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ get certified by FCC FCC test reports show us the various models of the devices and that they are manufactured in Vietnam. Galaxy S8 leaks in a really short and low-res hands-on video Samsung just posted an ad on Twitter that features dual cameras. The 4K HDR screen of the Xperia XZ Premium explained by the Bravia team High-end Sony Bravias have boasted 4K HDR since 2015, but this is the first screen of its kind in the mobile world. Samsung Galaxy Note8s codename and model number revealed A report outs the Samsung Galaxy Note8's model number and internal codename. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 to have even thinner bezels and an AMOLED display Xiaomi will also add curved edges to trim the bezels even more. Nokia 3310 pre-orders astonish retailers Carphone Warehouse said it has seen unprecedented level of demand of the candy-looking phone. BlackBerry Aurora officially announced The $260 device is currently available to pre-order in Indonesia. Microsoft thinks it's a good idea to put ads in your Windows 10 File Explorer Coincidentally or not (definitely not), the ads are for the company's OneDrive cloud storage service. Samsung Galaxy S8 listed for pre-order in the UK at £799 MobileFun is taking pre-orders, the price is for a 64GB version of the 5.8" non-Plus model. India to host its own Mobile World Congress (MWC) this year The India edition of MWC will be focused on reaching out to the South East Asian markets. Samsung Gear S3 Frontier gets an update The Gear S3 Frontier with LTE got a minor update, including a new feature. Related articles Week 9 in review: A melange of MWC news and Galaxy S8 rumors Week 8 in review: Galaxy S8 and LG G6 leaks galore Week 7 in review: Glass back and OLED iPhone 8 and more Galaxy S8 rumors Week 6 in review: Galaxy S8 and LG G6 developments, future Xperias leaks Reader comments Anonymous XMV$ 13 Mar 2017 Ugliest Phone of 2017 trying hard advertising after the blowing up fiasco. Reply DRVKB ampT 12 Mar 2017 SAMSUNG 8 and plus -- we are reliably informed -public nickname most likely to be --HERO ..shame samsung as always --DIFERENT SPECS for korea china asia usa western europe - uk bottom of pile-russia germany always get the best prices in europe ..usa ... Reply NoNaMe 3L@M 12 Mar 2017 True that. No matter what other says it is crucial for market that there's competition. Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 5 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Motorola Moto G5 Plus 108,292 2. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 67,540 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 59,153 4. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 54,159 5. Samsung Galaxy S8 48,169 6. Nokia 6 46,821 7. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 42,693 8. OnePlus 3T 42,600 9. Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro 41,744 10. Oppo F1s 41,407 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 2,044 2. OnePlus 3 1,644 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,623 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,578 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,465 6. HTC 10 1,393 7. LG G5 1,185 8. Huawei Nexus 6P 1,176 9. Xiaomi Mi Mix 795 10. LG V10 793 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: magicvalley.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local Mini-Cassia Crime & Courts The Big Story Business Agriculture Government & Politics Education Community National Wildfires Sports High School Sports College of Southern Idaho Boise State Bliss High School: Bears Prep Sports Buhl High School: Indians Prep Sports Burley High School: Bobcats Prep Sports Carey High School: Panthers Prep Sports Castleford High School: Wolves Prep Sports Camas County High School: Mushers Prep Sports Canyon Ridge High School: Riverhawks Prep Sports Community School: Cutthroats Prep Sports Declo High School: Hornets Prep Sports Dietrich High School: Devils Prep Sports Filer High School: Wildcats Prep Sports Glenns Ferry High School: Pilots Prep Sports Gooding High School: Senators Prep Sports Hagerman High School: Pirates Prep Sports Hansen High School: Huskies Prep Sports Jerome High School: Tigers Prep Sports Kimberly High School: Bulldogs Prep Sports Lighthouse Christian School: Lions Prep Sports Minico High School: Spartans Prep Sports Murtaugh High School: Red Devils Prep Sports Oakley High School: Hornets Prep Sports Richfield High School: Tigers Prep Sports Raft River High School: Trojans Prep Sports Shoshone High School: Indians Prep Sports Twin Falls High: Bruins Prep Sports Valley High School: Vikings Prep Sports Wendell High School: Trojans Prep Sports Wood River High: Wolverines Prep Sports Lifestyles Entertainment Outdoors Faith & Values Food Calendar People Opinion Our View Other Views Letters to the Editor Blogs Photos & Videos Photo Galleries Video Photo Blog Obituaries Weather Games & Puzzles Buy & Sell Business Directory Real Estate Autos Classifieds Today's Deal Place an Ad Newspaper Ads Jobs Weekly Ads e-Edition Contact Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 56° Twin Falls, ID (83301) Today Sunshine and clouds mixed. High 59F. Winds WNW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low near 40F. Winds ESE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: March 16, 2017 @ 10:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Events Obituaries Buy & Sell OTHER VIEW Other View: Trump's travel ban is a threat to science Albert Teich Special To The Washington Post Mar 12, 2017 0 For years, our outdated and overly complex immigration system for scientists and engineers has threatened our nation’s position as a magnet for scientific and engineering talent from all over the world. Now, the government is finally taking action, only it’s in the wrong direction. It has decided to make it more difficult — not easier — for foreign scientists and students to come to the United States and for U.S. scientists to collaborate with colleagues in other countries. President Donald Trump’s travel ban is creating turmoil in U.S. laboratories. It is discouraging foreign scientists from coming to the United States, and it is creating a climate of insecurity and fear among many of those who are already here. It is threatening collaborative research projects involving U.S. and foreign scientists. And it is disrupting the flow of international students to U.S. universities. As reported in the journal Nature, foreign-born scientists are reconsidering their plans to work or study in the United States because of Trump’s actions on immigration. Meanwhile, administrators at Harvard University have cautioned foreign students and faculty about potential problems of reentry after traveling outside the United States. Such fears could have serious consequences for research and education in this country. Although the administration limited the scope of its 90-day travel ban to six majority-Muslim nations, the president’s heated rhetoric has raised fears and created a climate of uncertainty about his administration’s longer-term plans and intentions. We have already seen a precipitous drop in applications to some U.S. engineering schools from international students, who are vital to science, technology, engineering and math graduate programs at universities. According to data from the National Science Foundation, foreign nationals represent more than 70 percent of full-time graduate students in electrical engineering, 63 percent in computer science and about half of all engineering faculty members. But the latest figures from many universities are worrisome. International applications for Dartmouth College’s master’s in engineering management are down 30 percent; at Vanderbilt University, engineering graduate applications from international students have declined 18 percent. The timing and application deadlines suggest that these drops may be due to Trump’s campaign rhetoric rather than the recent travel bans. The United States has long benefited from the contributions of foreign-born scientists and engineers. Examples abound: Nearly a third of all science Nobel laureates who won their prizes while working in the United States were foreign born. Approximately 40 percent of Fortune 500 firms — including such tech-based giants as Google, Intel, eBay, and Apple — were started by immigrants or children of immigrants. More than five out of six patents in information technology in the United States in 2010 listed a foreign national among the inventors. In view of such contributions, the government should be doing more to attract foreign talent, not driving it away. Scientific organizations have been speaking out on the travel ban. Rush Holt, chief executive of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, called on the president “to take a balanced approach to immigration that protects national security interests and advances our scientific leadership.” Leaders of the biotechnology industry, heavily dependent on foreign talent, were more forceful. A letter — published in Nature Biotechnology and signed by 166 industry executives — stated bluntly: “If this misguided policy is not reversed, America is at risk of losing its leadership position in one of its most important sectors, one that will shape the world in the twenty-first century.” Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. It’s not clear that anyone in the White House is listening. In previous administrations, the president’s science adviser and his staff in the Office of Science and Technology Policy would have offered a scientific perspective on issues of this nature. That point of view might not have shaped the final outcome, but its presence would have suggested at least the possibility of informed decision-making. So far, the Trump administration has not named a science adviser or given an indication of how—or whether—the White House science office will be structured and staffed. The travel ban set to go into effect this month highlights both the need for establishing a channel of high-level scientific advice to the president in the form of an appointed science adviser. It also demonstrates the need for a concerted, unified effort by the scientific community to speak out and oppose such misguided policies. The president needs to turn his attention to this situation soon. It is essential that, as we seek to secure our borders and protect the nation against terrorism and other threats to our security, we do not allow the strength and international reputation of our scientific enterprise to become collateral damage. Albert Teich is research professor of science, technology and international affairs at George Washington University. Tags Ban Politics Company Institutes United States Policy White House Science Donald Trump Adviser × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Submit a Letter Submit a Letter to the Editor Most Popular Police: Twin Falls man abused, shook baby causing brain bleeding, bruised testicles 1 dead in crash near Kimberly Buhl man shot at by deputy charged with forging documents in forgery case Kimberly woman killed in head-on crash; ISP investigating what caused semi to hit oncoming traffic Dietrich superintendent quits, judge in locker room case investigated Most Commented Letter: Trump and the First Amendment(17) Xavier teacher resigns amid mouth-taping allegation(17) Judicial Council to investigate judge in Dietrich case(14) Larson: Skipping work isn’t feminism. It’s being a lousy employee.(14) Dietrich school superintendent to resign(13) Latest in section Inside Politics: Representative democracy demands transparency Readers Comment: Are you taking advantage of tax breaks? Brugger: Back to the future on health care Other View: Republicans are threatening to expose Trump as the emperor with no clothes Colley: Extremism in defense of liberty See All Print Ads TIMES NEWS - Ad from 2017-03-16 K HARDWARE INC. - Ad from 2017-03-16 TIMES NEWS - Ad from 2017-03-16 TWIN FALLS COUNTY TREASURER - Ad from 2017-03-16 Bulletin Currents Health-med-fit The 17 medical procedures that will cost you the most Southern Idaho Business News Need to focus? These are the best noise-canceling headphones Southern Idaho Entertainment These iconic movies are celebrating big anniversaries in 2017 Today’s top pics: Dutch reject anti-Islam candidate and more McDonald's worker rescues unconscious cop at drive thru Your daily 6: Strike 2 for travel ban, 'just say no' and Goodwill gets weed - by accident Today's Birthdays, March 16: Jerry Lewis Manny Ramirez' new home far cry from bright lights of Tokyo Banana Bread Bottom Cheesecake Max Scherzer likely to miss Washington Nationals' opener Flu cases increase, but flu season continues six more weeks Latest Local Offers Do you have a construction site that needs a thorough cleaning? Call A Perfect View Window Cleaning for your new construction cleanup needs! 208-316-8292 A Perfect View Window Cleaning wants to give you the customer satisfaction you deserve. We t… A Perfect View Cleaning, LLC. 341 Red Rock Trail, Kimberly, ID 83341 208-316-8292 Currently Open Ads For compassionate professionals with expertise in funeral arrangements and burial services, call Reynolds Funeral Chapel today You can count on Reynolds Funeral Chapel for professionalism, quality and service excellence… Reynolds Funeral Chapel 2466 Addison Ave E., Twin Falls, ID 83301 208-733-4900 Currently Open Ads $40 JUMP START auto service! Mention this ad when you call A-1 Towing for all your jump start and towing needs: (208) 733-1302 A-1 Towing is there for you 24 hours with award winning service; the best in Idaho! A-1 Towing 1431 Kimberly Rd, Twin Falls, ID 83301 208-733-1302 Currently Open Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Ryan: Trump Making It Easier to Pass Health Plan Refugee Family Lands Amid US Travel Ban Fight Raw: SpaceX Falcon 9 Rocket Launch Iraqi Refugee Family Lands in US Sites & Partners Print Edition Online Magic Valley Wheels Today's Deal Online Features Tools & Services Customer Service Subscribe Activate Advertise Email Alerts Contact Us About Us © Copyright 2017 Times-News, 132 Fairfield ST W Twin Falls, ID | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers CarsIreland.ie Blog Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Dublin Datasec 2017 Tech & Gaming Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Six Nations Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Cheltenham 2017 Cheltenham 2017 Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Baby Loss Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business Irish Friday 17 March 2017 Irish hospital tech firm signs Intel deal to help capture slice of $40bn market Simon Rowe March 12 2017 2:30 AM 0 Comments Irish hospital tech firm signs Intel deal to help capture slice of $40bn market Independent.ie Australian-listed Irish hospital tech company Oneview Healthcare has signed a collaboration deal with global giant Intel to accelerate its growth in the booming interactive patient care market. http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/irish-hospital-tech-firm-signs-intel-deal-to-help-capture-slice-of-40bn-market-35521071.html http://www.independent.ie/business/article35521070.ece/88696/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-03-12_bus_29314406_I1.JPG Email Oneview’s Irish founder Mark McCloskey Australian-listed Irish hospital tech company Oneview Healthcare has signed a collaboration deal with global giant Intel to accelerate its growth in the booming interactive patient care market. Focused on markets in Australia, the US and the Middle East, Oneview integrates a hospital's IT systems onto a single tech platform to aid patient engagement and speed-up workflows for medical staff. Founded in 2012 by Dublin-born entrepreneur Mark McCloskey, Oneview became the first Irish company to list in Australia when it floated on St Patrick's Day last year. In its first year as a listed company it recently reported strong revenue growth with sales jumping to just over €9m, up from €2.3m in 2015. Oneview's collaboration with Intel, in conjunction with its technology partner Microsoft, will see the rollout of smart tech products such as sensors to aid independent/assisted living, wearable tech for patients, and 'smart rooms' in acute hospitals, senior living, and sheltered accommodation centres, said McCloskey. The interactive patient care market is expected to be worth $40bn by 2024, up from $7.4bn in 2015. The Oneview software system is already installed in about 3,000 hospital beds across 20 separate hospital facilities. Its system is also deployed at the Laura Lynn Children's Hospice in south Dublin. The firm said it expects to announce another hospital contract for 660 beds in the US in the coming weeks, with a year-end target of 15,000 newly contracted beds. Last month Barnes Jewish Healthcare (BJC), one of the largest non-profit hospital groups in the US, agreed to deploy Oneview's software solution at its new Barnes Jewish Hospital Tower and St Louis Children's Hospital in Missouri. The US group will install 2,000 Oneview devices at its hospitals over the next three years. Oneview is also poised to enter the UK market if a pilot project launched this month with Oxford University is successful. This will enable the firm to roll out its products to the NHS. The company, which is in a rapid growth phase, saw net losses rise from €9.8m to just over €16m last year. Its monthly gross cash burn - before recurring income - is €1.9m per month. Recurring revenue - a key metric for the business - was up 73pc last year at €1.28m. The firm has a considerable war chest, however, with cash on hand of €35.1m. "The market for interactive patient care is growing at a rapid pace," said McCloskey. "Research firm Gartner predicts the sector will be worth $40bn within seven years. The need for a high-quality patient experience has never been more important. "Our technology has revolutionised patient care and we are excited to continue to roll it out across international markets in the coming months," added McCloskey. The firm has also announced a number of new senior hires including Kevin Jennings, the former head of Global Learning Design at Google. Sunday Indo Business Follow @Indobusiness Read More 'The laws of physics would have to be rewritten for these devices' - Three businessmen behind...  Independent.ie Business Desk Three businessmen have been sentenced to 15 months imprisonment suspended for three years for their role in selling and supplying bogus goods. Bank of Ireland customers targeted in new text scam aimed at obtaining bank details  Louise Kelly A new text scam that targets bank customers with an aim to obtain sensitive financial information has come to light. What it says in the papers: business pages  Sean Duffy Here's a look at what it says in the business pages of today's newspapers: Recommended Videos from Most Read Most Shared Most Commented 'The laws of physics would have to be rewritten for these devices' - Three businessmen behind...  Irish Bank of Ireland customers targeted in new text scam aimed at obtaining bank details  Irish Coulson's Ardagh will eye further acquisitions  Irish Goldman Sachs takes larger holding in Providence  Irish Shannon to draw up masterplan to help secure future of airport  Irish Pettitts planning to extend Talbot Hotel in Dublin  Irish Ukraine government hails Ryanair's arrival at Kiev  Irish 'My new friend, a great guy' - President Trump full of praise for Taoiseach as he...  Irish News 'It's so f***ing cruel' - Blogger Suzanne Jackson breaks down after 'worst television...  TV News Well-known boarding school to remain open after significant funds raised  Irish News €2 ferry fares and €110 US flights in St. Patrick's Day flash sales  Deals Bank of Ireland customers targeted in new text scam aimed at obtaining bank details  Irish Dutch PM claims dominating election victory over anti-Islam politician US President Donald Trump WILL visit Ireland during presidency Mike Pence in extraordinary speech about how he owes everything to his Irish heritage Irish-Americans' impression of Ireland has not changed - but now they're looking for different things Promoted articles Editors Choice Also in Business 'The laws of physics would have to be rewritten for these devices' - Three... Three businessmen have been sentenced to 15 months... Bank of Ireland customers targeted in new text scam aimed at obtaining bank... A new text scam that targets bank customers with an aim to... What it says in the papers: business pages Here's a look at what it says in the business pages of today's newspapers: Financial software firm Ion sues over early end to US deal Dublin-based financial software firm Ion Trading is suing Los Angeles-headquartered... Lender Dilosk snaps up performing loan portfolio valued around €60m Specialist lender Dilosk has swooped on a portfolio of... Coulson's Ardagh will eye further acquisitions An ebullient Paul Coulson has insisted that the Ardagh packaging giant he helped to create... Pettitts planning to extend Talbot Hotel in Dublin Wexford's Pettitt family are planning a multi-million euro extension of the Talbot... Ukraine government hails Ryanair's arrival at Kiev Ryanair will launch its first-ever services in Ukraine this October - making it the 34th... Shannon to draw up masterplan to help secure future of airport Shannon Airport is to draw up a new masterplan with the... Former USA Ambassador O'Malley joins Greencore board Former US Ambassador to Ireland Kevin O'Malley has been appointed a non-executive director... #WATCH Take a peek inside one of Dublin's coolest offices - Facebook HQ VIDEO - Social Video Tips: An Interview with Mari Smith, Facebook VIDEO: 'The most awkward thing I've ever seen': Mark Zuckerberg and Bill Gates... There was zero on-screen chemistry when... VIDEO: 'You're from D4, you don't understand rural Ireland' Heritage Bill debated in... 'You're from D4, you don't understand... VIDEO: Apple Pay lands in Irish shops and retailers Want to pay for things with your iPhone or Apple Watch? Apple Pay has finally... WATCH: Take a look inside the brand new €11m Jameson Distillery If you were a lover of the tour experience of... VIDEO: New €47m Slane Distillery set to 'offer superb Irish whiskey experience'... Slane Distillery, a new addition to the Irish whiskey... VIDEO: Check out the latest amazing/terrifying leaping robot from Boston... Meet Handle - the latest robot from technology... WATCH: First look at the new range of Nokia phones The phones were launched at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona VIDEO: 20 years since Dolly's reveal: What is her legacy? It is 20 years since scientists announced the world's first successfully cloned... Press Photographer Association of Ireland (PPAI) awards - winning pictures Press Photographer of the Year 2017 Gerry Mooney - A Portfolio In pictures: Shakira and Forest Whitaker attend annual World Economic Forum (WEF) From magic mirrors to kissing robots - the best from the world's biggest tech show Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day Instagram's most popular accounts - in pictures Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 goes up in flames during lab test in terrifying new pictures Ploughing Championship 2016 Every iPhone ranked: from worst to best By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Dublin Datasec 2017 Tech & Gaming Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Six Nations Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Cheltenham 2017 Cheltenham 2017 Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Baby Loss Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts Search Go
Register Help Today's Posts FAQ Calendar Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Forum Leaders Forum Marketplace Marketplace: 3rd Party Gear If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. Thread: Alexa Plus Package w/ Tons of Extra Cables and Accesories and a DIT Macbook Pro Results 1 to 2 of 2 Thread Tools  Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page… Subscribe to this Thread… Display  Display Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode #1 Alexa Plus Package w/ Tons of Extra Cables and Accesories and a DIT Macbook Pro  Hunter Baker View Profile View Forum Posts Private Message Member Join Date Feb 2011 Location New York, NY Posts 88 03-11-2017, 03:25 PM Alexa Plus Package w/ Tons of Extra Cables and Accesories and a DIT Macbook Pro I'm selling my Alexa Plus which includes lots of extra cables and accesories. Some of these extra cables are brand new in the packaging. Photos Available Here: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/4gqvn795e...I6H4x1pqa?dl=0 1 Arri ALEXA Plus Digital Cinema Camera Arri High Speed License 120FPS / Arri Anamorphic De-Squeeze License / 2k Firmware 1 Arri ALEXA PL Mount 1 Arri ALEXA VMB-1 Viewfinder Mounting Bracket 2 Arri ALEXA Viewfinder Cable Short (0.35mm/1.2ft) KC 150-s 1 Arri ALEXA Viewfinder Cable Medium (0.65m/2.1ft) KC 151-S 2 Arri ALEXA Ethernet Cable (3.00m/9.8ft) KC 153-S 2 Arri XLR Sound Adapter Cable 3 Arri ALEXA 12V Accessory Cable 1 Arri Alexa 12V Accessory Cable (NEW) 1 Arri BPA-1 Bridge Plate Adapter for ALEXA 1 Arri WA-1 Wedge Adapter for ALEXA 2 Arri LB-1 Leveling Block for ALEXA (1 is NEW) 1 Arri BP-12 Bridge Plate Set (19mm) 1 Arri SP-3 Shoulder Pad for ALEXA (not in photos) 1 Arri CCH-1 Center Camera Handle for ALEXA 1 Arri HEB-2 Handle Extension Block for ALEXA 1 Arri ALEXA Anton Bauer Battery Adapter Back for Gold Mount 1 Wedge Adapter for Dock Stye Plate (not in photos) 1 1 Sony Quick Release Doc Style Plate (not in photos) 1 24V AC Power Supply 1 24V 1 Antenna for Alexa Plus 4 64GB Sony SXS Cards 1 Sony SXS Card Reader (not in photos) 1 Sonnet Express Thunderbolt Card Reader 1 24" Thunderbolt Cable 1 Innerspace Case for Alexa Plus 1 DIT Macbook Pro 15″ (1TB SATA Disk Internal Storage / Thunderbolt / FW800) 2.2 GHZ Intel Core i7 (not in photos) 1 Apple MagSafe Power Adapter (not in photos) Asking USD $30,000.00 for the package. Offers welcome. Photos Available Here: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/4gqvn795e...I6H4x1pqa?dl=0 Available in NYC and shipping domestically PM or email for details at hunter.r.baker@gmail.com Thanks, - Hunter     #2   Hunter Baker View Profile View Forum Posts Private Message Member Join Date Feb 2011 Location New York, NY Posts 88 Yesterday, 04:06 PM Still Available! PM or Email For Details @ hunter.r.baker@gmail.com     Quick Navigation Marketplace: 3rd Party Gear Top Site Areas Settings Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home Forums Red Digital Cinema Recon NAB 2016 DRAGON WEAPON RAVEN RED DISCUSSION Crucial Ordnance EPIC-M OWNERS The DSMC System EPIC RED ONE SCARLET REDLINK DEVELOPERS . DSMC FASHION PHOTOGRAPHY . RED Workflow REDCINE-X Red Rocket Apple Workflow DaVinci Avid Workflow Adobe Workflow Other Workflows Tools Assimilate SCRATCH VEGAS workflow Accessories for DSMC RED RAY Post-Production HARDWARE Bugs / Problems / Help! Shooting RED SHOT ON RED Cinematography Audio Royalty Free Music Lens Tests EFP / ENG and RED 3D Marketplace Marketplace: RED Stuff Marketplace: 3rd Party Gear For Rent / For Hire Everything Else Off Topic NAB 2014 NAB 2015 Red Owners Rental Group RedUser User Groups USA -West Asia USA - MidWest USA -East Japan Europe Canada Australian &amp; New Zealand  ANZRUG Middle East Everywhere Else COMPLAINT DEPARTMENT Other Cameras Unboxing « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Tags for this Thread alexa, alexa plus, arri, arriflex, camera View Tag Cloud Posting Permissions You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Contact Us REDUSER.NET Archive Top All times are GMT -7. The time now is 05:54 PM. Copyright 2007-2017. Landmine Media, Inc. Links monetized by VigLink
Sean Hannity  Weeknights, 7pm - 10pm Sean Hannity facebook twitter iphoneapp androidapp Text Us: #30930 Phone: (800) 616 WBEN Business: (716) 843-0600 On Air Listen Live Weekly Schedule Bauerle and Bellavia The Sandy Beach Show The Rush Limbaugh Show The Sean Hannity Show Newsroom Staff Ask The Tax Lady Buffalo Means Business with Buddy Shula The Chris McKay Show Coast to Coast The Financial Guys Show Home Improvement Show with Domenic Cortese Investing Sense Senior Radio Buffalo The Robert Saviola Show Your Family Matters with Dr. Darci Cramer On Demand Newsroom Latest Headlines Breaking National News State News National News World News Business News Entertainment News Health News brought to you by Liberty Home Care Tech News Science News Travel News Off-Beat News Business Buffalo Business News AP Business News Markets Summary Sports 2016 Bills Schedule Buffalo Sports Headlines NHL News NFL News NBA News MLB News Golf News NASCAR News Weather Complete Weather Forecast Closings Flight Information News Alerts on Your Computer Events WBEN Photo Galleries WBEN Events Buffalo Community Events Features Contests General Contest Rules WBEN The Feed Blog Bauerle and Beach Sponsors Brenda's Bites Border Crossing Info Poll Results Archive 1Thing WBEN Mobile Streaming WBEN App powered by Valu Home Centers WBEN Text Alerts Be An Insider | More WBEN NewsRadio 930>Audio & Video on Demand>>Taking NYSEG to Task - Mark Poloncarz Tweet Download Share Taking NYSEG to Task - Mark Poloncarz Mar 12, 2017| Related Audio: 3-15 Robey Radio With Mike Robitaille Audio Wed, 15 Mar 2017   Student Loan Debt - Ryan Burrow Audio Wed, 15 Mar 2017   Weather Discussion With WKBW-TV's Don Paul Audio Wed, 15 Mar 2017   Airport Travel Update - NFTA's Doug Hartmayer Audio Wed, 15 Mar 2017   + Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate) Governor Andrew Cohen has made a call to investigate storm prepped by Rochester gas and electric and I said of course he companion company that handles a good part of the Western New York grid. How does your investigation request differ from that of the governors and what exactly is it that your calling for. Well it really isn't that much different. Rochester gas and electric in New York State electric and gas are companion companies there or buy it or giant parent. They have different areas covered of course has the different names but they are. We've been brought under the same upper management. What we've asked should companion investigation. As to why. He urged electric gestured to respond to a lot slower. Compared to National Grid and National Grid are treated more outages this same area. What mr. Gibson look at as well as basic that they were able to get the best attribute they're. Well there. Put it back out like a lot shorter. We wanted to know did basic follow its actual player that it puts in place with public service commission. Every utility's since superstore chain and he is required to variety. They preparations. Our play into the cage where emergency. We were questioning whether they actually file open play and I have enough equipment and ansari. It's not as if the wind storm. Happened fair I think it read numbers dia October surprise storm. We had the have you watched notre trees downed it in October 2006 and it also went up to our panel that was are expected. That really was what had happened literally. Two hours' notice. Wind storm didn't have been given us two hours notice we knew about it and numbered days in advance because Cuba which storms that were occurring. In the in the great plains and the midwest. So I have a little worried that for whatever reason actually was not ever adequately prepared to handle this. National Grid has almost all the sort of Foster respect outlined. More than a day ago in which to have over a thousand customers in Erie county that don't have power. And we're going on the fifth day since the storms so I'm disappointed in the response and what might signal that. And the governor's Castro investigation with regards to Rochester gas and electric response. In Rochester earlier I think an investigation has more to this all figured about six response in the awful at Western New York area. Well mark what do you expect to happen from your request what action is nice thing obligated to take. Well public service commission has the ability to look at it and and do that remember all utilities are required to. Calm before the public service direction but of them. Can to a rate hike. It's group by the public service department. So the public service department or state has a lot of powers to look into these sort of matters and what they asked does the public service department to look into it. They spoke to the chief of staff are kind of in the public source department. Yesterday. I know he expressed his displeasure to be some of the things are happening. With Rochester gas and electric as well when he saw the west you worked in the Western New York market with basic so I expect the public service department to look into this. And investigate what happened. Did they could've done better. I know you're a person who's been sitting out there for five days. Without any power in a situation where it's wasn't total devastation remember. Actually does not have they're Olympic territory need to generally don't have that awful. Areas in which we're talking about suburbs and rural areas about that these huge well below what Troy area. It's what you see with the city and and what Orleans in her rehearsed that's an actual bridge territory. So what are nobody followed the plant and equipment place. They have adequate resources to deal that. You know and I would hope that C. Cultures department at Cooper and actually to revise their plan because it just they follow their play edited in by guys in the plant was inadequate they need to do more. As you mentioned they're something like dad the neighborhood of 18100 now in Western New York without power through nice thing about 16100 there was an Erie county. And as you mentioned debt quite widespread to a Clarence but also places like Murillo whales were hearing. Still people five days in without power at that can't make hone homeowners happy or you I'm guessing. No it doesn't need to homeowners shortly upset and I upbeat we're talking about some areas where. Individuals don't have water because they rely on well water especially in the southern eastern suburbs are very counties so they lose power they have a backup generator in the water. India and they have water we're worried about these homes because. You have pipes that are freezing and the temperatures. It almost a piece Holmes so that they don't have keeping them right now they're they're probably a little thirty decrease at this point so we're very worried. About the structural damage and some of these homes and help homeowners are gonna have to cover the cost associated with that. Or she goes through your insurance company but there's always deductibles. You know and I just think it's it's our whole school I've been on conference calls with my basically. Remember during a conference call Thursday release of the expected 90% of their. Those little power to be back outlined by. 10 o'clock am Friday evening and don't write very rather conference call which basics that they expect 90% of those who don't have power to be back down by. 11 o'clock on Saturday. They've been DB restoration times restoration to the customers that they pushed back. So are disappointed. Well this is ludicrous little line men and women out there munitions and they're working very hard working reading many hours today. The sort of what people think that criticizing the efforts done by the linemen that are out in the field trying to repair this. I think they're working very hard I just don't think the basic head enough equipment and staff to deal with discrete they have mutual aid. Agreements with other utility companies from over all the countries they could have brought people in from Pennsylvania. They could've brought individuals and from a severe state that we're our are affected. They do have these mutually agreement but that it is best like Intel. They originally brought some people and from a companion. Utility at Maine. But be out there and a certain that they they truly did what they should which is either hire more contractors. Or or greater or request mutually from other utility companies in the northeast it's a little bit slower or faster. I think we've all seen there's been utility outages of of of major. Impact in the past few you'll have somebody from the Pennsylvania utility company working in an area in New York or to have someone brought. Connecticut. Or cut that premier city working in her area because they always help each other these types of emergencies and I'm not certain that really happened to the degree of truth in this region. And if they did follow the plan to repeat that I think they're plant needs to be revised. So that it in the here and that's a bit like this happens again. We don't have to worry about that being without power 560s a wind storm. Either even though it was a significant or as compared to some areas where you have. The bad snowstorms and ice storms which take down all kinds of trees and power lines listed do there it's only two don't solve. We need to get done about over. Well this nice a guy responsibly something that will be tracking along with UN very much appreciate your insight and thoughts on this. Yep thank you its mark on cars the Erie county executive. advertise with us Poll Would you like to see more of President Trump's tax documentation released?   Yes   No   View Results Top Stories Audio Get it Now 03/23/11 10:06 AM Posted 2184 days 9 hrs 9 mins ago WBEN iPhone App 03/23/11 10:06 AM Posted 2184 days 9 hrs 9 mins ago Perks 03/23/11 10:06 AM Posted 2184 days 9 hrs 9 mins ago Contests 03/23/11 10:05 AM Posted 2184 days 9 hrs 10 mins ago Photo Galleries 03/23/11 10:07 AM Posted 2184 days 9 hrs 8 mins ago RSS Center 03/23/11 10:07 AM Posted 2184 days 9 hrs 8 mins ago Contact Us   |   Advertise With Us   |   Jobs   |   EEO Public File   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Contest Rules   |   Internships   |   Copyright Notice
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Sunday shows SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Dem senator: Trump at zero credibility after wiretap claims Senate — 0s ago Trump to name coal lobbyist as deputy EPA chief: report Blog Briefing Room — 14m 44s ago Maddow's Trump's tax return reveal delivers 4.1 million viewers for MSNBC Media — 19m 8s ago Irish proverb shared by Trump might actually be from a Nigerian poet: report Blog Briefing Room — 42m 38s ago House votes to make it easier to fire VA employees for misconduct Floor Action — 1h 1m ago Obama reportedly spending a month in French Polynesia Blog Briefing Room — 1h 5m ago GOP leaders want details before funding Trump’s border wall Senate — 1h 30m ago Dem rep asks White House for Sebastian Gorka's immigration papers Blog Briefing Room — 1h 30m ago view all   GOP lawmaker: Let's not create a new version of ObamaCare By Olivia Beavers - 03/12/17 09:50 AM EDT 36   © Moriah Ratner Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio), a founding member of the House Freedom Caucus, said on Sunday that he will vote against the current Republican healthcare proposal. “I’m not for this plan, and I think there is a lot of opposition for this plan in the House and the Senate,” Jordan told "Fox News Sunday" host Chris Wallace." “I don’t plan for voting for the plan as introduced by the Speaker ... it went through the committees and not one single amendment was allowed to be offered. That is not how the process is supposed to work,” Jordan continued. Jordan insisted the bill in its current state fails to keep the Republican promise to “pass a clean repeal” of ObamaCare. “We said we were going to repeal it, so let’s do that,” Jordan told "Fox News Sunday" host Chris Wallace. ADVERTISEMENT “The key is, let’s do what we told voters we are going to do and repeal ObamaCare, and not create a new version of ObamaCare,” Jordan added. Jordan slammed the plan, saying it “doesn’t unite Republicans” because it does not bring down premiums, properly distribute tax credits, or make health insurance affordable. “There’s a reason why every major conservative group is opposed to the Speaker’s plan,” Jordan said while listing off the numbers of other Republican lawmakers in the upper and lower chambers who also oppose the bill. Jordan also expressed optimism that a full replace bill would pass, because this time it would land on President Trump’s desk instead of former President Barack ObamaBarack ObamaDem senator: Trump at zero credibility after wiretap claims Obama reportedly spending a month in French Polynesia Overnight Cybersecurity: Trump standing by wiretapping claim | Cyber gets boost in Trump budget | Bad bots on the rise | McDonald's Twitter hack MORE's, as one did in 2015. “The White House is open to changes … we’re looking at changes consistent with what we told the American people,” Jordan said.  --This report was updated at 10:31 a.m. Tags Barack Obama Sunday shows   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 McDonald's tweets to Trump: 'You... A tweet from the McDonald's corporate account called President Trump "a... 1,007 Shares 2 Violent threats against the... OPINION | The media is playing favorites, and Americans notice.  563 Shares 3 The 19 federal agencies Trump... President Trump’s budget blueprint proposes eliminating 19 federal... 305 Shares 4 CNN’s Chalian: Trump ‘looked like... President Trump "looked like a third grader" trying to “squirm out of a... 278 Shares 5 White House defends proposed cuts... "We can’t spend money on programs because they sound good," budget... 256 Shares 6 New York police chief pans Trump's... The police chief said Trump's proposed budget would especially hurt his... 229 Shares 7 GOP leaders want details before... “We’d like to see what the plan is before we write a big check,” Rep.... 215 Shares 8 Flynn took money from multiple... President Trump’s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn,... 214 Shares 9 Dem rep asks White House for... Rep. Jerrold Nadler (D-N.Y.) is asking the White House to hand Trump aide... 207 Shares 10 Sean Hannity once pointed a gun at... The incident allegedly occurred off-camera last October on Hannity's Fox... 206 Shares 11 Irish proverb shared by Trump... President Trump on Thursday met with Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny in... 206 Shares 12 Congressional reporter for... The congressional reporter for the conservative Independent Journal Review... 199 Shares 13 GOP senator: EPA 'brainwashing our... Sen. James Inhofe (R-Okla.) is accusing the Environmental Protection... 171 Shares 14 Dem lawmaker: Trump might've... The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee suggested Thursday... 139 Shares 15 Nervous GOP senators rooting for... A growing number of GOP senators are hoping the House fails to pass its... 139 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Friday | March 17, 2017 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest   Trump team knew Flynn’s suspicious role SHARE : Special Correspondent Tweet WASHINGTON - A lawyer for former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn told the Trump transition team before President Donald Trump took office that Flynn might have to register as a foreign agent because of his work for a Turkish client. White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said that Flynn’s represen-tative reached out to the transition team about potentially registering with the Justice Department because his lobbying work may have benefited the government of Turkey, but Spicer said the transition lawyer viewed it as a personal matter and not an issue for transition officials to decide. Spicer also rejected the notion that Flynn’s lobbying work for a client with ties to Turkey’s government should have raised red flags about Flynn’s appointment as Trump’s top national security adviser. He said Flynn had “impeccable credentials” to serve in that role.”We trust people to fill out the appropriate forms,” Spicer added, when asked whether other Trump advisers also might be lobbying on behalf of foreign governments. Trump fired Flynn last month for making misleading statements to Vice President Pence and others about his discussions with Russia’s ambassador to the United States. But documents Flynn filed this week with the Justice Department raised fresh questions about his ties to the Turkish government, even as he was serving as top adviser to Trump’s presidential campaign. His now-shuttered firm, Flynn Intel Group, earned $530,000 last year for work on behalf of Inovo BV, a Dutch firm, whose Turkish founder has ties to Turkey’s President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Tweet More by Special Correspondent RELATED NEWS February 14, 2017, 9:39 am Trump national security adviser Flynn resigns December 20, 2016, 11:32 am Ajit Doval, Trump NSA-Designate Flynn Discuss Indo-US Strategic Ties November 18, 2016, 6:32 pm Trump aide Flynn for security chief’s job December 21, 2008 McIntosh, Flynn century stand lifts Kiwis MORE IN INTERNATIONAL March 16, 2017, 9:57 pm Trump calls for privatising air traffic control operations March 16, 2017, 7:42 pm Queen authorises British PM to begin Brexit March 16, 2017, 6:11 pm Anti-austerity protests break out across Brazil March 16, 2017, 5:45 pm France school shooting: What we know Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented Only one party loses out in Musharraf’s Four-Point ... 'Meteor' causes panic in Pakistan's mountainous north FIA traces '11-member gang of blasphemers' Pakistan Navy successfully test-fires surface-to-air missile Posters in Indian village ask Muslims to leave days after ... 'Billion tree tsunami' surges across KP Nisar calls out West’s ‘hypocrisy’ amidst blasphemy ... Political parties agree on 2-year extension for military ... LATEST COMMENTS neutral Another mile-stone by the KP government. Hope, all support them instead of being jealous. Appreciate where it is due. Keep it up Mr Khatak and Kaaptan. neutral Millions of cases are dumped in the civilian courts and for years. Out of sheer necessity, if they have agreed to have Military courts, let them work without obstructing their function. Meantime, the ... Eddied More delusional conspiracy theories from this supporter of Houti rebels, Hamas terrorists and Hesbollah militants...clearly being paid by the Iranian ayatollahs to blame the west for all problems in t... More On Page 11 ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS neutral Another mile-stone by the KP government. Hope, all support them instead of being jealous. Appreciate where it is due. Keep it up Mr Khatak and Kaaptan. neutral Millions of cases are dumped in the civilian courts and for years. Out of sheer necessity, if they have agreed to have Military courts, let them work without obstructing their function. Meantime, the ... Eddied More delusional conspiracy theories from this supporter of Houti rebels, Hamas terrorists and Hesbollah militants...clearly being paid by the Iranian ayatollahs to blame the west for all problems in t... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2017, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
