Go Tuesday 24 January 2017 News Nigeria Africa World Metro French presidential favourite Fillon paid wife as aide 29 mins ago  World Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons The military and Nigeria’s security 17 hours ago  Editorial Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Imo Air born, to be operated by Dana 26 mins ago  Aviation Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Samsung says Q4 profits up 50% despite Note7 recall 16 hours ago  Gadgets Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Barca chief relaxed despite Messi speculation 5 hours ago  Football Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts 'La La Land' grabs record 14 Oscar nominations 4 hours ago  Film Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Doubt over Everest's true height spurs fresh expedition 5 hours ago  Science More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Breaking News Kidnappers release kidnapped students, teachers Technology  |  Technology   BMW deploying self-driving 7 series fleet to roads this year By Bloomberg   |   23 January 2017   |   4:22 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email BMW BMW AG will dispatch a fleet of autonomous vehicles to U.S. and European cities in this year’s second half, the next step in its partnership with Mobileye NV and Intel Corp. to introduce fully self-driving vehicles by 2021. The German automaker will put 40 of its 7 Series sedans on the road and train them to drive in urban areas, Klaus Froehlich, BMW’s head of development, said in an interview. The goal is to apply the gathered data toward producing the iNext, which will supplant the 7 Series as the BMW brand’s flagship model and be capable of full autonomy four years from now. Automakers and technology companies are rushing to form partnerships to compete against the likes of Alphabet Inc.’s Google, which has clocked 2 million self-driving miles on public roads, and Tesla Motors Inc., with 1.3 billion miles of data from Autopilot-equipped vehicles. BMW is appealing to other carmakers to adopt its approach to help shoulder research costs, speed development by sharing data and ensure they don’t become also-rans. “Those who reach the finish line before you will have their tech become the basis of standardization,” Amnon Shashua, Mobileye’s co-founder and chief technology officer, said in an interview. “This is why sharing is important.” BMW will be following Uber Technologies Inc. and Volvo Cars in putting autonomous cars on the road, with the latter two companies partnering on test vehicles in Pittsburgh and Arizona. Other carmakers have been reluctant so far to heed BMW’s call for adopting its platform. Rival Daimler AG has said it prefers to develop its own technology. Mobileye shares rose as much as 4.4 percent to the highest intraday in three months and traded at $42.12 as of 1:12 p.m. in New York. Costly Technology Enabling vehicles to navigate without human input through cities requires them to see and understand complex situations more like people do. Jerusalem-based Mobileye brings expertise in cameras that model the surroundings while Santa Clara, California-based Intel wields computing capabilities to power artificial intelligence. The companies released details Wednesday in conjunction with CES 2017, the consumer-technology show in Las Vegas. “If everybody would use the same network, it will be best,” Froehlich said. “At the beginning, I think only premium cars will be able to afford such technology.” Carmakers could participate by buying sensors to install in their cars, or go deeper with equipment that helps crowd-source data from an autonomous-vehicle fleet, said Kathy Winter, vice president and general manager of Intel’s Automated Driving Division. While Munich-based BMW’s main target is individual car owners, the technology will be available for ride-sharing fleets as well, Froehlich said. Auto manufacturers are pushing into so-called mobility services like car-sharing and ride-hailing to counter alternatives to private vehicle ownership. Partnerships Form BMW, which co-owns the DriveNow car-sharing venture with Sixt SE, will be jockeying for consumers’ attention against the likes of Uber, Ford Motor Co. and Volkswagen AG, among others. Google, which separated its self-driving car project into a new unit called Waymo last month, plans to start a ride-sharing service using semi-autonomous minivans made by Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV as soon as the end of 2017. VW is rolling out Moia, a new division that will focus on ride-sharing. Revenue from car-sharing is projected to surge more than sevenfold to 4.7 billion euros ($4.9 billion) by 2021, according to a study by Boston Consulting Group Inc. Robo-taxis will make up 40 percent of automotive profits by 2030, more than selling vehicles to individuals, according to consulting company Roland Berger. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: BMWMobileye NV You may also like Samsung blames Galaxy Note 7 fires on faulty batteries 1 day ago  Technology Robot cars to descend on 10 sites U.S. names as proving grounds 2 days ago  Technology Toronto’s Bunz Facebook group to stop taking members, push app 2 days ago  Technology Latest Imo Air born, to be operated by Dana 29 mins ago  Aviation French presidential favourite Fillon paid wife as aide 33 mins ago  World 2017 Budget: $42 crude oil benchmark will create room for savings in ECA -Commission 59 mins ago  Business News Kidnappers release kidnapped students, teachers 1 hour ago  Breaking News Spotlight Osinbajo inaugurates MSMEs clinics, booklet to boost business activities 1 hour ago  Nigeria More   Communication FUPRE prepares students for industrial sector jobs 4 days ago 1   NCC begins enforcement of #5m fine over SMS 4 days ago   WTL says VoLTE will improve voice traffic growth 4 days ago   Airtel plans exclusive VVIP for touching lives season three premiere 4 days ago   SWIFT adopts Blockchain as global payment initiative 4 days ago   Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment Fine Art: Metal The Next Judge Dredd Comic Sounds Mad Max As Hell Batman Is Teaming Up With One Of His Biggest Comic Book Inspirations For A New Miniseries Cosplay's Unlikely Anime Bondage Stars [NSFW] Esports Smash Bros. Match From Weekend's Tournament Is Some Epic Anime Shit Smash Bros. Players Infuriated Over Surprise Setting Tweak At Big Tournament Counter-Strike Pro Wins Epic Shootout Against The Entire Enemy Team  The Weekend In Esports: League Of Legends And Genesis 4 Return Xbox Here's 21 Minutes Of Ghost Recon: Wildlands Twitch Stream Follows Five GTA 5 NPCs Wherever They Go, No Matter What They Do Grand Theft Auto Online Trolls Vs The Million-Dollar Car Get An Xbox Elite Controller Today For $129 PlayStation How The Last Guardian Makes You Care About A Bird Dog Download PlayStation 4 Games Faster With One Small Tweak Target Is Selling Yakuza 0 For $59 Kingdom Hearts 2.8 Gives Us A Taste Of Kingdom Hearts III, And It's Good Nintendo Miitopia Is Nintendo's Wonderfully Strange Take On JRPGs I Am Setsuna Is A Nintendo Switch Launch Title Man Finds Wii U Kiosk In Gamestop Dumpster What We Know About The Nintendo Switch's Low-End Graphics PC Overwatch's Lunar New Year Event Is Now Live, Here's What's In It What You Need To Know About The Sims 4 Vampires A Year Later, Yandere Simulator's Dev Says Twitch Still Hasn't Explained Ban So That's Why Doom's Hell Has So Many Candles Mobile Samsung's Galaxy S8 Won't Appear Until March The Creator Of Fruit Ninja Has A Brand New Video Game The Galaxy Note7 Blew Up Because Of The Batteries Samsung Will Finally Explain What Happened To The Galaxy Note7 In Real Life What Games Are You Playing To Cope With Stress? Isaac Asimov's Foundation Set The Stage For Modern Science Fiction JB Hi-Fi's Resident Evil 7 Displays Are Pretty Great Off Topic: The Best BBQ Food Retro The 9 Best Tennis Games ScribbleTaku 80s Gaming Nightmare Returns To Haunt Us All ScribbleTaku Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro Download PlayStation 4 Games Faster With One Small Tweak Smash Bros. Players Infuriated Over Surprise Setting Tweak At Big Tournament The Ring Girl Crawls Out Of Department Store TV, Frightens Shoppers DOOM, Dishonored 2 And Watch Dogs 2 Are Going For A Bargain Razer's Updated Blade Stealth Is A Fine Macbook Air Replacement Alex Walker Jan 24, 2017, 10:00am ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories blade stealth laptops razer Share Image: Kotaku/Alex Walker Last year, the unthinkable happened. I was in Taipei for Computex. I'd just walked into a group press conference ready to take notes and transcribe. I opened up my Macbook Air and ... half the screen was blank. In between interviews, my screen died. So like many people, I waited most of 2016 hoping Apple would announce a serviceable replacement for the Macbook Air. But they never did. So over the last month, I've been using Razer's similarly-priced answer: the latest Razer Blade Stealth laptop. What Is It? Image: Kotaku/Alex Walker Unlike the gaming focused, and vastly more expensive Blade Pro, the Blade Stealth is an ultrabook targeted at students, creative professionals and other industries in the market for a "productivity" device. Starting from $1499.95 for the 128GB model with 16GB DDR4 RAM and a 12.5" 1440p display, the Blade Stealth ranges up to $3000 for the model with a 4K screen and 1TB of storage. You're venturing into Blade Pro territory there, however, so it's really a laptop aimed at those considering a Macbook Air or a Surface Pro. The pitch is that you're paying about the same amount for the Razer Blade Stealth, but you're getting much more modern hardware. The baseline model comes with Intel's latest Kaby Lake processor, the i7-7500U CPU (2.7GHz/3.5GHz) with the integrated HD Graphics 620. There's 2 USB 3.0 ports on the laptop and a Thunderbolt-3 USB-C port, which doubles as the laptop's charging port. Extra benefits include Bluetooth 4.1 support, touch screens on all models, built-in webcam, speakers, a HDMI 2.0a port, a 3.5mm microphone/headphone combo jack, a 64-bit install of Windows 10 and wireless functionality. All models come with a IGZO panel for the screen, although only the 4K Blade Stealth screens will support 100% Adobe RGB (the baseline models are only rated at 70% Adobe RGB, which photographers and editors might want to consider). The whole unit weighs 1.29kg and is 1.31cm x 32.1cm x 20.6cm, which is delightfully small. It's not the smallest ultrabook you can find, particularly given what was shown at CES this year, but it travels easily enough. The 12.5" screen is also just the right size that you can pull the Blade Stealth out on the train or bus and continue working without having to worry too much about the seat in front of you, although it's a fraction too large for those hoping to do a bit of red-eye typing in cattle class. Razer's also bundled in support for their Chroma lighting software so you can get a funky rave going on your keyboard, although more on that later. What's It Good At? Image: Kotaku/Alex Walker Intel's integrated graphics have come a long way. While the HD 620 is no match for some of last year's beefiest titles, like DOOM or Battlefield 1, you can get around 30fps in Overwatch if you play at 720p and turn the resolution scale down a bit. Other games, like Civilization 5 and Stardew Valley, are perfectly playable. And if you dabble in a bit of Dota 2 or League of Legends, you'll be able to get through a match without screaming at the monitor. The gaming power is really just a bonus, though. The Blade Stealth is all about productivity first, with a bit of gaming on the end. And it's a great laptop for typing on, once you become accustomed to the reduced profile of the keys. It's not a mechanical keyboard, but it's comfortable enough after long typing sessions. The Razer Synapse software is more than just lighting profiles though. It's disabled by default, but you can enable Synapse to track how many keys you've pressed, the average keystroke distance, how many macros you use, and it maintains stats for individual games as well. It'll track your mouse movement in game too, which is probably more helpful for the Blade laptops with discrete GPUs than it is the Blade Stealth. And the core aspect of any laptop, especially one with the Macbook Air in its sights, is the quality of the trackpad. It's not as good as Apple's creation - few are - but it's accurate enough, especially after you bump up the default sensitivity by a couple of notches. It's not quite as clever when it comes to detecting your palms, which results in some "Where's Waldo's Mouse Cursor" moments. But as far as a Windows-powered trackpad goes, it's serviceable enough. And the 45W supplied USB-C charger is also reasonably small, which is a hugely helpful considering you'll never want to leave home without it. Oh and while some might argue that laptops are all about the hardware, the Blade Stealth is a real stylish piece of hardware. People don't often buy laptops for the look, but the Blade Stealth is pleasing on the eye, especially when the keyboard and back logo have that soft, green glow. (Or whatever other colour you prefer.) What's It Not Good At? Images: Razer Kaby Lake might be the epitome of Intel's 14nm processors, but if you were hoping for the glory days of 12, 13, 14 hours battery life you're gonna have a bad time. With the Chroma lighting going, the in-built network manager for the Killer wireless card and the automatically enabled Dolby Digital Plus software, the Blade Stealth chews up battery fast. Playing a game or watching a video will drain your battery in a couple of hours. When typing, editing photos and doing my regular day job, the standard battery life was around six hours. The USB-C port can also be used to power Razer's separate graphics dock, the Razer Core. Problem is, the Razer Core isn't available in Australia. And even when it is, you're still paying hundreds of dollars for a basically a dock that houses a GPU, which you have to either purchase or have automatically lying around. (And most people don't have spare GPUs chilling in their closet.) As much as Razer wants to pitch the Blade Stealth as a gaming device, the HD 620 isn't really that practical as an all-round gaming laptop. Games released in the last couple of years will generally hit around the 30fps mark, which isn't the sort of performance you'd want for twitch shooters or games relying on fast reaction times (like a F1 2016). If you stick to indie titles, and older AAA games (think around 2013-2014), you'll be perfectly fine. I praised the trackpad earlier, but something it's not great at is palm recognition. It's all too easy to end up clicking on something accidentally because your hand has brushed over the trackpad mid-sentence. I'd also avoid using the touchscreen if you don't like fingerprints; the glossy surface means you'll be easily reminded of just how greasy your fingers are. Should You Buy It? Image: Razer Before the turn of the year, I strongly considered buying my own Razer Blade Stealth. I wasn't going to pay the several hundred dollars to have the panel on my Macbook Air replaced. I loved that laptop to bits, but Apple hardware costs enough as is the first time around. So I started seriously considering the Razer for two reasons: the Kaby Lake CPU with an integrated GPU, which would be enough for older games like Dungeon of the Endless or Risk of Rain, and the fact that it came in at around the same price point. Getting an i7-7500U with 16GB of RAM for $1500 is a solid deal when you consider the current Dell XPS 13 costs just under $1900, and only has the i5-7200U and 8GB of RAM. The Blade Stealth will also have a faster processor than the XPS 13 2-in-1 model when that becomes available in Australia. The higher end model does outperform the Blade Stealth slightly, as Gizmodo found, but it'll cost you $1614 for a 128GB model with 8GB of RAM. The same version with a 256GB SSD will set you back $1699, and the starting price for an XPS 13 with an i7-7500U is $1954. The extra money isn't really worth it, for me. Not having to deal with the XPS 13's chunky proprietary charger is a plus as well; the Blade Stealth's USB-C charger is relatively small, and it'll only become more versatile in the years to come. It does mean that you can't charge the Blade Stealth and use the USB-C port at the same time, but that issue never cropped up once in my testing. The sticking point for most people will be the battery life. Both the XPS 13 and the Macbook are vastly superior, and it's something you'll need to factor in if you're a regular traveller. But that can be managed by thinking ahead, and you can eek extra juice out of the machine once all the Chroma lighting is disabled. Razer's laptops have always been a joy to use, even if they weren't quite perfect. But the Blade Stealth now has one other notch under its belt: it's reasonably priced, considering the hardware inside and the cost of its competitors. I won't say it's the ultimate ultrabook for gamers who need to work first and play second. But it's satisfying to use, travels well and is neatly designed. That's a good package for $1500, and it's a good looking package at that. Comments labrys @labrys Jan 23, 2017, 3:11pm I've had my eye on the stealth to replace my 2011 MBA when it eventually dies. So this is the perfect review for me. :) Battery life is a bit of an issue but usually my MBA is plugged in so I can probably live with it. I do like Razers pricing structure on this with the only difference between the laptops being the screen and the size of the hard drive. I love my MBA keyboard and trackpad though. The best I have ever used so if Razers aren't in that league it could get annoying quickly. I do love the idea of the Core though. Being able to turn the laptop into a gaming PC by simply plugging it in is fantastic. It means I can get one device to do everything I need. And I have to say I have always had a question mark on Razer's quality. It just always seems to fall a bit short and from reviews on amazon this is the same here which gives me pause in getting one. Reply 0 ted @ted Jan 23, 2017, 7:24pm I was foolish enough to buy a Razer keyboard, mouse, headset and (expensive) mouse pad all in one go a few years back. Never again. Terrible build quality, constant issues with the keyboard especially and Razer support ignored every email I ever sent them. Reply 0 labrys @labrys Jan 24, 2017, 9:09am Yeah I've heard many similar stories. My mate's Razer mouse just died on him and it was only a couple of years old. My Cyber Snipa Striker mouse has lasted me around 7 years with no problems. I don't think the company even exists anymore and the mouse keeps going. My wife bought me a pair of Razer Headphones for Christmas since my Logitech G35s died so I will be interested to see how long these last me. These quality issue stories are what have prevented me getting Razer mice and keyboards in the past. Reply 0 Zombie Process Guest Jan 23, 2017, 10:40pm Funny story - I bought a "New" Razer Blade 2016 while I was attending WWDC in San Francisco last year. I've been an Apple fan since the mid-90s, and even worked for them from 2005-2010. But damn if I was not tired of waiting for something worth while that would replace my 2013 MBP. So I bought the Blade..and I love it. It's not a total MBP replacement, but in some ways it comes close (disregarding battery life, but I have a 12 retina MB for that). And it has no problem playing modern AAA games, which my MBP really won't do. I'm a developer, but increasingly need to work cross platform. The MBP has been good, but the latest versions don't give me enough to warrant the $4000 it would cost. Apple makes great hardware.. or did.. but I wish they'd wake up to the world around them and give us something really compelling. Reply 0 matt1234 @matt1234 Jan 24, 2017, 11:03am Razer laptops are great quality - I've had a Razer blade 14 for about 2 years now and it's left on 24/7. I take it to work and travel both domestic and overseas with it, it is also my only home PC and plugged into my TV for media centre and gaming. I've even upgraded the ssd drive for more storage and installed win 10, I haven't had it stuff up once. The only downsides i will give it is * Noise - when gaming it gets quite noisy, and i mean NOISY (but better that than overheating, and it's quiet during normal use) * Fingerprint magnet Last edited January 24, 2017 11:04 am Reply 0 Matt50 Guest Jan 24, 2017, 12:04pm This looks perfect! for someone who wants 16GB of ram, this looks to work out way cheaper than a mac. just a shame about the battery life. I consider that a critical stat (given it is meant to be a portable computer after all). would be good if they could have a slightly thicker, heavier version with a bigger battery. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now What We Know About The Nintendo Switch's Low-End Graphics Alex Cranz 23 Jan 2017 11:00 AM The Nintendo Switch looks like it might be complete weaksauce when compared to the best consoles from Sony and Microsoft. But the real question is. Does that matter? Probably not. Don't Have Kids Mark Serrels 23 Jan 2017 10:30 AM So for the last two weeks, my PlayStation 4 hasn't been working. To be more precise, it was refusing to play discs. Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Subscribe to the #staticpodcast Static Podcast: The Best Of Season Four Kotaku's Static Podcast: The Interviews Kotaku's Static Podcast: Are Game Reviews Redundant Or Important? Kotaku's Static Podcast: Does eSports Have An Image Problem? Trending Articles 1 What We Know About The Nintendo Switch's Low-End Graphics 2 Don't Have Kids 3 Download PlayStation 4 Games Faster With One Small Tweak 4 Smash Bros. Match From Weekend's Tournament Is Some Epic Anime Shit 5 PS4 Fans Are Baffled As To Why Sony Is Promoting Crappy-Looking Games The Godzilla Sequel Has Found Its Director Watch How Fossils Get Cleaned And Prepared Peter Thiel Gains New Zealand Citizenship As Tech Elites Prep For Doomsday All Arrival and No Deadpool: The Oscar Nominations Are Here Overwatch's Lunar New Year Event Is Now Live, Here's What's In It Samsung's Galaxy S8 Won't Appear Until March Smash Bros. Match From Weekend's Tournament Is Some Epic Anime Shit What You Need To Know About The Sims 4 Vampires Netflix Makes It Easy For Android Users To Save Movies To An SD Card Dealhacker: UberEATS Can Deliver Free Ice To Your Door This Australia Day The Best Google Play Music Tips And Tricks You May Not Know About Self Control, The Brute-Force Distraction Blocker, Lands On The iPhone You should never wash your jeans -- here's how to clean them TONY ROBBINS: How to pull yourself out of a funk STOCKS HIT ALL-TIME HIGHS: Here's what you need to know Here's how long you should keep your tax filings, pay stubs, and other important financial records © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
Top Events NBA NFL MLB NHL NCAAF NCAAB Soccer Menu Sports Illustrated Sports Illustrated Sports Illustrated twitter Search Close Watch Photos Podcasts Vault Shop Subscribe Search Close My SI Menu NFL News Scores Schedule Standings Stats Fantasy Odds MMQB External Link NBA The Crossover Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds NCAAF News Scores Schedule Rankings Standings Stats Odds Campus NCAAB News Scores Schedule Rankings Standings Stats Odds MLB News Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds Soccer News Scores Schedule Standings NHL News NHL 100 Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds Golf External Link Mustard Swim External Link NFL News The MMQB External Link Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds News Scores Watch Photos Podcasts Reporters My SI Logout Login Register Shop External Link Sports NFL Down News The MMQB External Link Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds NBA Down The Crossover Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds College Football Down News Campus Rush Scores Schedule Rankings Standings Stats Odds College Hoops Down News Campus Rush Scores Schedule Rankings Standings Stats Odds MLB Down News Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds Soccer Down News Scores Schedule Standings NHL Down News NHL 100 Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds Golf External Link MMA Fantasy Sports Racing Down News The Drive Tennis Olympics Down News Meet Team USA Medal Tracker Schedule And Results Boxing High School Features Extra Mustard Swimsuit External Link Tech & Media Edge Vault External Link Longform External Link Sportsperson SI Network Fansided External Link SI Kids External Link SI Play External Link 120 Sports External Link Golf.com Tee Times External Link NFL New technologies of Super Bowl 51: Cameras expected to elevate FOX's broadcast Quickly Advanced cameras strategically placed in the rafters of NRG Stadium in Houston will add a completely new element to FOX's broadcast of Super Bowl LI. Share twitter Tom Taylor Sunday January 22nd, 2017 There’s no doubt about it—these days, watching the Super Bowl on television beats being there. Sure, dropping $2,500 on a ticket for the sake of being able to say I was there might be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, but fans tuning in from home on Feb. 5 might be treated to a far richer experience than those on the ground. This shift happened when the yellow first-down line debuted on our screens in 1998. Almost two decades later, in a world is augmented by technology that puts almost anything at our fingertips whenever we want it, there is still no first-down line at an actual game—except perhaps on the Jumbotron. But no one goes to the Super Bowl just to watch a TV, even a really big one. The biggest upgrade to the FOX broadcast feed this year comes courtesy of Intel. The Silicon-Valley tech company aims to provide as many as two dozen player’s eye view clips from the game, a feature called “Be the Player.” The feature, based on its 360 Replay technology, models the real world so that virtual views from any location can be generated. “Now you are able to do something that fans have always wanted to do,” says Jeff Hopper, general manager of strategy and marketing for the Intel Sports Group. “We’ll be able to position this virtual camera view in a way where it looks like you’re seeing what the player saw.” NFL Brotherhood of Brady: The lifelong connection between the QB and his receivers Intel has installed 38 5K cameras high above the field at NRG Stadium in Houston, bolted onto the building’s metal structure. Pointed downwards, these cameras operate more like sensors, feeding visual data back to a rack of servers elsewhere inside the stadium. Working together, those servers can digitally reconstruct the 3D world of the game, representing real objects using 3D pixels, known as voxels. To reduce the data processing load—around one terabyte for a 15 to 30 second clip—during a game many of the features inside the stadium, including the field itself, are pre-rendered by the servers. Only moving objects like the players need to be added in real time. When FOX sends a request—perhaps for a quarterback’s view from the pocket during a crucial play, or a linebacker’s view from the other side of the ball—two Intel staffers will take over. The system’s pilot will operate a virtual camera, choosing where and when to position the viewpoint in the 3D reconstruction. The navigator will package the visual feed from the pilot into a clip that can be relayed back to FOX. The whole process will take a couple of minutes, so don’t expect instant replays yet. This year the system will be used to show fans what players see, but ultimately any viewpoint is possible. “Any player or referee on the field, you can have that view,” Hopper says. The league is unlikely to ever want to let fans see what officials see, because that would only fuel controversies over questionable calls, but Intel 360 Replay could eventually be used to help get decisions right. “The technology is actually very well suited to official review,” Hopper says. “I think over time we’ll see it being used more and more for official reviews.” Taking over the role of the pilot, an official could don a virtual reality headset and re-run a play from multiple angles to determine exactly what happened. And Hopper expects that eventually the short clips we’ll see at Super Bowl LI to expand, and that fans at home might also be able to take control of the virtual camera themselves. “In a few years it’ll be real time, it’ll be certainly full game, and it will fundamentally change how fans engage in sports content,” he says. “There will be a Super Bowl someday in the future were it’s being captured in this new media format and millions of fans all over the world will be able to run their own virtual camera, and see the plays and the field and the action from any angle, any way they want to.” When that day arrives, will anyone want to deal with the cost, the travel and the inconvenience of seeing the action in real life? Tags super bowl 2017 Super Bowl 51 Super Bowl LI super bowl technology nfl playoffs nfl playoffs 2017 nfl playoff bracket More NFL We've Got Apps Too Get expert analysis, unrivaled access, and the award-winning storytelling only SI can provide - from Peter King, Tom Verducci, Lee Jenkins, Seth Davis, and more - delivered straight to you, along with up-to-the-minute news and live scores. App Store Google Play Easy to Read A clean presentation that helps you get everything you need to be in the know. Personalized Find the stories and scores that matter most to you. Fast Get lightning-fast scoring alerts as they happen. App Store Google Play Sports Illustrated twitter Contact Subscribe Subscribe Customer Service Site Map Advertising Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices © 2017 Time Inc. All Rights Reserved. ✕ Already a Member? Log In Email Address Enter valid email address Password Remember Me Forgot Password? Not A Member? Sign Up Now Forgot Password close Please enter your email address associated with the account so we can help reset your password.   Email Address Enter valid email address Not a Member? Sign Up Already A Member? Sign In Stay up-to-date with the latest news and scores from your favorite teams anywhere and get customized notifications, special offers and much more First Name Last Name Email Address Enter valid email address Zip Code Please enter zip code for newsletter signup Password Must be at least 6 characters and contain a number and an uppercase and lowercase letter Confirm Password Passwords must match Newsletter Sign Up SELECT ALL The trusted voice in sports straight to your inbox. Weekdays The trusted voice in sports straight to your inbox. Weekdays Hot Clicks, viral videos, pop culture and more. Weekdays Hot Clicks, viral videos, pop culture and more. Weekdays In-depth NFL coverage from Peter King & The MMQB. Weekdays In-depth NFL coverage from Peter King & The MMQB. Weekdays Your destination for all things Swim. Tues / Thurs / Sat Your destination for all things Swim. Tues / Thurs / Sat Personalized daily email with your favorite topics (sports and entertainment). Daily Personalized daily email with your favorite topics (sports and entertainment). Daily From the Friendly Confines to your inbox: Everything you need to know about the Cubs. Weekly In Season From the Friendly Confines to your inbox: Everything you need to know about the Cubs. Weekly In Season By signing up, I agree to the Sports Illustrated Terms of Use. I acknowledge that I have read the Privacy Policy. For further information, please contact customer service at 1-888-806-4833 or write to Sports Illustrated Customer Service | Attention: Consumer Affairs | 3000 University Center Drive Tampa, FL 33612-6408. Welcome to your personalized SI You have successfully created your Sports Illustrated Account. Manage Profile Continue to SI.com My SI Settings Favorite Teams Edit You currently have no favorite teams. Favorite Reporters Edit You currently have no favorite reporters. Manage Profile Log Out close Manage Profile close Basic Info First Name Last Name Email Address Enter valid email address Change Password Current Password Enter your current password New Password Must be at least 6 characters and contain a number and an uppercase and lowercase letter Show Password Sports Illustrated treats this information with care and respect. For details, review Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Edit Favorite Teams close Remove or add teams to and from your list of favorites Teams In Your Area Add more favorite teams from the list below based on your geolocation My Teams Search Close Local Teams NFL NCAAF NBA NCAAB MLB NHL No team results found. Show League List Edit Favorite Reporters close Remove or add reporters to and from your list of favorites My Favorite Reporters Add Reporters ✕ Newsletter Sign Up The most trusted voice in sports delivered straight to your inbox. Sign up now to receive Sports Illustrated's best content, special offers and much more. Email Address Zip Code SELECT ALL The trusted voice in sports straight to your inbox. Weekdays The trusted voice in sports straight to your inbox. Weekdays Hot Clicks, viral videos, pop culture and more. Weekdays Hot Clicks, viral videos, pop culture and more. Weekdays In-depth NFL coverage from Peter King & The MMQB. Weekdays In-depth NFL coverage from Peter King & The MMQB. Weekdays Your destination for all things Swim. Tues / Thurs / Sat Your destination for all things Swim. Tues / Thurs / Sat Personalized daily email with your favorite topics (sports and entertainment). Daily Personalized daily email with your favorite topics (sports and entertainment). Daily From the Friendly Confines to your inbox: Everything you need to know about the Cubs. Weekly In Season From the Friendly Confines to your inbox: Everything you need to know about the Cubs. Weekly In Season By signing up I agree to the Sports Illustrated Terms of Use. I acknowledge that I have read the Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from email communication at anytime. Submit For further information, please contact customer service at 1-888-806-4833 or write to Sports Illustrated Customer Service | Attention: Consumer Affairs | 3000 University Center Drive Tampa, FL 33612-6408. ✕ Success Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox to confirm your email address and start receiving newsletters.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: ENTREPRENEUR Guest Everything you need to know about corporate venture capital in Europe Omar Mohout January 22, 2017 11:08 AM Tags: corporate venture capital, Europe, Omar Mohout Image Credit: Maksym Poriechkin Corporate venture capital (CVC) is an investment by a corporate (fund) into external startups in order to make a financial return or to gain a competitive advantage. CVC is a polarizing subject and opinions are divided. Fred Wilson from Union Square Ventures believes that it’s evil and corporates should not invest in startups but simply buy them. While Marc Andreessen from Andreessen Horowitz on the other hand is co-investing with corporations such as General Electric. Whatever the opinions are, fact is that CVC is on the rise, also in the old continent. In order to get a good overview of the scene, Sirris.be, the non-profit I work for that maps European technology scaleups, recently looked at all of the European tech companies that have raised at least $1 million in 2016 from corporates. The data (which you can view here) is comprised of $17 billion funding and more than 1,650 transactions from 31 countries. Additional input came from the Corporate Venturing Europe group. How big is the CVC impact in Europe? Corporates have been involved in at least 292 deals worth $4 billion in investments in 2016. The biggest investment was $398 million in Africa Internet Group by AXA and Orange. While the European scaleup ecosystem is strongly oriented towards B2B, CVC investments are more balanced: 51 percent in B2B and 49 percent in B2C companies. The majority of CVC are balance sheet investments, although there is a trend towards dedicated corporate venture capital funds. CVC funds are often exclusive to a single corporation, although there are also CVC funds that are co-investments of companies that have complementary activities, such as Aster Capital, which was jointly created and funded by Alstom, Schneider Electric, and Solvay Rhodia. We even see co-investments from competitors, such as the Belgian SmartFin Capital fund, where competing banks (Belfius and ING) participated. Especially notable is that a third of CVC funds active in Europe are from the US. As for the size of CVC funds, 8 percent are under $10 million; 15 percent are $10 – $50 million; 23 percent are $50 – $100 million; 31 percent are $100 – $500 million; 8 percent are $500 million –  $1 billion and; 15 percent are over $1 billion. CVC funds account for 11 percent of active investors (VC accounts for 51 percent), making it a viable source of capital for cash-hungry scaleups. France is the European CVC champion With 67 deals and more than $1.1 billion of capital raised involving corporations in 2016, France leaves Britain (61 deals, $984 million) and Germany (55 deals, $710 million) behind. As a result Paris (50 deals) is the corporate venture city of Europe followed by London (46) and Berlin (32). The Nordic, once again performs well, with Stockholm (13) and Oslo (9 deals) on position 4 and 5. In fact 29% of all investments in Norway have corporates involved. The usual suspects: Salesforce and Intel Salesforce Ventures (11 deals) and Intel Capital (8 deals) are the most active investors leveraging their CVC funds for extending their ecosystem and reinforcing their core offerings. Salesforce is focused on investing in scaleups that are an extension of its platform, often marketing tech companies. It co-invested in French Augment and Dutch Emark. Salesforce Ventures was involved in $286 million of investments in Europe last year. Intel invests across a wide number of industries, including automotive, software development, manufacturing, supply chain, virtual reality, and Internet of things. It always co-invests with other VCs and CVCs. Intel Capital was involved in $223 million of investments. Both Salesforce and Intel made a significant investment in Sigfox, a French provider of Internet of Things connectivity. Sigfox raised a $161 million series E with participation of Total, Tamer Group, and Air Liquide. A less obvious investor: The French state-owned national railway company SNCF is one of the most active CVC investors in Europe investing strategically in new technologies and innovative business models in the mobility space, with five deals amounting to $43 million. Its investments include OnePark (a parking market place), Allocab (a private driver market place), and LuckyLoc (a rental car market place). SNCF invests alone or in combination with other CVCs such as insurance company Allianz. SNCF’s most spectacular investment is Navya Tech, an autonomous vehicles manufacturer that bagged $32 million from other corporate investors Valeo (automotive spare parts) and Keolis (transport group). The industry that attracted the highest number of CVC investments: FinTech It should be no surprise that FinTech saw the most CVC investments last year, as this is the most funded industry in Europe. FinTech scaleups received 42 deals worth $499 million from 48 corporate investors. The most active CVCs in the FinTech space are Orange (French telco) and Allianz (German insurance company). FinTech (including InsurTech) accounts for the highest number of specialized CVC funds active in Europe such as CommerzVentures, ABN AMRO Digital Impact Fund, Anthemis Exponential Ventures, American Express Ventures, Santander InnoVentures, Axa Strategic Ventures, DB1 Ventures, InnovAllianz, Allianz Ventures, and Chinese CreditEase Fintech Investment Fund. Some surprising FinTech investors are pharmaceutical companies Merck and Pfizer, which invested $13 million in Spanish Storm, a Point of Sale device provider that offers a gateway for merchants to connect with their main stock suppliers. Another remarkable CVC is the World Bank, which co-invested with Peter Thiel in German Kreditech, a scaleup offering Credit-as-a-Service to underbanked consumers. And lastly, betting company Betfair invested in Moneybox, which is targeting millennials with saving and investment services. As for the buzzword of 2016 — blockchain — Santander, KfW, Allianz, Groupe Duval, and Thomson Reuters invested in blockchain scaleups Elliptic (UK), Bitwala (Germany), SmartAngels (France), and Funderbeam (Estonia) for a total of just $12 million. The other buzzword of 2016, artificial intelligence, saw investments from Axel Springer, Allianz, Convoy, and Taipei Fubon Bank, which invested in AI-focuses FinTech scaleups such as Clark (Germany), MoneyFarm (Italy) and Nutmeg (UK) for a total of $74 million. Surprisingly, except for Nutmeg, there were no CVC investments in FinTech business models based on robo-advisors. Nine FinTech scaleups received CVC funding while graduating from an accelerator: three from Finleap, two from Seedcamp, two from Startupbootcamp, one from Microsoft Accelerator, and one from L’Atelier BNP Paribas. They collectively raised $120 million. Autonomous vehicles, automotive, and mobility With the fast changing mobility landscape and the race to autonomous vehicles, it’s not surprising that a number of incumbents want to safeguard their position by investing in promising technology or innovative business models. More than $536 million is been invested in mobility and automotive related scaleups. Intel Capital invested together with Renault and Robert Bosch in French university spin-off Chronocam, a computer vision technology provider, to make autonomous vehicles a reality. Intel has even bigger plans in 2017 by investing in Here, a German autonomous vehicle technology provider owned by the car-maker consortium of Audi, BMW, and Daimler. Porche invested in car parking company Evopark. Volkswagen invested in Hubject, an “eRoaming” platform that aims to connect EV charging stations. Founded in 2012, Hubject already counts BMW, Bosch, Daimler, and Siemens among its owners. PSA Peugeot Citroën invested in Koolicar, a French scaleup that allows people to share or rent vehicles without the need to exchange keys. Daimer invested in Berlin-based Blacklane, a platform connecting passengers with professional drivers. Daimler also invested in the first weeks of 2017 in London-based Starship Technologies, creator of self-driving futuristic-looking delivery robots. Swedish connected cars scaleup Springworks received two rounds of funding in 2016 from mobile network operator Telia. Schmitz Cargobull, a German manufacturer of semi-trailers, trailers, and truck bodies, invested in Truckin, a platform that connects trucking companies with shippers, freight forwarders, and drivers. Energy and utilities Another quickly changing landscape is energy. The European Union aims to make renewable energy 20 percent of its overall energy supply by 2020. Norway is a heavy producer of renewable energy, with the vast majority of electricity production generated by hydropower. Norwegian Statkraft Group, Europe’s largest generator of renewable energy, invested last year in Swiss DEPSys, German Tado (as a co-investment with Siemens), and Norwegian Greenbird. Electricity producers such as German E.ON and French Engie invested in German Thermondo, UK Bboxx, and French IoT scaleup Connit. A group of oil giants (Chevron, ConocoPhillips, and Statoil) invested in Scottish Lux Assure, which develops chemical monitoring technologies. Total, on the other hand, invested in FinTech (Particeep) and IoT (SigFox). Finnish Rocsole, developer of a 3D-imaging enabling accurate process control leading to savings in process chemical and energy consumption, received funding from Shell and Repsol. General Electric invested in both the Series C and D of German Sonnen Group, manufacturer of transportable intelligent lithium storage systems. Houston-based Envision Energy also participated in the $93 million investment that Sonnen raised in 2016. Also GE invested, together with Ericsson, in IoT startup Resin.io from London. Artificial intelligence According to Frost & Sullivan’s study “The future of Europe,” there’s an increasing shift towards the cognitive era where devices are getting smarter and smarter. This shift is particularly Eurocentric. Even Silicon Valley giant Google made its largest acquisition by investing in UK-based DeepMind. Similarly, IBM made Munich its headquarters for AI research and applications. Many companies are trying to get on the AI bandwagon, and machine learning is probably the buzz word of 2016. Artificial intelligence and data analytics scaleups received $354 million of investment across 41 deals from corporate investors — specifically AdTech (i.e. sales and marketing automation platforms) scaleups using advances algorithms and data. Consider German AX-Semantics, which creates semantic software that automatically generates text content based on data only. It can create 30,000 stories per day in multiple languages. It received $5.4 million funding from media companies Müller Medien Group and NWZ Digital. Then there’s Cambridge-based Luminance, promising to free lawyers to focus on what matters by using artificial intelligence to provide forensic insight into a company. It received funding from Slaughter and May, a London-based international law firm and a member of the Magic Circle of elite British law firms. Portuguese DefinedCrowd combines crowd-as-a-service and machine learning to accelerate enterprise data training and modeling. It received funding from Microsoft, Sony, and Amazon. Bottom line: The European CVC market is in good shape The European corporate venture capital market is flourishing, with France and UK in the lead. The 2016 landscape is marked by an increasing number of industries using corporate venture capital to get ahead in the game. This is fertile soil where many young companies can receive support during the critical phase of upscaling. Alternatively, a startup can help a corporation to step away from its own paradigm by accessing a new R&D layer. Corporate venture capital has a bright future in Europe and will gain influence in the coming years. Omar Mohout is a former tech entrepreneur turned startup adviser. He works with Belgium-based Sirris, is a board member at Startups.be, and is also professor of entrepreneurship at the Antwerp Management School. He has written a few books for startups, including Lean Pricing. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Navigation gHacks Technology News The independent technology news blog Home Header Menu Home Windows Software Firefox Chrome Google Android Email Deals Best of Support Us Return to Content How to update Intel hardware drivers By Martin Brinkmann on January 22, 2017 in Windows - Last Update:January 23, 2017 17 Intel Driver Update Utility is a free program for Microsoft Windows devices to search for, download, and install Intel driver updates. It is usually a good idea to keep drivers up to date, especially if newer drivers improve the old or add new features that you may be interested in. While there is certainly something to "never change a running system" as well, driver updates may improve a component's performance, stability or other parameters such as temperature. If you want to update Intel hardware, you can head over to the Intel website to download the latest driver versions from there manually. This works, but requires work on your part. You need to identify the hardware and installed driver version first, and then find the right driver that is provided for it. Note: The program is quite heavy when it comes to the installation of services, tasks and such on the system. We have added information and uninstallation instructions at the bottom of this article. Intel Driver Update Utility Intel's Driver Update Utility streamlines the process. It allows you to scan the PC for Intel hardware, and driver updates for those components, download them afterwards to install them in the end. It supports the following components currently: Graphics drivers Audio drivers for Intel Desktop Board Wireless Networking drivers Wired Networking drivers Chipset INF Intel NUC drivers Intel Compute Stick drivers Intel Desktop Boards drivers The program is really easy to use. It displays an intro screen on start. You may click on the settings button there to change download directories, the maximum number of concurrent downloads, the log level, and the language of the application. A click on start scan runs the scan. It should not take longer than a couple of seconds to complete. The results screen that opens list the operating system that the Intel Driver Update Utility detected, as well as new driver versions for hardware of the device. It may list multiple drivers for a device, but only one is selected. This is usually the latest driver, but you are free to download other drivers that the tool displays on the screen. You may even switch to the "older drivers" tab to download select older versions of drivers for the hardware, or generic drivers. The program displays the driver name, installed and latest version of the driver, as well as a description and compatibility information. You may change the download directory manually there as well before you hit the download button to download the selected Intel drivers to the local system. Downloads are saved to an IntelComponents directory. You may install downloaded drivers directly from the Intel Driver Update Utility, or by executing the driver files directly from the download directory instead. A restart is usually required before the process completes. Other features Intel Driver Update Utility has a couple of other features of interest. First, you may open the history to check on any driver that you downloaded using it in the past, and check whether it was installed or not. Driver updates can be removed from the history, but they are kept on the local system. The second option allows you to search for Intel drivers manually. This is a bit complicated, as you cannot just key in the components name, or part of it. You need to select the product line, operating system, and the actual product name from a list of suggestions. Drivers are only provided for Intel desktop boards, Intel NUC boards, and the Intel Compute Stick.  This means that it is usually better to head over to the Intel Download Center site directly to search for and download drivers this way. Intel Driver Update Utility uninstallation Intel's program installs several services, scheduled tasks, and a driver during installation. Some are clearly marked as Telemetry, others seem to monitor the system and supposedly help system performance. You don't get a say in what gets installed, and what does not. While you can opt out of the customer improvement program, scheduled telemetry tasks are still run. Services: Energy Server Service queencreek -- Intel(r) Energy Checker SDK. ESRV Service queencreek Intel(R) System Usage Report Service SystemUsageReportSvc_QUEENCREEK -- Intel(R) System Usage Report Service SystemUsageReportSvc_QUEENCREEK eUser Energy Server Service quencreek -- Intel(r) Energy Checker SDK. ESRV Service queencreek Tasks: USER_ESRV_SVC_QUEENCREEK -- no description Intel\Intel Telemetry 2 -- Uploader for the Intel(R) Product Improvement Program. The program creates folders on the system on top of that: Program Files\Intel\SUR\QUEENCREEK Program Files\Intel\Telemetry 2.0 Program Files\Intel Driver Update Utility Program Files (x86)\Intel Driver Update Utility Last but not least, it installs a new driver semav6msr64. Not all items may be removed when you uninstall the program.  I suggest you check Services, Scheduled Tasks, and the folders listed above manually to make sure everything was removed. If not, delete those manually. To remove the driver, do the following: Tap on the Windows-key, type cmd.exe, hold down the Shift-key and the Ctrl-key, and hit the Enter-key. This launches an elevated command prompt. Confirm the UAC prompt. Type sc delete semav6msr64 and hit the Enter-key. type   Now You: Do you update drivers? Summary Author Rating 3 based on 9 votes Software Name Intel Driver Update Utility Operating System Windows Software Category Administration Landing Page http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/support/detect.html Please share this article About Martin Brinkmann Martin Brinkmann is a journalist from Germany who founded Ghacks Technology News Back in 2005. He is passionate about all things tech and knows the Internet and computers like the back of his hand.You can follow Martin on Facebook, Twitter or Google+ View all posts by Martin Brinkmann → You are here: Home > Windows > How to update Intel hardware drivers Time to upgrade those Windows 10 version 1507 machines Context Menu Tuner review Responses to How to update Intel hardware drivers CHEF-KOCH January 23, 2017 at 12:40 am # Or via DUMo. Reply 420 January 23, 2017 at 2:47 pm # DUMo What a pile of crap, could not even install 1 update, click anything and you get taken to a buy screen. Reply CHEF-KOCH January 24, 2017 at 6:00 am # Yeah and Intel's utility is better ... Telemetry + it not detect anything if you not installed any Intel msi installer driver packages but the pure drivers only. Great tool! /sarcasm. Daryl January 23, 2017 at 1:16 am # It isn't recommended to update CPU hardware on a notebook, is it ? Updating NVidia GPUs is fine, but on board Intel CPU/GPU, WiFi cards and the like... Shouldn't they be updated from the notebook's manufacturer ? I know it was the case some years ago, has it somehow changed and notebook manufacturers sorted this out with hardware companies like Intel ? Reply Herman January 23, 2017 at 5:46 am # Just tried it on one of my pc's. Found only a graphics driver that was slightly out-of-date. It downloaded an updated version and installed it. I will say, if it works well, it will save a lot of time especially on systems that have a lot of Intel devices. I wonder if it will work after a system "downgrade" from Windows 10, back to 7. Like, there are no up-to-date drivers on the machine but you know it has three or four Intel components. Will be interesting to try. Navigating through the Intel site can sometimes be confusing and more often than not I take a good guess based on what I wrote down prior to a system format/install or change of operating system. I'll retain this tool and see how it works in the field. Reply Anonymous January 23, 2017 at 6:50 am # Intel Driver Update Utility is good for desktop PCs but not for Laptop PCs where you need to download drivers from OEM sites. Reply Haakon January 23, 2017 at 7:04 am # Nice. My i7 Z77 Intel HD drivers were seriously out of date. NOTE: Even if one opts out of that data sharing invite during the install, an "Intel System Usage Report" (SurSvc.exe) connects out (eleasticbeanstalk, comodoca and akamai in my SW USA local). SurSVC is the service "SystemUsageReportSvc_QUEENCREEK" set as Automatic and Started. I don't see anywhere it can be disabled form within the GUI. So, stop the service, set as Disabled. Block the exe in the firewall of your choice for good measure. Only the Driver Update Utility (driverupdateui.exe) needs connectivity. Thanks Martin. Reply 420 January 23, 2017 at 2:51 pm # I had that queencreek crap too, ended up searching the registry for it and deleted globallogger and something else, I forgot what, deleted 2 globallogger entries and 2 of something else, then rebooted and it was finally gone. Got to love intel for giving you something that starts every boot and has no way to get rid of except extreme measures. Reply Haakon January 23, 2017 at 7:56 pm # WOW. Since I posted that up, my first observation as a result of the outbound alerts I got, I got around to noticing a bunch of other crap Intel stuffed into my system. So I returned to post up. I've cleansed my system of it and needless to say, I'm not installing the HD driver update either. I am not at all surprised at how many others found and did likewise and posted up. Herr Brinkmann has the most astute and conscientious followers on teh webbernetz! I check in on ghacks every day. (Yes, for this I have all ad blocking disabled. In my browser and RSS reader.) Tschüß! Reply Me January 23, 2017 at 7:16 am # Updating Intel drivers was always a pain in the ass, either Windows kept it's own driver for the Intel hardware or the Intel one didn't get updated in most of the occasions. It always needed some manual interference to get them updated and even then. I never saw a real improvement in performance for any of these Intel drivers so i don't bother anymore. My systems runs fine as it is on stock drivers. Reply Pete January 23, 2017 at 2:16 pm # This is what this piece of **** program installs: Files & folders: Program Files\Intel\SUR\QUEENCREEK Program Files\Intel\Telemetry 2.0 Program Files\Intel Driver Update Utility Program Files (x86)\Intel Driver Update Utility Control Panel: Intel Product Improvement Program Scheduled Tasks: USER_ESRV_SVC_QUEENCREEK Intel\Intel Telemetry 2 (is enabled even if you disable Product Improvement Program) Services: Energy Server Service queencreek Intel(R) System Usage Report Service SystemUsageReportSvc_QUEENCREEK User Energy Server Service queencreek Driver: semav6msr64 @Martin: You should start examining the programs you promote in these articles. This one was even easy to spot doing shady stuff (installer visibly installing a service and asking to join a "Improvement Program"). Better yet, you should monitor what the programs actually install. Uninstalling seems to get rid of everything, except "semav6msr64" driver. Reply Martin P. January 23, 2017 at 2:43 pm # I concur on the "extra" components that Intel installs with this driver updater. I had the very same experience with it. Got rid of this crapware and cleaned up everything it populated on my system right after trying it. Not what I expected at all but it seems that Intel decided to adopt the Microsoft way for their software distribution, all for the "benefit" (read loss) of users. Martin, don't blame yourself too hard on this. I'm sure many unsuspecting users got burned the same way. Suggestion: Update your article to warn users about the hypocrisy of Intel alongside the steps needed to remove the damage done by this piece of ****. Reply Pete January 23, 2017 at 2:54 pm # Problem updating this article; the users who already read it and installed this garbage, probably won't see this article again. -> publish a new article about this, then all will see the critical information. Pete January 23, 2017 at 2:49 pm # After you have normally uninstalled the program, to get rid of the "semav6msr64" driver: 1) Open command prompt (maybe needs admin command prompt) 2) Type & enter this command: sc delete semav6msr64 Reply Me January 23, 2017 at 2:16 pm # doesn't work behind proxy though :-( Reply AAA January 23, 2017 at 5:13 pm # They say, "If it ain't broken, don't fix it." :) Reply Rotten Scoundrel January 23, 2017 at 6:40 pm # Be careful. ASUS M80TA tablet we use for Netflix found and installed "System" software and it trashed the touch. Not a lot you can do on a tablet without touch. Had to use an OTG cable and keyboard to roll it back. I rate Intel software quality just a little below msoft software. Bumbling dopes at best. Good thing was the roll-back also had no knowledge of the crappy Intel stuff. Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Your Name Your E-mail (will not be published) Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Subscribe / Connect   Ghacks Technology Newsletter   Ghacks Daily Newsletter Advertisement Advertisement Recent Updates Yahoo Auctions Japan Proxy Services WinServices Windows 10 Privacy Tools Windows Updates overview MemTest 5.0 Firefox, DRM, end of NPAPI Fix Slow updates on Windows 7 Battery Aid 2 for Android Google Public DNS HDD Guardian 0.7.1 Random Software Review Qatapult is a Great Looking Keyboard Launcher for Windows Topics Apple Development Facebook Games Ghacks Hardware Internet Internet Explorer Linux Microsoft Mobile Computing Music And Video Networks Opera Security Tutorials Partner Sites Advertisement About Ghacks Ghacks is a technology news blog that was founded in 2005 by Martin Brinkmann. It has since then become one of the most popular tech news sites on the Internet with five authors and regular contributions from freelance writers. Information About Contact Disclaimer Rss Feeds Privacy Policy We Use Authors Martin Brinkmann Alan Buckingham Kevin Dearing © 2017 gHacks Technology News. All Rights Reserved.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Camera  |  News  | Microsoft Surface Pro 5 2-in-1 with 4K Display to Launch in Q1 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 2-in-1 with 4K Display to Launch in Q1 2017 The upcoming Microsoft Surface Pro 5 will be a 2-in-1 laptop with a 4K Ultra HD display and a magnetic charging stylus. By: Rohit Arora Updated: Monday, January 2, 2017, 19:50 [IST] Microsoft is gearing up for an all new Surface Pro machine in the year 2017. The US tech giant is said to be working on a new version of its Surface Pro laptop, which is set to arrive in the first quarter of 2017, most probably by April 2017. As per reports, the Surface Pro 5 will be manufactured by Pegatron Electronics and the 2-in-1 laptop will come with a 4K Ultra HD display and a magnetic charging stylus, possibly an improved version of Surface Pen. The current generation Microsoft Surface Pro 4 uses the latest sixth-generation "Skylake" Intel processors, and the Surface Pro 5 is expected to come with Intel's Kaby Lake Core i7 processor paired with 512 SSD for internal storage. SEE ALSO: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 vs Surface Pro 3 Released in India Today: Which One is Best for you? As noted, the Surface Pro 4 supports Windows Hello face authentication using the camera as well as a fingerprint sensor on a new Type Cover for the Surface Pro 4. Microsoft is expected to equip the Surface Pro 5 with the same or improved security features. We can also expect Microsoft to improve the Surface Pen, which is designed exclusively for the Surface series of devices and is used for effortless training and drawing. This Pen comes with three buttons and a tip. SEE ALSO: Renders of the Upcoming Microsoft Surface Phone Leak Online Besides, a lot have been said about the Surface phone and 2017 might be the year Microsoft launches the smartphone. Some recent leaks suggest that the phone will be laden by a plastic body with three capacitive hardware keys on the front for back, home, and Bing search. On the back, there is Microsoft logo and camera module, and it looks far more similar to the previous Lumia devices Saturn ring. On the specification side, we might see a 5.5-inch Quad HD display, a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor running the show in support with 6GB of RAM. Read More About microsoft | surface pro | laptops | mobiles | news | pc | technology Story first published: Monday, January 2, 2017, 15:30 [IST] Other articles published on Jan 2, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Facebook can make us isolated, narrow-minded: Study Honor 6X is launching today in India; Watch the live stream here Samsung Galaxy S8 launch expected on March 29 Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Meizu to launch the MX5S model smartphone soon Samsung to launch its first smartphone with Tizen 3.0 OS Smartphone user in India tops 300 mn: Report Google statrts testing its Android Instant Apps feature iBall unveils Slide Nimble 4GF tablet with 4G and 3GB RAM at Rs. 9,999 LeEco announces irresistible offers on SuperTVs and accessories Swipe Elite Power to be launch via Flipkart on January 31 US President appoints Ajit Pai as Chairman of FCC HTC U Ultra sapphire variant will be up for pre-orders by mid-February Android 7.0 Nougat for Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 is out now Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Lenovo P2XOLO Era 2XVideocon Virat V3BCiBall 2.4H Supremo B3Coolpad Cool1 DualLYF Water 3Karbonn Titanium Vista 4GAsus ZenFone Go 4.5 LTE (ZB450KL)Karbonn K9 Viraat 4GLYF Wind 7SVideocon Bazoomba6 V2SBAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KLLenovo K6 NoteSwipe Elite MaxZTE Nubia N1 Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Traffic Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News It's Only Money Oregon & the Economy Playbooks & Profits Silicon Forest Window Shop Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Basketball Swimming Wrestling Back to Main Menu Basketball Swimming Dance and Drill Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Back to Main Menu The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments In wake of Measure 97, tech contemplates a role in Oregon's future Print Email Mike Rogoway | The Oregonian/OregonLive By Mike Rogoway | The Oregonian/OregonLive The Oregonian Email the author | Follow on Twitter on January 22, 2017 at 5:06 AM, updated January 22, 2017 at 9:04 AM comments "You can have a voice, if you choose to stand up and do the work." -- Diane Fraiman, Voyager Capital Oregon's tech industry awoke last fall, roused from its preoccupation with microprocessors, cloud computing and social networking to oppose a ballot initiative that would have shouldered businesses with billions in new taxes. The techies got their way - voters soundly defeated Measure 97 on Nov. 8, preserving the status quo in a state that has some of the lowest business taxes in the nation. The same election, though, left Oregon's schools among the worst funded in the United States. That was something the tech industry acknowledged and suggested it would address last fall, if only Measure 97 would go away. With the Legislature convening in Salem for the start of its session, though, there's little sign Oregon's largest and most vital industry will follow through. "Now the tech community has a choice. People know where we stand on this," said Bill Lynch, co-founder of Jive Software, now a vice president at Portland startup Cloudability. "But are we going to collectively do what we probably implied we would do?" Some other Oregon industries dismiss the notion of higher business taxes, arguing instead that the state needs to address Oregon's public pension crisis. Even without Public Employee Retirement System's $22 billion unfunded liability, though, the state's schools would be some of the nation's poorest. It's not that tech doesn't care, said Diane Fraiman, a partner with Voyager Capital, the investment firm most active in Portland's startup scene. "They're too busy, heads down, they never really realized anyone was going to listen to them," Fraiman said. Many have moved to Oregon from bigger cities, she said, and underestimate the influence they could have here. Like many others in the Oregon's tech sector, Fraiman accepts the need for more public revenue - along with pension reform. She said the tech community as a whole doesn't recognize it has a role in the conversation unfolding across the state. "The beauty of being in a state this size is you can effect change," she said. "You can have a voice, if you choose to stand up and do the work." Tech and policy There are at least three main reasons why tech has such a low public profile in Oregon: It's fragmented: The hardware manufacturers out on the Sunset Highway in Washington County have little interaction with the software and web services startups in downtown Portland. Though Intel is the state's largest private employer, the chipmaker's work is highly specialized and there's little cross-pollination with other Oregon tech companies. Outposts dominate Oregon tech: Oregon has no big tech companies of its own. Intel, Hewlett-Packard, Amazon, Google and many others have substantial outposts here, but their headquarters take little interest in the politics around their satellites. And they don't encourage regional managers to engage in local politics. It's new: New residents and young people don't know how the game is played, and how much impact they can have. Beyond lobbying for tax breaks, Oregon tech has rarely engaged in broad public policy discussions. It's a young, fragmented industry dominated by large, out-of-state companies and a growing cluster of startups. In many ways, the sector is essentially cut off from the rest of the state, more oriented toward the Silicon Valley than the Silicon Forest. Even so, tech is Oregon's single most important industry, nearly as crucial to the state's economy now as wood products were in its peak four decades ago. Tech provides nearly 12 percent of all the state's wages, according to data from the Oregon Employment Department. The timber industry is tied to Oregon education through the Common School Fund, state lands managed to benefit schools. Tech has not sought to cultivate its own connection to the schools, though it relies heavily on education to attract workers and their families to the state and to train new generations of skilled employees. While Oregon's economy is growing rapidly - and the tech sector is booming - the funding picture for the state's schools is actually getting worse. Ballooning health care and pension costs, coupled with relatively slow growth in tax revenue, mean Oregon is facing a $1.8 billion deficit in the coming two-year budget cycle. In December, more than 100 civic and business leaders convened at the annual Oregon Leadership Summit, hashing out the state's looming budget shortfall and growing pension crisis. The tech sector had just one representative - a vice president from online security company Tripwire. He spoke on a panel on public-private partnerships, a narrow topic unrelated to the big issues facing the state. Intel, Oregon's largest private employer, rarely talks about the state's broader issues and declined comment for this article. The company depends heavily on higher education to support its Oregon work force, though. Intel relies on Portland Community College to train the technicians who run its Hillsboro factories, and sends hundreds of employees to Portland State University for continuing education programs. Meanwhile, the chipmaker enjoys property tax breaks worth more than $100 million a year in Washington County, where it employed 19,500 before a series of job cuts began last spring. (Intel won't say how many work there now.) Tech donations opposing Measure 97 As of early November, opponents had raised $25.9 million to fight Measure 97, while supporters raised $16.4 million. Tech companies contributed just over $1 million to the campaign against the tax initiative; no big Oregon tech names donated to the campaign to win passage. Comcast: $465,000 Amazon.com: $175,000 CenturyLink: $100,000 Jive Software: $100,000 Intel: $50,000 Act-On Software: $35,000 Navex Global: $20,000 Consumer Cellular: $10,000 SureID: $10,000 Jay Haladay (former CEO of Viewpoint Construction Software): $5,000 Frontier Communications: $5,000 New Relic: $5,000 Smarsh: $2,500 Cloudability: $2,500 Voyager Capital: $500 Intel used to boast of its Oregon corporate tax bill, which averaged more than $50 million a year at the turn of the century. After helping push through a change in the state tax formula that likely eliminated nearly all of its Oregon corporate taxes, Intel stopped talking about its income taxes. Intel notwithstanding, Oregon tech leaders say they aren't necessarily opposed to new taxes on their businesses. "Our general philosophy is that the state could use more revenue dollars," said Jim Gochee, chief product officer for New Relic, a San Francisco online analytics company that employs more than 300 at its engineering office in downtown Portland. New Relic opposed Measure 97 and donated to the "No" campaign, but Gochee said the company would gladly pay higher Oregon taxes in a less severe structure than last fall's initiative, which would have raised $3 billion a year in new taxes. "Tech is very forward thinking," Gochee said. "We need highly educated people and the schools need to be very solid." Still, Gochee said New Relic won't lead the fight on education or any other public policy matter: "If someone invited us to collaborate and participate we would do it." That's a common thread among Oregon technologists: they want something done about the schools, but won't take charge of the discussion. A 2015 analysis by The Oregonian/OregonLive found the state ranks No. 38 nationally in educational achievement, plagued by a low graduation rate and by student spending that falls 16 percent below the national average. "There is more revenue needed," said Skip Newberry, president of the Technology Association of Oregon, which opposed Measure 97. That was the first time in memory TAO (or its predecessor, the Software Association of Oregon) had taken a position on a statewide issue. It was silent in 2010 on Oregon Measures 66 and 67, which raised taxes to stabilize public coffers after the Great Recession. Ahead of the legislative session, TAO is preparing a document to compare Oregon's taxes and spending with similar states. The organization won't be leading the conversation on revenue and spending, Newberry said, but does hope to take part in the discussion by comparing Oregon to other states. "A part of what we'll be focusing on is what are the states that are doing well as far as funding, with stable sources, their school systems," he said. Lynch, Jive's co-founder, stood out during the Measure 97 campaign for speaking out in favor of the initiative. He agrees with colleagues who argued that it was a flawed proposal, but said he backed it in hopes of more schools funding - and possible legislative fixes. Even in failure, though, Lynch said the initiative was unusually effective in capturing the tech community's attention. That could pay off, he said, if it triggers more involvement. "That's why I think the 97 defeat was such a turning point," Lynch said. "OK. That was done. A lot of passion. Now, can we leverage any of that stuff into some good outcome?" -- Mike Rogoway; twitter: @rogoway; 503-294-7699 Inside Silicon Forest About Mike Rogoway Email Mike Rogoway Follow @rogoway Most Read Active Discussions About Us About OregonLive.com Our Journalists Contact the newsroom Join our team Frequently Asked Questions Subscriber Services Advertise with us Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Videos Weather Sitemap & search Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Gresham Portland Washington County Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Classifieds Jobs Autos Rentals Real Estate Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Local Deals Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mettler-Toledo International Inc. (MTD) Position Held by Opus Point Partners Management LLC inContact Inc. (SAAS) Position Maintained by Clearline Capital LP Viacom Inc. (VIAB) Shares Sold by Clearline Capital LP Rivernorth Capital Management LLC Invests $39,353,000 in Liberty Allstar (USA) OLD Mission Capital LLC Purchases 199,729 Shares of SIBANYE GLD-ADR (SBGL) OLD Mission Capital LLC Acquires Shares of 67,257 National Grid PLC (NGG) OLD Mission Capital LLC Purchases Shares of 198,555 Sasol Ltd. (SSL) Endologix Inc. (ELGX) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK) Bonds Trading 1.3% Higher Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc. (IONS) Position Increased by Virtus ETF Advisers LLC Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Has $60,716,000 Stake in Citigroup Inc. (C) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Cuts Position in NextEra Energy Inc. (NEE) Lagoda Investment Management L.P. Takes Position in Baidu Inc. (BIDU) Ziff Brothers Investments L.L.C. Sells 1,290,428 Shares of Groupon Inc. (GRPN) Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC Cuts Stake in Jabil Circuit Inc. (JBL) Becton Dickinson and Co. (BDX) Position Lowered by Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Acquires Shares of 1,817,961 T. Rowe Price Group Inc. (TROW) 410,421 Shares in Ubiquiti Networks Inc. (UBNT) Acquired by Lagoda Investment Management L.P. Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC Continues to Hold Stake in Stryker Corp. (SYK) 6,668 Shares in AutoZone Inc. (AZO) Acquired by Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. Sells 20,072 Shares of Intel Corp. (INTC) January 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. reduced its position in shares of Intel Corp. (NASDAQ:INTC) by 10.7% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 167,208 shares of the chip maker’s stock after selling 20,072 shares during the period. Intel Corp. makes up about 0.9% of Sumitomo Life Insurance Co.’s portfolio, making the stock its 20th largest position. Sumitomo Life Insurance Co.’s holdings in Intel Corp. were worth $6,312,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Mechanics Bank Trust Department raised its stake in shares of Intel Corp. by 14.0% in the second quarter. Mechanics Bank Trust Department now owns 89,328 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $2,930,000 after buying an additional 10,975 shares during the last quarter. Nikko Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its stake in shares of Intel Corp. by 37.5% in the second quarter. Nikko Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 109,200 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $3,487,000 after buying an additional 29,800 shares during the last quarter. Brookstone Capital Management raised its stake in shares of Intel Corp. by 17.9% in the second quarter. Brookstone Capital Management now owns 8,834 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $290,000 after buying an additional 1,342 shares during the last quarter. Adams Asset Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Intel Corp. by 7.4% in the second quarter. Adams Asset Advisors LLC now owns 201,860 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $6,621,000 after buying an additional 13,888 shares during the last quarter. Finally, State of Alaska Department of Revenue raised its stake in shares of Intel Corp. by 1.8% in the second quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 376,210 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $12,339,000 after buying an additional 6,720 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 64.83% of the company’s stock. Shares of Intel Corp. (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 36.94 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $36.37 and its 200-day moving average is $35.72. The stock has a market capitalization of $175.06 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.33 and a beta of 1.06. Intel Corp. has a 52 week low of $27.68 and a 52 week high of $38.36. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. Sells 20,072 Shares of Intel Corp. (INTC)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/22/sumitomo-life-insurance-co-sells-20072-shares-of-intel-corp-intc.html. Several equities research analysts recently commented on INTC shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Intel Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $42.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Monday, September 26th. RBC Capital Markets restated a “sector perform” rating and set a $38.00 target price on shares of Intel Corp. in a research report on Monday, September 26th. Vetr upgraded Intel Corp. from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $41.44 target price on the stock in a research report on Monday, September 26th. KeyCorp upped their target price on Intel Corp. from $42.00 to $44.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Monday, October 3rd. Finally, BlueFin Research restated a “buy” rating on shares of Intel Corp. in a research report on Monday, October 3rd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating, thirty-two have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $39.87. In related news, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 79,051 shares of Intel Corp. stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.49, for a total value of $2,884,570.99. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 394,406 shares in the company, valued at $14,391,874.94. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, EVP Venkata S. M. Renduchintala sold 13,997 shares of Intel Corp. stock in a transaction dated Monday, October 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $34.92, for a total value of $488,775.24. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 817 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $28,529.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 104,655 shares of company stock valued at $3,776,573. 0.09% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Intel Corp. Company Profile Intel Corporation is engaged in the design and manufacture of digital technology platforms. The Company’s segments include Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Software and Services (SSG) and All Other. CCG segment includes platforms designed for notebooks (including Ultrabook devices), 2 in 1 systems, desktops (including all-in-ones and personal computers (PCs)), tablets, phones, wireless and wired connectivity products, and mobile communication components. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Corp. (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Intel Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Kinsale Capital Group Inc. (KNSL) Receives $23.25 Consensus Price Target from Analysts American Eagle Outfitters Inc. (AEO) Receives $19.29 Average Target Price from Brokerages Nuance Communications Inc. (NUAN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Parker-Hannifin Corp. (PH) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Boeing Co. (BA) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday JMP Securities Reaffirms Market Perform Rating for Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) Basf Se (BASFY) Upgraded at JPMorgan Chase & Co. FY2016 EPS Estimates for Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. Raised by Jefferies Group (PEG) Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VRTX) Rating Reiterated by Needham & Company LLC SunTrust Banks Inc. (STI) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Bio-Rad Laboratories Inc. (BIO) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research The Cheesecake Factory Inc. (CAKE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) PT Raised to $1,000.00 TransDigm Group Inc. (TDG) Rating Reiterated by Credit Suisse Group AG M&T Bank Corp. (MTB) PT Raised to $165.00 at FBR & Co Analysts Set Continental Resources Inc. (CLR) Target Price at $50.33 SodaStream International Ltd. (SODA) Receives $33.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Dana Holding Corp. (DAN) to Hold DavidsTea Inc. (DTEA) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research FY2016 Earnings Estimate for Rent-A-Center Inc. Issued By Jefferies Group (RCII) CIBC World Markets Inc. Sells 11,557 Shares of Intel Corp. (INTC) Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet CIBC World Markets Inc. decreased its position in Intel Corp. (NASDAQ:INTC) by 2.2% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 521,119 shares of the chip maker’s stock after selling 11,557 shares during the period. CIBC World Markets Inc.’s holdings in Intel Corp. were worth $19,672,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in Intel Corp. by 1.9% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 299,534,545 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $9,824,733,000 after buying an additional 5,697,051 shares in the last quarter. Capital World Investors increased its stake in Intel Corp. by 5.1% in the second quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 167,047,690 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $5,479,164,000 after buying an additional 8,095,076 shares in the last quarter. Capital Research Global Investors increased its stake in Intel Corp. by 4.8% in the second quarter. Capital Research Global Investors now owns 103,104,372 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $3,381,823,000 after buying an additional 4,719,872 shares in the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in Intel Corp. by 23.4% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 45,685,548 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $1,498,217,000 after buying an additional 8,662,708 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Primecap Management Co. CA increased its stake in Intel Corp. by 1.0% in the second quarter. Primecap Management Co. CA now owns 32,038,210 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $1,050,853,000 after buying an additional 324,225 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 64.83% of the company’s stock. Shares of Intel Corp. (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 36.94 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $36.37 and its 200 day moving average price is $35.72. Intel Corp. has a one year low of $27.68 and a one year high of $38.36. The stock has a market capitalization of $175.06 billion, a PE ratio of 17.33 and a beta of 1.06. WARNING: This piece was published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/cibc-world-markets-inc-sells-11557-shares-of-intel-corp-intc.html. Several equities research analysts have recently commented on INTC shares. Sanford C. Bernstein restated a “market perform” rating and issued a $35.00 target price (up previously from $33.00) on shares of Intel Corp. in a research note on Friday, October 21st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Intel Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $42.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Monday, September 26th. Nomura restated a “buy” rating and issued a $40.00 target price (down previously from $42.00) on shares of Intel Corp. in a research note on Wednesday, October 19th. Canaccord Genuity restated a “buy” rating and issued a $43.00 target price on shares of Intel Corp. in a research note on Thursday. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Instinet restated a “buy” rating and issued a $35.50 target price on shares of Intel Corp. in a research note on Tuesday, November 29th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have issued a hold rating, thirty-two have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $39.87. In related news, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 79,051 shares of Intel Corp. stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.49, for a total transaction of $2,884,570.99. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 394,406 shares in the company, valued at $14,391,874.94. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, EVP Diane M. Bryant sold 11,607 shares of Intel Corp. stock in a transaction on Wednesday, December 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $34.74, for a total value of $403,227.18. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 112,006 shares in the company, valued at $3,891,088.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 104,655 shares of company stock worth $3,776,573 over the last quarter. 0.09% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Intel Corp. Intel Corporation is engaged in the design and manufacture of digital technology platforms. The Company’s segments include Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Software and Services (SSG) and All Other. CCG segment includes platforms designed for notebooks (including Ultrabook devices), 2 in 1 systems, desktops (including all-in-ones and personal computers (PCs)), tablets, phones, wireless and wired connectivity products, and mobile communication components. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Corp. (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Has $22,052,000 Position in Helmerich & Payne Inc. (HP) Next » Huntington National Bank Acquires 21,618 Shares of Costco Wholesale Corp. (COST) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Turn Your Surface Pro 4 Into A Desktop PC Travis Pope04/22/2016 Microsoft calls its Surface Pro 4 and devices like it Windows 2-in-1s. The idea is that purchasing a Surface Pro 4 or any of the devices that resembles it means you don’t have to purchase both a notebook and a tablet. Since Microsoft announced its first tablet that can be a notebook, all we’ve heard about are those types of 2-in-1s. We’ve all ignored another benefit of purchasing a Surface Pro 4. Advertisement The Surface Pro 4 doesn’t just make a great  tablet and notebook. It also makes a pretty great Windows 10 desktop PC. As a Surface Pro 3 and Surface Pro 4 user, I’ve spent some time with the form factor at my desk. The way I see it, there are couple of different scenarios to get Surface Pro 4 users the best desktop experience. Pick The Right Surface Pro 4 Desktops are powerful, bulky beasts. They’re big because transporting them isn’t really that much of a concern. The Surface Pro 4 is a mobile powerhouse, a machine that was designed to be portable. At first, one might assume that it wouldn’t be that great at doing the things that desktops do: playing video games and editing video. Advertisement Advertisement Read: Which Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Should You Buy? That’s absolutely true of the entry-level Surface Pro 4 for $899. It’s not really great at playing the latest games at all since it doesn’t have a fan and uses less powerful internals. The Surface Pro 4s with Intel Core i7 and Intel Core i5 processors are better at those activities. Any Surface Pro 4 plan that involves the device doubling as a powerful desktop Windows 10 PC starts with those two models. The Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 Processor and 4GB of RAM starts at $999. If you really want the best performance possible, investigate purchasing a Surface Pro 4 with at least 8GB of RAM. The Microsoft Store sells all versions of the Surface Pro 4, including a model with 16GB of storage. Buy a Surface Pro 4 Dock Once you’ve acquired a Surface Pro 4, you need a way to charge the device and connect to accessories. Microsoft makes two docks for this task, both of which have advantages and disadvantages. The Surface Pro 3 Docking Station is a typical dock. There are no cables to connect. Instead, its two arms encapsulate the Surface Pro 4, on three sides. Built into it are three USB 3.0 ports, two USB 2.0 ports, Ethernet out and a Mini DisplayPort. The Surface Pro 4 Dock isn’t built specifically for the Surface Pro 4, which is why users need a free spacer from Microsoft to enjoy the $199 accessory. Advertisement The Microsoft Surface Dock is this year’s docking option for the Surface Pro 4, Surface Pro 3 and Surface Book. It too costs $199. There are two front-facing USB 3.0 ports, a power port, Gigabit Ethernet, two more USB 3.0 ports and 2 Mini DisplayPorts on its rear. With this dock, you need to physically plug in a cable, but just the one. The dock itself does the rest. Other companies make compatible port replicators, but in those cases you’d need to plug your Surface Pro 4 into a charger, then have a separate USB cable running from the Surface Pro 4. Microsoft’s solutions are expensive, but simplistic. Use A Bluetooth Keyboard and Mouse The next thing you’ll need are the typical accessories that desktops require. Advertisement The Surface Pro 4 has two pretty loud speakers, but don’t hesitate to pick up external speakers if you feel like you need to. The Surface Pro 4 and Windows 10 support Bluetooth audio profiles. The docks and device itself all have 3.5mm headphone ports built-in. Bluetooth headphones work too, that’s what I use at my desk when playing music late at night and early in the day. Microsoft used to make a Bluetooth keyboard accessory for its Type Covers. It’s long since killed that device, betting that users would rather purchase separate keyboards and mice that offer better battery life and bigger keys. For the best results, go with a Bluetooth keyboard and mouse. Microsoft makes the, entry-level Wireless Keyboard 850 for Bluetooth users. I personally use the Wedge Wireless Mobile Keyboard. It’s $79.95 – not cheap – but does have a thin profile. For a mouse, I recommend the $69.95 Surface Arc Mouse because it becomes very portable when you need it to be. That being said, anything you have around the house works fine too. You can go with USB mice and keyboards, but if you do you’ll need a USB hub or a Surface Dock. Remember, the Surface Pro 4 only has a single USB port. Advertisement   I actually skipped the mini adapters, displays and docks in the early days. Instead, I purchased a Surface Pro Power Supply for $79.99 and a tablet stand that held up my Surface Pro 4. This method does hinder viewing angles somewhat, but it’s cost effective and keeps me from being surrounded by screens and accessories I don’t need. The stand I purchased from Amazon is long gone, but there are more available from other makers. Disable Tablet Mode Finally, remember to set your device to either ask you before switching in and out of Tablet Mode or turn off switching entirely. Read: How to Use Tablet Mode in Windows 10 Windows 10 is able to detect physical keyboards and make the switch, but not with Bluetooth accessories. My solution to this has been to manually toggle Tablet Mode on and off when I’m done with work using the Action Center. The Action Center is always a left swipe from the right edge of your display. Optional: Get a Monitor, Maybe With Touch On its own, your Surface Pro 4 is a great all-in-one PC in its own right. At least, it is if you’re comfortable with using a 12-inch display. If you aren’t, consider adding a widescreen monitor to your desktop setup to get more screen real estate. Which display you get really does depend on your tastes as a user. Some people like to get large monitors, then hide the Surface Pro 4 somewhere in their setup because they don’t need to monitors. Others prefer to keep the Surface Pro 4 and external monitor sitting side by side. If you’re going to hide the Surface somewhere in your setup, like a desk drawer, be sure that it has plenty of ventilation. Be sure that whatever monitor you do go with has matching connections for whatever dock you use too. Stay away from any monitor that has a VGA cable. For consistency, it might be better to with a monitor that supports touch. The Surface Pro 4 can be connected to a monitor even without a docking accessory. For this you will need a MiniDisplay Port adapter for whatever plug the display features. Microsoft makes a line of Surface Mini DisplayPort Adapters and a Wireless Display Adapter. Two monitors connect through the Surface Dock, but you can add a third running straight from the Surface pro 4’s body too. Microsoft frequently runs specials on Surface Docks and monitors at the Microsoft Store. Read: The Best Surface Pro 4 Deals Available The Surface Pro 4 gained a reputation for being a great tablet and a decent notebook. I’d make the argument that it’s also a terrific Windows 10 all-in-one with the right accessories. 13 Responses 02/13/2016 Robert Armstrong Reply I understood that the pro 4 could handle 3 external monitors – 2 from the dock and 1 from the tablet. You say it is restricted to 2 monitors. Will it not handle a third monitor from the tablet’s mini DP port? 02/29/2016 Leander Reply Yeah it does, 2 monitors from the docking station. One from the surface it self. So 3 screens at the same time. I got the configuration running at this very moment. Two normal monitor’s and big presentation screen. 02/29/2016 Robert Armstrong Reply Thanks. I’m going to give the SP4 i7 16gb a try with three 27″ monitors. 03/05/2016 Robert Armstrong Reply I bought the SP4 with dock and cables. Win 10 shows 4 displays, but will only use three, one of which is always the tablet. So I can get two of my three externals, but not three at once. Surface support told me I have to use a video hub to go to three. Is this what you have done? Or is a splitter enough? 03/22/2016 Matt Smith Reply What’s the recommended settings for the larger monitor, I’ve currently got it connected to another screen and the icons are massive and there’s black banding down the sides. 04/19/2016 Molly Hampel Reply This is a question not reply – i have a surface pro 4 with the docking station. The surface will go to sleep and when we wake it backup the external large monitor will not work. We thought it was the docking station but after trying two others it’s not. Any suggestions? Could the monitor not be compatible? 04/19/2016 Robert Armstrong Reply I now run two ASUS 27″ monitors and the Surface tablet screen. The primary display is set as one of the 27″. When my Surface wakes up, the two large monitors also come alive – usually, but not always. Very occasionally, I have to go to display settings on the tablet screen and “extend the desktop” to the two large monitors. This does not happen often. Sorry I can’t be more help. 04/24/2016 Jenniferdpearman Reply This is very wonderful new jobs..!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 52512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 06/19/2016 Richard Clark Eckert Reply I am looking at idea of a multi client monitor that allows for up to four inputs that can be simulataneously displayed in four quadrants of humongous 43″ display. I am wondering if SP 4 can work with that and display 4 screens but without problems of dual monitor set up????? Ideally he SP4 would take up one quadrant, but could take up to four separate inputs or multiple windows from SP4. Why I need 4 monitors compressed in one is something to explain on a different day. 07/17/2016 path8yoga Reply Most of the answers to the questions above can be found here: https://www.microsoft.com/surface/en-sg/support/music-photos-and-video/connect-surface-to-a-tv-display-or-projector?os=windows-10&=undefined 10/31/2016 skrivener Reply I like the idea, but $1,400 + monitor are grim prices. If you don’t play fast games consider this tablet-as-a-PC setup instead HP ElitePad 1000 tablet (1.6GHz 4GB 64GB ssd); less than £180 on ebay (business are disposing of loads of units); add a £15 64gb micro sd HP’s dock gives 4 usb, sound & 2 monitor sockets (ebay £25 + a 2nd at £40 for work); Dock happily runs a 36in £100 screen while the tablet provides a 2nd handy touch screen on the side; £20 for wi-fi keyboard & mouse (with a 2nd £10 usb set for work). £13 for a usb plug-and-play case holds to hold the old pc’s hardrive & £14 for a little usb DVD rewriter. Mega adds 50GB of cloud storage to the system for £0 This setup cost abt £315 ($400?) & happily replaced my home tablet / work laptop / work pc & home pc. Life’s become a lot simpler with just one device. 12/21/2016 Carlin Reply I have an “old” Dell Inspiron 2330 which is a touchscreen computer. However, it has an HDMI ‘in’ and can alternately be used as an external monitor – is there a way to enable/utilize the touchscreen on this computer when connected to my Surface Pro 4 as an external monitor? I assume I need an additional cable outside of the HDMI – does anyone know what that cable is? Thanks for your help 01/21/2017 C. Lyman Reply PC in a backpack: Surface Pro 4; Core i7, 256 GB SSD, 16 GB RAM. 2 USB hubs 1 7-port 2.0 that plugs into a port in the charging brick w/SD card reader and one 10-port 3.0 w/card reader. Accessories One 1 TB USB HDD one 1/2 TB HDD USB 2.0 ONE 512 micro SDXC in the provided card slot. 1 Rocksteady Bluetooth speaker bar and one Pawtec USB 3.0 optical CD, DVD Blu-Ray reader/burner. Looking for an externl touchsreen monitor about 20-22 In Other peripherals M-Audio Oxygen 49 music keyboard,M-Audio M-Track Plus two input. Mackie FX8 Pro w//USB all have USB 2.0 And it’s all mine! With the exception of the music peripherals, it fits in a “day pack” Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website What’s New in iOS 10.2.1 & iOS 10.2 01/23/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/17/2017
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Good Gear Guide > News > New details emerge about Intel's super-small Eucli... New details emerge about Intel's super-small Euclid computer for robots Intel's Euclid computer for robots operates on a battery, has an HDMI port, 3D RealSense camera, Atom processor, and a range wireless sensors Agam Shah (IDG News Service) on 21 January, 2017 09:04 0 - - - - print email Intel is getting proficient at developing small computers. First, came its Compute Sticks and then its credit-card-shaped Compute Cards. But nothing's quite like the mysterious Euclid, which is a self-contained computer the size of a thumb designed to be the brains and eyes of a robot. More details have emerged about the computer, which was announced in August and has yet to be released. The Euclid is so small and light that's possible to hold like a pen. It has a built-in 3D RealSense camera, making it like a PC fused into a Microsoft Kinect. [Related: The best Japan Robot, gadget and car expo gallery] The design makes it possible to install the Euclid where the eyes of a human-like robot would be typically placed. The 3D RealSense camera will act as the eyes of a robot, capturing images in real-time and helping with movement. Euclid has motion and position sensors that can help the robot move around both indoors and outdoors. Intel announced and demonstrated the Euclid computer in a robot moving on stage during CEO Brian Krzanich's keynote at the Intel Developer Forum in August. The Euclid Developer Kit launch page is up on the website of Mouser Electronics. Intel didn't provide a specific launch date or pricing. Once the Euclid is placed in a robot, it can be operated remotely through a mobile device or PC. The Euclid has Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity to communicate with the PC. The Euclid can also "serve as a full, autonomous brain with sensing capabilities, or as a smart sensor controlled by a more powerful computer," Mouser states on its website. The computer has GPS capabilities for navigation. The Euclid presentation about RealSense technologies last year at the Roscon robotics conference. The Atom CPU provides the horsepower to process and analyze the images collected by the 3D camera. The CPU will drive a robot's movement and help it complete tasks. The ZR300 is a 1080p camera bundled with an infrared camera and an infrared laser projector. The combined features will help robots get a better sense of depth and motion, which will aid in movement. The device operates on a battery and has environmental sensors on the back. One sensor is a barometric pressure sensor. Additionally, it has a microphone and speakers, and HDMI and USB 3.0 slots. Euclid supports Linux-based Ubuntu OS and Robotics Operating System (ROS), which typically sits on top of an OS. It will also support Arduino, a software package commonly used by developers to create basic electronics. Top 5 Windows 10 Products More from Microsoft Windows 10 Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags robots Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Agam Shah IDG News Service Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Cool Tech Garmin fenix Chronos Learn more > 360Fly 4K Camera Learn more > Crucial Ballistix Elite 32GB Kit (4 x 8GB) DDR4-3000 UDIMM Learn more > GS63VR Stealth Pro Learn more > Nighthawk X10 Learn more > Gadgets & Things Ehang 184 Learn more > Arlo Smart Home Security Cameras Learn more > Crucial® MX300 Solid State Drive Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1000x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards Learn more > Google Daydream View Learn more > Family Friendly Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Orbi WiFi System Learn more > Parrot Mambo Drone Learn more > Google Pixel XL Learn more > VR ONE 6RE-013AU Learn more > Stocking Stuffer Plox Star Wars Death Star Levitating Bluetooth Speaker Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20i flash drive  Learn more > Brother PocketJet Printer Learn more > Clamcase for iPad Pro 9.7-inch Learn more > 3SIXT HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Christmas Gift Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Star Wars Death Star Bluetooth levitating rotating speaker review 2 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 3 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 4 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 5 ​Panasonic Viera DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review Latest News Articles Microsoft's mobile apps will get better image capture and OCR via the Office Lens camera app Severe vulnerability in Cisco's WebEx extension for Chrome leaves PCs open to easy attack Microsoft tries to expel Chromebooks from schools with Intune app and low-cost PCs If we show you how to back up your PC for free, will you finally do it? How to create Live Tiles for your Steam games in Windows Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content The top 10 best and worst tech gadgets and products of 2016 ​Best phone of the year 2016 TV of the year award 2016 Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs CCICT Contracts ManagerSA TPProgram ManagerNSW FTTechnical Account ManagerNSW FTLevel 2 Help Desk SupportQLD CCEnterprise ArchitectQLD CCMid-level Java Developer / Programmer (Contract) Finance CBDNSW CCData Migration Lead - SAPNSW CCData Centre Design Engineer - Data Centre - TelcoVIC FTSenior Java DeveloperNSW CCChange and Communications AnalystQLD TPSenior IT ManagerVIC FTJunior-Mid Level Implementation CoordinatorQLD FTOffice365 Solution SpecialistSA CCSystem Engineer - AdelaideWA FTApplication Developer - FileNetWA TPSQL DeveloperQLD FTLevel 3 EngineerNSW CCPerformance AnalystVIC FTPHP DeveloperQLD FTAndroid DeveloperNSW FTManager Integration PlanningNSW TPAndroid DeveloperSA TPFunctional AnalystVIC FTChange ManagerACT CCSenior Solution ArchitectVIC Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Boutique browser maker to Microsoft: 'Stop stealing the default' in Windows 10 computerworld.com.au Businesses hobbled by deficiencies in security resourcing as IoT-driven DDoS volumes surge cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au ​Opening the door to data centre change in Australia arnnet.com.au Tealium CEO: AI, IoT and the ongoing customer data integration challenge cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Computerworld How does China respond to US chip threats? With a $30 billion factory News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook How does China respond to US chip threats? With a $30 billion factory Tsinghua Unigroup is investing $30 billion in a factory that will make DRAM and flash storage, striking at the heart of a chip battle between the US and China Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 21 January, 2017 07:30 - - - - print email Comments For China, actions speak louder than words, especially in the escalating chip battle with the U.S., which has been hurling out verbal threats in recent months. The Chinese chip infrastructure is getting a serious boost from Tsinghua Unigroup, which is investing US$30 billion in a new foundry to make chips. The state-owned Tsinghua Holdings is a majority shareholder in Tsinghua Unigroup. This news comes just two weeks after U.S. accused China of rigging the chip market and artificially reducing the prices of semiconductors. The tough talk came from the administration of former President Barack Obama but will continue under Donald Trump, who was sworn in as president Friday. The factory in Nanjing will primarily make 3D NAND flash and DRAM chips to bulk up the country's semiconductor and storage markets. The first stage of investment will be $10 billion and produce 100,000 chips per month. The manufacturing facilities will stretch over 1,500 acres, or 2.34 square miles. Beyond the investment in the chip factory, Tsinghua Unigroup will also invest about $4.3 billion to build a complimentary IC (integrated circuit) international city that will include a science technology park, a school, commercial facilities, and apartments. China has a poor chip-manufacturing infrastructure, and this investment should fill a hole in the country's long-term effort to be self-reliant with technology products. Companies like Intel, Samsung, TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co.) and GlobalFoundries, which invest billions in fabs, will feel the pinch. Intel and GlobalFoundries operate factories in the U.S., and those companies also spend billions to upgrade manufacturing facilities. But the U.S. will certainly take notice. Earlier this month, a White House working group said China was not playing fair in the semiconductor market, by artificially reducing the prices of chips through government assistance. The working group, called the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology or PCAST, recommended the U.S. respond to the Chinese chip threat by investing more in innovation and education and creating new types of quantum and neuromorphic computers. The U.S. and China have conflicting technology agendas. China has made it difficult for U.S. technology companies to do business in the country. Most hardware companies have turned to partnerships or joint ventures to operate, with the Chinese government having some level of ownership. Security and intellectual property theft have also been major U.S. concerns. The U.S. has been placing more emphasis on China's semiconductor market in recent months. China today hosts the world's fastest supercomputer called TaihuLight. Fast supercomputers are used in weapons development, economic forecasts, and scientific research, making them central to a country's security and economic strategies. The U.S. in the past has banned the export of supercomputing chips to China, citing concerns that it could be against U.S. national interests. In 2014, China said it would invest $150 billion to subsidize chip development over a 10-year period. That's partly because China wants 70 percent of devices in the country to use homegrown chips by 2025. That investment helped spur the development of low-cost semiconductors, which are also shipping outside China. But the U.S. charges that Chinese semiconductors are inferior and have affected the quality of devices. The flood of Chinese chips has slowed down demand for chips and hurt the bottom line of U.S. companies, giving them less money to spend on the research and development of new chip technologies. Products like the iPhone and iPad are assembled in Chinese factories, helping to keep down the price of those devices. The cheap Chinese chips have also reduced the cost related to building electronics, appliances, and cars. U.S. companies are also moving factories to China, which offers a cheaper way to make chips. Intel is making its memory chips at a factory in Dalian, China. Demand for 3rd Party ERP Support Soars More from Rimini Street Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags hacking More about IntelSamsungTaiwan Semiconductor ManufacturingTechnologyTSMC Editor's Recommendations Independent review of ATO outage begins ASD to brief political parties on hacking threat DNS: The ‘Achilles’ Heel’ of the Internet GreenSync eyes global opportunities Government eyes regional cyber security boost WA govt signs contracts for GovNext overhaul Web Events Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Data Loss Prevention - Sponsored by Symantec Related Whitepapers The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner SECURITY, DURABILITY AND USABILITY TARGET HP’S FLAGSHIP CONVERTIBLE AT BUSINESS USERS Cyber Ransom Survival Guide: The Growing Threat of Ransomware and RDoS – and What to Do About It Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Galaxy Note7's battery fiasco won't soon be forgotten Apple sues Qualcomm over patent licensing and $1B in payments ​Spamhaus: Uptick in Tor-using botnets may force ISPs to block all Tor ... CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Menu BROADWAYBROADWAY OFF-BROADWAYOFF-BROADWAY OTHER CITIES Boston Chicago Las Vegas London Los Angeles Miami New York Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle Washington, D.C. Minneapolis / St. Paul All Locations DISCOUNT TICKETSDISCOUNTS NEWS AND REVIEWSNEWS GOLD CLUBGOLD CLUB MORE Newsletter Children's Theater Theater News Theater Reviews Theater Photos Theater Video London Theater Submit Your Show VIDEO FLASH X Share via Email To From Email body Hi, I was on TheaterMania.com and thought you might be interested in seeing this. Cancel Send Email EXCLUSIVE: First Look at Simon Russell Beale-Led Tempest Before It Hits Cinemas The drama is presented by the Royal Shakespeare Company and Intel. Editorial Staff • London • Jan 23, 2017 Please disable your ad blocking software or enable javascript to view this gallery. The Royal Shakespeare Company's new production of The Tempest will hit cinemas across the country this March, and in anticipation of the screenings, the organization has provided TheaterMania with a first look. The production, a collaboration between the RSC and Intel, in association with the Imaginarium Studios, uses cutting-edge motion capture technology for the work's magical elements. Stage legend Simon Russell Beale plays Prospero, with Mark Quartley as the sprite Ariel, wearing a motion capture suit that controls the movements of his digital character. RSC artistic director Gregory Doran helms the work, which tells the story of a Duke banished to an island filled with magical creatures. The Tempest Simon Russell Beale Royal Shakespeare Company X Share via Email To From Email body Hi, I was on TheaterMania.com and thought you might be interested in seeing this. Cancel Send Email Want more stories like these? Get theater news, interviews, videos, exclusive ticket discounts, and more. AROUND THEATERMANIA Most Shared Most Viewed Sunday in the Park, With Jake Gyllenhaal and Annaleigh Ashford, Announces Full Cast Aladdin Tony Winner James Monroe Iglehart to Star in Hamilton Theater Venue Announced for the 2017 Tony Awards Marquee Filled With Color and Light for Sunday in the Park With Jake Gyllenhaal Go Behind the Scenes at Hamilton With Taran Killam and Al Roker Steve Martin and Edie Brickell's Bright Star Will Go on Tour Want more stories like these? Get theater news, interviews, videos, exclusive ticket discounts, and more. Don't show this again. Visit the TheaterMania.com homepage! Broadway Off-Broadway Off-Off-Broadway Discount Tickets News and Reviews Video All Cities Theater News Reviews Photo Flashes TM Magazine Boston Theater Chicago Theater Las Vegas Theater London Theater Los Angeles Theater Miami Theater New York Theater Philadelphia Theater San Francisco Theater Seattle Theater Washington D.C. Theater Minneapolis / St. Paul About Us Contact Us Jobs Subscribe to our newsletter Email Preferences Unsubscribe Services Listings Advertising Ticketing Learn More Facebook Google+ Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Subscribe to our RSS Feed By providing information about entertainment and cultural events on this site, TheaterMania.com shall not be deemed to endorse, recommend, approve and/or guarantee such events, or any facts, views, advice and/or information contained therein. ©1999 - 2017 TheaterMania.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse What To Expect From Intel's Q4 This Week Elizabeth Balboa , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 22, 2017 5:25pm   Comments Share: Related AMD Semiconductors In 2017: BlueFin Previews The Year Ahead Technical Alert: Advanced Micro Devices Back At $10 AMD: How The Trump Administration Will Hurt The Share Price (Seeking Alpha) Related INTC Semiconductors In 2017: BlueFin Previews The Year Ahead IBM Kicks Off The Big Tech Earnings Season Deutsche Bank restates Intel at Buy (Seeking Alpha) With continued market demand for PCs and a strong lineup of microprocessing technology, Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) has earned the confidence of Wells Fargo Securities analysts leading up to its fourth-quarter earnings report. As of Friday, the stock remained the firm’s top pick, and senior analyst David Wong reiterated an Outperform rating with a valuation between $40 and $50. Rating, Justification Wong expects the January 26 quarterly summary to present solid revenue growth in Intel’s Data Center Group either on par with or surpassing the third-quarter rate of 9.7 percent. He also predicted strong figures in client computing group sales despite the company’s guidance report anticipating a decline. Based on the expansion of peer corporations’ expanded notebook sales, Wong said Intel may have surpassed poor expectations that reflected a reduction in global PC supply chain inventory. Considering all factors, Wong estimated fourth-quarter revenue of about $15.7 billion — right in line with guidance. A Look Forward The analyst predicted positive stock activity throughout 2017 inspired by significant growth in revenue, stability in client computing group sales and positive effects of recent restructuring on margins. Although Intel maintains a “dominant position” in the market, Wong acknowledged investment risks including rising capital spending, competition from Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMD) and possible deceleration of growth in PC shipments. Intel closed Friday trading up 1.01 percent at $36.94. Latest Ratings for AMD Date Firm Action From To Dec 2016 Mizuho Upgrades Neutral Buy Dec 2016 Morgan Stanley Upgrades Underweight Equal-Weight Dec 2016 BMO Capital Upgrades Market Perform Outperform View More Analyst Ratings for AMD View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings Long Ideas News Previews Reiteration Analyst Ratings Movers Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (INTC + AMD) Semiconductors In 2017: BlueFin Previews The Year Ahead IBM Kicks Off The Big Tech Earnings Season Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning Could Threaten Apps Technical Alert: Advanced Micro Devices Back At $10 Watch These 8 Huge Call Purchases In Friday Trade Shining Semiconductor ETFs View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AMD Trending Recent 1 INFI, QCOM: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 OGRMF, APHQF: Consolidation In The Cannabis Industry: Organigram, Kalyte... 3 MSFT, ORCL: Chowdhry: Oracle Is 'Toast,' Layoffs I... 4 VRX: Valeant's Move To The Downside Accelerates 5 T, GOOG: Barron's Picks And Pans: More Rou... 6 BRO, JJSF: 7 Must Watch Stocks for Janua... 7 RAD, WBA: Walgreens Volatility... 1 IBM, SGYP: Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From January 23 2 YHOO, VZ: Yahoo Tops Estimates, Verizon Deal Now Expected To Close In Q2 3 SWKS: Skyworks' Strong Earnings, High Volume Lands A Downgra... 4 RAD, WBA: Antitrust Opposition Prompts Vetr To Upgrade Rite A... 5 FB, GOOGL: 5 Trends That Venture Capitalists Will Hav... 6 VZ, YHOO: Here's All The Sell-Side Rati... 7 As Promised, President Trump Withd... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Nike Could Become A Player In An Unexpected Market: Eyewear How Many Of Trump's Cabinet Spots Are Unfilled?
Software store | AliExpress | MightyApe | The Grand Tour | Amazon Prime | Amazon Fire TV | Amazon (Kindle, books, electronics) Home Forums News Reviews Price comparison Email Blasts Slack Search Contact Welcome Guest. You haven't logged in yet. If you don't have an account you can register now. Forums › Offers and Wanted › HP ML360 G6 Server + Backup Tapes jaymz 974 posts Ultimate Geek +1 received by user: 32 Topic # 208001 22-Jan-2017 20:25 Time to clear out items that have been sitting in the "project to do" queue!   1 x HP ML350 G6 Tower Server with the following components installed:   2 x Dual redundant 750W power supplies   16 GB DDR3 RAM - 2 x 8GB DIMMs   1 x Intel® Xeon® Processor E5520 (8M Cache, 2.26 GHz, 5.86 GT/s Intel® QPI) CPU   1 x HP 439946-001 SC11Xe Ultra320 Single Channel/ PCIe x4 SCSI Host Bus Adapter - Runs the internal tape drive   1 x 512MB Battery Backed up Cache for onboard RAID (enables RAID 5 and with the battery backup allows much faster read/writes)   1 x 72GB 10K Hotplug SAS 2.5" drive   1 x 146GB 10K Hotplug SAS 2.5" drive   2 x 300GB 10 Hotplug SAS 2.5" drives   1 x HP Ultrium LTO 4 (Ultrium 1760) internal tape drive       The tapes are as follows, they are still all factory sealed:   3 x HP Ultrium 2 400GB tapes (C7972A)   4 x HP Ultrium 4 1.6TB tapes (C7974A)       These items are located in Hamilton.  I am happy to organise postage for the tapes, but the server is way to heavy to be worth sending very far.       As for price, i am opening it up to offers here first (since it would give a fellow geek a chance to get to play with some enterprise server tech) before putting it on Trademe or somewhere similar.   If i could get $400 for the server i would be happy!   Photos are below:         firefuze 340 posts Ultimate Geek +1 received by user: 40   Reply # 1707658 22-Jan-2017 20:56 Are you wanting $400 for the lot? Or just the server and then selling the tapes seperate? jaymz 974 posts Ultimate Geek +1 received by user: 32   Reply # 1707772 23-Jan-2017 07:32 firefuze:   Are you wanting $400 for the lot? Or just the server and then selling the tapes seperate?         Yeah $400 for the lot would be great, but can sell the tapes separately if need be. Twitter » Follow us to receive Twitter updates when new discussions are posted in our forums: Follow @geekzonenzforum Follow us to receive Twitter updates when news items and blogs are posted in our frontpage: Follow @geekz1 Follow us to receive Twitter updates when tech item prices are listed in our price comparison site: Follow @geekzoneprices News » Datacom in Western Australian whole-of-government ICT services transformation project Posted 24-Jan-2017 19:59 Norton Research: parents worry about online bullying Posted 24-Jan-2017 16:32 Oppo phones coming to NZ Posted 22-Jan-2017 10:47 OPPO upcoming launch in New Zealand Posted 20-Jan-2017 10:14 Mobile launcher app company POSTR raises $3 million for APAC expansion Posted 19-Jan-2017 08:59 Inland Revenue prepares to roll out $25 million information knowledge management system Posted 19-Jan-2017 08:57 Geekzone Live » Try automatic live updates from Geekzone directly in your browser, without refreshing the page, with Geekzone Live now. Updates » Are you subscribed to our RSS feed? You can download the latest headlines and summaries from our stories directly to your computer or smartphone by using a feed reader. Alternatively, you can receive a daily email with Geekzone updates. RSS feeds Main feed Forums feed All RSS feeds Site features Geekzone Mobile Geekzone Badges Geekzone Slack channel Geekzone on Twitter Geekzone Dashboard Geekzone offers Amazon orders (Kindle, books, everything) MightyApe orders Geekzone software store Payoneer card Site Information Subscribe to Geekzone Privacy Statement Forum Usage Guidelines (FUG) Advertising on Geekzone Trademark and copyright ©2002-2017 Geekzone®
↓   JAVASCRIPT IS DISABLED. Please enable JavaScript on your browser to best view this site. Daily Pundit Les Deplorables Daily Pundit→Suicidal Idiocy→Intel Agencies Choosing Their Own Destructor Recent Comments J.S. Bridges on Department of Needless Worrywartism Nazdar on Okay, I’m Back Now (Delicious Hoosier Food Edition) evpick on Perfect VA Conservative on Butthurt Bitches Bawling cremes on Okay, I’m Back Now (Delicious Hoosier Food Edition) pb on Off-Topic and Gender Neutral J.S. Bridges on Butthurt Bitches Bawling Barry on School of Hard Knocks Is Best Teacher Barry on To the Senate: Here Comes Trump (Goodbye, Business As Usual) Barry on Need Some Help Telling graph | IowaDawg's Very Own Blawg on Geography Lesson Bill Quick on To the Senate: Here Comes Trump (Goodbye, Business As Usual) Bill Quick on Need Some Help Erbo on To the Senate: Here Comes Trump (Goodbye, Business As Usual) Bill Quick on Okay, I’m Back Now (Delicious Hoosier Food Edition) Remember – anything you buy from Amazon through any link on this site puts a commission in my pocket, at no cost to yourself, so thank you very much! Also, arf! from the Presidential Pomeranian. Or just CLICK THIS LINK to start shopping for anything. Don't worry - anything you buy through it will pay Daily Pundit a commission! Thanks! Post navigation ← Governor Gerry and the Salamander UPDATE (Before It Vanishes Down the Bad Narrative Memory Hole Entirely) The Miami MLK Mass Shooting → Intel Agencies Choosing Their Own Destructor Posted on January 17, 2017 by Bill QuickJanuary 17, 2017   Top-Level Intel Officers’ War Against Donald Trump Is Bad For The Country But the price in this case was to further tarnish the credibility of intelligence agencies, already suffering from a history of politicizing information. “Don’t disparage the integrity of the intelligence agency or they will unethically leak info and destroy you!” is a message that doesn’t necessarily hurt Trump, but it does hurt the intelligence agencies. I’ve had much the same thought (and posted about it here) ever since Chuckie Schmuckie Schumer announced that Trump had better be careful, because the intel agencies had “six ways from Sunday of getting back at [him].” That seemed to me then, and does still, to be a perfectly good reason for having somebody go through those agencies with a pitchfork and a flamethrower. You would think the spooks, of all people, would understand this.  But even I, in all my cynicism, was not fully prepared to read of the shock and astonishment on the part of people who had publicly signed NeverTrump broadsheets at discovering that they were persona non grata with the Trump administration. Apparently these suicidal idiots have at least as inflated a notion of their own invulnerability.  It will be fun watching that crash and burn, too. Posted in Suicidal Idiocy, Trump Derangement Syndrome, Trumped By Trump permalink About Bill Quick I am a freethinker who supports the American constitutional system of ordered liberty. My primary concern is to increase individual liberty as much as possible in the face of statist efforts to restrict it from both the right and the left. I seek the most liberty possible for the most number of people. You can email me at: icebergwtq-at-gmail-dot-com. View all posts by Bill Quick Post navigation ← Governor Gerry and the Salamander UPDATE (Before It Vanishes Down the Bad Narrative Memory Hole Entirely) The Miami MLK Mass Shooting → Comments Intel Agencies Choosing Their Own Destructor — No Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Search for: Live Traffic Stats Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Trump Tweets Follow @@realdonaldtrump Donald J. Trump @@realdonaldtrump Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Off… https://t.co/aOxmfO0vOK about 3 hours ago Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the @WhiteHouse this morning. Together, we will #MAGA! https://t.co/OXdiLOkGsZ about 4 hours ago A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas! https://t.co/Uzp0ivvRp0 about 4 hours ago Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here! about 10 hours ago Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America. about 1 day ago Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views. about 2 days ago Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago! about 2 days ago Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly. about 2 days ago Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN! about 2 days ago A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech! about 3 days ago Old Daily Pundit Archives 2001-2015 CategoriesCategories Select Category America and Americans Annnd…It’s Muslims Anti-American Barbarian Savages Bitch Clinton Black Racists Blogosphere Boodle Bureaucrats and Bureaucracy Business Butthurt Bitches Cailfornia Car Thread China Clinton Crime Family/Syndicate Commies and Communism Communist China Congress Conservatives Cooking Corruption Crime CuckleyCons Cucks Cults Culture Current Events Cycles Deep State Defense Delusions and Fantasies Democrat Operatives With Sheepskins Democrat Operators With Bylines Democrats Dhimmi Diet Diversity Dogs Don’t Care Dopey Joe Biden Double Down On Dumbass Economy Election 16 Election 2016 Emergency Preps Energy Europenises Evil Fail Fake News Feminazis Finance Food Fourth Turning Fuck You! War! Funny Future Tech General Assholery Generations GOPe Government Gun Banners Gun Threads Hacks/Propaganda Health Hilarious History Holidays Hollywood Hopeless Dumbasses Horseshit Hypocrites and Hypocrisy Illegal Aliens Immigration Indiana Iran Iron Gravy Bowls Irrelevance Islam Israel Jew Hatred Journalism Junk Journalism Junk Science Kookservatives Law Law and Order Leftists Libertarians Liberty Lies and Liars Losers Mainly Socialist Media Make America Great Again Markets Military Millennials Miscellaneous Modern Times Music Muslims Neca Eos Omnes Never Trump=Hillary Supporters News No Mas Shrubs NYC Obama Obama Caliphate Off Topic OnlyBlackCriminalLivesMatter OT Pathetic Police State Polls President Trump Progtards Pussies Putin Race In America Racists and Racism Reality Regulatory State Religion RINOs Ruling Class/Ruling Party Russia Safety and Security Saudi Wahabbia Schadenboners Second Amendment RKBA Shrub Failure Sick Hillary Site Notes Suicidal Idiocy Tards Of Every Kind Taxes The Narrative Treason Trump Trump Derangement Syndrome Trumped By Trump Twice As Hard Tyranny Ubiquitous Surveillance Uncategorized Unions War Weather Weird Welfare State Whackjobs And Lunatics Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org ©2017 - Daily Pundit - Weaver Xtreme Theme ↑
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Writers Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Magazine Projects Next America More More Account Sign in Sign out Create account Your account Magazine Subscribe Manage subscription Current issue All issues Newsletter Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Chuck E. Cheese's, Silicon Valley Startup: The Origins of the Best Pizza Chain Ever This great American franchise, and by extension, childhood itself, almost never existed. Most Popular 'All of This Space Was Full': A Photographic Fact Check Alan Taylor 1:21 PM ET How Ultrasound Became Political Moira Weigel 8:00 AM ET Is Trump's Presidency Off to a Successful Start? David A. Graham 11:41 AM ET In Praise of Corinne, The Bachelor's Human Conspiracy Theory Megan Garber 12:41 PM ET Trump’s Dakota Access Pipeline Memo: What We Know Right Now Robinson Meyer 1:55 PM ET Alexis C. Madrigal Jul 17, 2013 Technology Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size You may not know this, but Chuck E. Cheese's -- yes, the pizza place -- has its origins as firmly planted in the soil of Silicon Valley as Apple, HP, or Intel. In fact, it sprang from Nolan Bushnell's Atari like Athena to the videogame company's Zeus. Which is to say two things: one, if you grew up in the 1980s, the same guy -- Bushnell -- is basically responsible for a good portion of your childhood longings; and two, WHAT! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! THAT'S CRAZY. This connection got me thinking wild thoughts. I got very excited about the hypothetical secret history of Chuck E. Cheese's. Perhaps Bushnell used an early computer to calculate precisely how to burrow Chuck E. Cheese's brand into the very soul of every 7-year-old in America! And did he imagine that the animatronic rat mascot and his friends were going to be the leading edge of a personality-infused robotic future? (iChuckECheese!) I had to talk to Bushnell. Desperately. Finally someone would understand his vision for the animatronic revolution. Luckily, a colleague put us in touch, and we spoke yesterday. And he revealed the hilarious origins of Chuck E. Cheese's, the Silicon Valley pizza joint startup. I'm just going to walk us through what he said, interjecting where appropriate. "It was my pet project. I started it inside Atari. My objective was to vertically integrate the market. We were selling coin-operated games at about $1,500 or $2,000 a pop. In their life, they'd make $15 to 20k. It didn't take rocket science to say I'm on the wrong side of the equation," he told me. "I didn't want to compete with the people I was selling to, but the game operating business is all about securing locations. So the way to not compete with them was to secure my own locations. The original genesis was to create a big arcade with food as a support structure, almost as an ancillary service." Why pizza? Good question. "I chose pizza because of the wait time and the build schedule: very few components and not too many ways to screw it up. If the dough is good, the cheese is good, and the sauce is good, the pizza is good. I didn't have any preconceived idea that I knew how to run a restaurant, but I knew simple was better." Who describes food in terms of a "build schedule"? I told you Chuck E. Cheese's was a Silicon Valley startup. Bushnell wanted the minimal viable restaurant platform on which to offer his game services. But why did he need all the entertainment stuff? "The reason for doing the animals, believe it or not, was not for the kids. It was meant to be a head fake for the parents. Kids are really smart at knowing how to play their parents. and the kids knew that if they said, 'I want to go to Chuck E. Cheese and play the games' the parents would just see themselves spending money. But if they said, 'I want to go see Chuck E. Cheese entertainment -- and it's free,' they'd be good to go," Bushnell said. "The other thing was that we wanted the parents to have something to amuse themselves while the kids were in the game room. If you listened to the dialogue, it was fun, edgy stuff, kinda like Toy Story, written as much for the parents as the kids." Fair enough.  But why choose giant singing robotic animals for your entertainment?  It seemed crazy to me, even as a kid. Turns out it was, roughly, chance. Several things Bushnell happened to see hybridized in his imagination into a monstrous and wonderful new pizza joint chimera.  "The synthesis came along because there was a pizza parlor called Pizza and Pipes. It basically resurrected a Wurlitzer theater organ and the place was packed when they had an organist that actually played on the thing. And I thought, there is a demand for some kind of entertainment to go along with the pizza. But I'm not going to have something that heeds a player and I'm not going to do something that requires finding and restoring an antique. And some time as I was doing this, I went to Disneyland and went to the Tiki Room. It was Disney's animatronics. I said, 'That's pretty simple. I bet I can get my engineers to knock that out.'" The synthesis, then, is entertainment pizza theater minus the humans. How about that for "labor efficiency"? Assuming animatronic control, the real problem, Bushnell imagined, was getting characters that looked good. But that worked out happily. "As the project got close to being green-lighted, I happened to be at a trade show in Orlando. The IAAPA. The International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions. There was a group there selling walkaround costumes." What's a walkaround costume? It's the kind of enormous wearable costume that sports mascots and Sesame Street characters get into. Here are some from a recent IAAPA expo. Just your standard human-sized furry costumes (flickr/davecobb). "The operating name for the project, the codename, was Coyote Pizza," he said. "And I saw this Coyote costume. I went over, gave them my credit card, and had them ship it to the restaurant. I knew my guys could make him talk. I didn't know if they could make anything that looked like a coyote. Now I had my coyote." OR SO HE THOUGHT. DUN DUN DUN. "I went to where they were working and said, 'How's the coyote coming?' And they said, 'What coyote? You sent us a rat costume. I said, 'I'll just change the name to Rick Rat's Pizza.'" YES, Chuck E. Cheese, the most-famous rodent in American childhood branding not in the Mickey Mouse clan, was supposed to be a coyote. And then, the first choice for Chuck E. Cheese's name was Rick Rat's Pizza. Luckily, Bushnell's marketing angels convinced him Rick Rat's Pizza (!) wasn't such a good name for an establishment that had to go before a health inspector. "My marketing department just had a shitfit: 'You can't call a restaurant a rat place! People think rats are dirty. It's not going to work,'" he said. "But what if he is a rat but you don't call him a rat, I suggested. 'You name it,' I told them. 'I don't give a shit what it is. But it has to be happy.' A week later, they said, we got the name. And not only is it happy, it's triple happy: Chuck E. Cheese, you can't say each one of those without smiling." No, seriously, isn't that the best possible way that Chuck E. Cheese could have been dreamed up by a marketing department? And it's triple happy. Take that, character from Mad Men! Listening to all this, I had a terrifying thought: the creation of Chuck E. Cheese's was completely contingent. The pizza time theater may never have been founded. All historical narratives are a lie, basically. And furthermore, given that Chuck E. Cheese's was a necessary component of childhood, in the many alternate universes in which Chuck E. Cheese's never came into being (remaining Coyote Pizza or Rick Rat's Pizza), could childhood even exist? Or perhaps at least the structural features of Chuck E. Cheese were more likely than Bushnell's telling reveals. Our resident Chuck E. Cheese expert, Georgia Tech professor and Atlantic Tech contributor Ian Bogost, argued in a 2007 paper that Cheese's is a logical recombination of Bushnell's prior interests and market forces. As tavern culture gave way to the video arcade of the late 1970s and early 1980s, secondary pursuits like ordering food gave way to the primary pursuit of additional gameplay. Arcades had more in common with casinos than taverns, and Bushnell, ever the entrepreneur, recognized this as a market opportunity: he would create an arcade space with the additional social and gastronomical goals of a tavern. While still at Atari, he founded Chuck E. Cheese's Pizza Time Theaters, a place for kids and families to eat pizza and play games. Here Bushnell combined all of his prior influences. Chuck E. Cheese's was an arcade: its games encouraged continued play and cross-cabinet play. It was a restaurant: food and drink drew players to the locale and kept them there longer. And it was a midway: players collected tickets from games of skill and chance like skeeball in the hopes of exchanging them for prizes. Phew. History is saved! In any case, who dreamed up the all the little skits that the characters had to do? "Mike Hatcher. He was a really good programmer, a puppeteer, and a screenwriter. He wrote and designed the authoring system that programmed the units," Bushnell said. "He'd sit back with the impresario and program the movements one at a time, basically to coordinate with a tape." The San Jose Mercury News ran a short story about Hatcher in 1979 that revealed the following facts: 1. It took him three hours of programming for every one minute of animation. 2. There were often 200 movements going on at once during the shows. 3. Poor Hatcher had to work the graveyard shift. But how'd the characters actually move? Did they have motors? "No, they were all pneumatic," Bushnell explained. "Factories are run on pneumatic. The [components] are cheap and they never wear out. They just run and run and run. It's probably the most robust motion technology in the world." Yes, pneumatic as in pneumatic tubes! And how'd they build the animatrons? "You start with the armature and then you dress it. Pretty much they were the same inside. There were two different jaws, if you're a dog versus Mr. Bunch. If you were a snout animal, you had a different jaw. We also had one for beaks." I wanted to know, though: did Bushnell take the animatronic bits seriously? Like, did he see them having their own trajectory, one with lots of potential? "We saw them as being our advertisement and our freebie," he said. "We tried to assume that if people came back every month, they'd want to see something different. So we tried to change the skit every month." That's not to say that they didn't work hard at improving the acts. "We went through a phase where we would have separate rooms with lounge acts. The cabaret, for example. We had an Elvis impersonator. We had a Dolly Dimples, which was a piano torch singer," he said. "They had personalities and you know, Chuck E. Cheese was a wise guy, kind of abusing the other people. The hound dog was stupid as shit, so it was a great thing for Chuck E. to be describing something really slowly and dumbed down. Mr. Munch who loved to eat everything. He was kind of our Cookie Monster, and we took the Cookie Monster and turned him into a garbage can with a vacuum to suck stuff out of your hand." But did he truly see it as interactive entertainment or just some hokie crap? Despite his answer below, I'm not sure I truly know how he feels about his creations. "I saw it absolutely as interactive entertainment. Understand the timeline. I started Chuck E. just before I sold Atari to Warner and Warner didn't want to have anything to do with it. They said 'Sell it,' and I said, 'I'll buy it,' and they sold it to me. I was still CEO of Atari and building the restaurants on the side. I had a president of the restaurants and he got the technology and the licensing. Then restaurants started just coining money and then after the sale, [Warner's people got] tired of me and I was tired of them, so it was very easy for me to spend full time working on Chuck E. Cheese. We built it up to about 250 restaurants before I sold out." It got a messy towards the end of Bushnell's involvement with Chuck E. Cheese in the mid-1980s. I don't want to get into the details, which are dizzyingly complex and contested, but suffice to say: the chain's fortunes went up and down, and there was a splinter chain, an IPO and a bankruptcy. It's complicated. In the end, Bushnell says that he cleared maybe $35 million from his pizza entrepreneurship. "$35 million isn't bad," I offered. "It wasn't bad, but it wasn't $200 million," he replied. But hadn't he helped animatronics escape the truly strange confines of the amusement park? Wasn't that something? "If you really try to stack up the entertainment that was delivered by our animals: It was not great. You know? It was amusing to a captive audience, and you can kind of pull it off in 15-20 minute increments at Disneyland, but ..." You take that back, Bushnell! Chuck E. Cheese's was a work of genius! Perhaps, I ventured, it was time for an animatronic renaissance. I told him about Skylanders, the newish billion dollar franchise for Activision that roughly merges real world toys with digital characters. And then there is the company Anki, a robotics and gaming company that wants to bring physical characters to life. "We're giving physical characters the ability to know where they're located in an environment and what's around them and to be able to come to life and execute a person, intention, a personality," Anki's CEO told me. Weren't all these things pointers to a revival of the vision, or at least some derivative of this strange merging of software and physical characters? Maybe Teddy Ruxpin and his ilk were just false starts and now the real animatronic revolution could begin! "I don't think I'd back that venture," he said. But. But. Childhood dreams die, I guess. * * * BONUS! A giftastic visual guide to The Recipe for Chuck E. Cheese's Pizza Time Theater. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video Meeting the Son of Your Sister’s Killer In an exclusive excerpt from The Witness, Kitty Genovese's brother gets close to confronting her murderer. Nadine Ajaka 12:04 PM ET About the Author Alexis C. Madrigal is a contributing editor for The Atlantic. He's the author of Powering the Dream: The History and Promise of Green Technology. Twitter Email Most Popular Presented by Lucas Jackson / Reuters 'All of This Space Was Full': A Photographic Fact Check Alan Taylor White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer’s assertion that the National Mall was "full when the president took the Oath of Office" is demonstrably false. On January 21, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer issued a statement criticizing journalists for their coverage of President Trump's inauguration. Some media outlets, Spicer claimed, were using photographs of the event in misleading and deceptive ways. To back this claim up, Spicer made a number of assertions that turned out to be false. He offered incorrect D.C. Metro-ridership numbers, and said that white ground coverings had never been used on the Mall during Inauguration before, when they had been employed in 2013. Two days later, during his first press conference, Spicer blamed the bad Metro numbers on an "outside agency" and stated that his claim about the "largest audience to ever witness an inauguration, period," was meant to include all viewership, in person and online, rather than referring to the in-person crowd specifically. Continue Reading Carlos Barria / Reuters How Ultrasound Became Political Moira Weigel The technology has been used to create sped-up videos that falsely depict a response to stimulus. One of the first measures that Republicans in the 115th Congress proposed was the “Heartbeat Protection Act.” On January 11, a group led by Steve King of Iowa introduced a bill that would require doctors nationwide to “check for a fetal heartbeat” before performing an abortion, and prohibit them from completing the procedure if they found one. In December, Republicans in the Ohio state legislature put forth a similar measure. Governor John Kasich vetoed it, observing that such a law would almost certainly be struck down as unconstitutional, but approved a 20-week abortion ban. Opponents of the heartbeat bills have pointed out that they would eliminate abortion rights almost entirely—making the procedure illegal around four weeks after fertilization, before many women realize that they are pregnant. These measures raise even more elementary questions: What is a fetal heartbeat? And why does it matter? Continue Reading Jonathan Ernst / Reuters Is Trump's Presidency Off to a Successful Start? David A. Graham Overshadowed by headlines about chaos and infighting, the new administration is notching a string of early victories. From some angles, the Trump presidency is off to a rocky start. There were the somewhat disappointing crowds at the inauguration, and then the needless lies about them, presented as “alternative facts.” There’s the controversy over Trump’s remarks to the CIA, and precisely who in the crowd cheered his visit. On Monday, the president repeated a dumb and unnecessary lie about illegal ballots having cost him the popular vote during a meeting with members of Congress. The Washington Post reports in detail on White House infighting and an attempted reboot—just four days into the administration. ABC’s The Note frowns, “He can’t help himself, and he isn’t helping himself.” But what if the Trump presidency is actually off to a surprisingly effective start? For months, Trump has shown a perverse ability to overshadow his own message with chaos and disorder, and the first five days of his administration fit right into that pattern. Continue Reading ABC In Praise of Corinne, The Bachelor's Human Conspiracy Theory Megan Garber Is she for real? Is she an actor? Is she really a 24-year-old with a nanny? [This post reveals minor “plot” points of episode 5 of The Bachelor season 21.] Continue Reading Evan Vucci / AP Trump’s Dakota Access Pipeline Memo: What We Know Right Now Robinson Meyer The White House didn’t release the text of the executive order at first. Updated on January 24 at 2:45 p.m. On Tuesday afternoon, President Donald Trump signed a memorandum ordering the Secretary of the Army to expedite approval of the Dakota Access Pipeline, a 1,100-mile pipeline linking the North Dakota oil fields to a river terminal in Illinois. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers denied final approval to the project late last year, after months of protests from the local Standing Rock Sioux tribe and from Native people nationwide. The text of Trump’s executive memorandum has now been made public. It can be found on Document Cloud. He also issued an executive order expediting the environmental-review and approval process as required by the National Environmental Policy Act. Continue Reading Kevin Lamarque / Reuters How Trump's Speech to the CIA Endangered America Conor Friedersdorf The president repeated his belief that the U.S. should have taken Iraq’s oil, ominously adding that the CIA may “have another chance.” Every American, regardless of who they voted for in the election, should be furious with President Donald Trump for what he told the CIA during a recent meeting at its headquarters. I do not mean his digressions about the size of the crowd at his inauguration and the number of times he has appeared on the cover of Time magazine, although it does not inspire confidence to see the president waste fleeting time with national-security employees on his vanity rather than our security. It’s his comments on Iraq that ought to make Americans apoplectic, for in the space of seconds, Trump managed to utter words that are 1) morally repugnant, 2) certain to be exploited as a recruiting tool by America’s terrorist enemies, and 3) likely to help foreign adversaries diminish America’s reputation and power. For the sake of an indisciplined, self-indulgent riff, Trump made Americans less safe. Continue Reading J. Scott Applewhite / AP The Republican Health Plan That Doesn't Repeal Obamacare Russell Berman As the party struggles to agree on a replacement, a group of GOP senators unveil a bill that would give states the option to keep it. The vast majority of Republicans in Congress haven’t budged from their longstanding vow to completely repeal the Affordable Care Act. But as the party struggles to write a replacement, a few GOP lawmakers are declaring their support for keeping the law on the books in some form indefinitely. A group of senators on Monday unveiled legislation that would give states the option of preserving Obamacare, securing federal support for a more conservative health-insurance system, or opting out of any assistance from Washington. Offered as a middle ground in the partisan health-care fight, the proposal breaks with years of Republican orthodoxy on the 2010 law, which party leaders have pledged to rip out “root and branch.” Continue Reading This Is Your Brain on Gluten James Hamblin A No. 1 bestseller by a respected physician argues that gluten and carbohydrates are at the root of Alzheimer's disease, anxiety, depression, and ADHD. What to make of the controversial theory? “If you could make just three simple changes in your life to prevent, or even reverse, memory loss and other brain disorders, wouldn’t you?” So asks Dr. David Perlmutter, in promotion of his PBS special Brain Change, coming soon to your regional affiliate. Three changes. Simple ones. Wouldn’t you? The 90-minute special is a companion to Perlmutter’s blockbuster book on how gluten and carbs are destroying our brains. In November it became a New York Times number one bestseller. Since its September release, as Perlmutter told me, “It’s never not been on the bestseller list, frankly.” “Is it still number one?” I asked. A pause over the phone as he checked. In modern interview style, we were both also on our computers. Continue Reading Joshua Roberts / Reuters The Meaning of 'Access' to Health Care Olga Khazan Why Republicans like HHS nominee Tom Price are emphasizing “universal access” over “universal coverage” Representative Tom Price, President Trump’s pick to lead the Department of Health and Human Services, has a word he uses often when he talks about his vision for health care in the United States: “access.” “Access” kept coming up as the Georgia Republican answered questions from the Senate Finance Committee at his confirmation hearing Tuesday. Senator Ron Wyden asked Price if people would be worse off under the executive order Trump penned right after his inauguration, which instructs agencies to “minimize the unwarranted economic and regulatory burdens of the [Affordable Care Act].” Wyden is asking, essentially, if Price would stop enforcing Obamacare, and if so, if people would suffer. Price had this to say: “What I want I commit to, Senator, is working with you and every single member of Congress to make certain we have the highest quality health care and that every single American has access to affordable coverage.” Continue Reading Kevin Dietsch / Pool / Getty What Does Trump's 'Day of Patriotic Devotion' Really Mean? Andrew McGill The president declared his own inauguration a national holiday. But the language he used says something more. You could be forgiven for forgetting the National Day of Patriotic Devotion—technically, it happened before it was ever declared. Donald Trump established it with a stroke of a pen sometime after his inauguration; the official proclamation appeared Monday in the Federal Register. That bit isn’t all that unusual. Presidents christen National Days Of Things all the time. President Barack Obama, for example, proclaimed the day of his own inauguration in 2009 a “National Day of Renewal and Reconciliation,” calling “upon all of our citizens to serve one another and the common purpose of remaking this Nation for our new century.” He annually declared September 11 to be “Patriot Day.” But “Patriotic Devotion” strikes a different note—flowery, vaguely compulsory. Continue Reading Ways to Avoid Staring at Your Phone Before Bed James Hamblin, Nicolas Pollock, and Alice Roth Every night, set aside “the amazing hour." Watch Video What It Was Like to Watch the U.S. Presidential Election in a London Bar Nadine Ajaka “I can’t believe that the greatest country on earth, the best two people they can muster are these two individuals.” Watch Video How Will Cities Adjust to the Population Boom? Nadine Ajaka A video essay on the future of urbanization Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Technology Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad >
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe Authors Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives U.S. inauguration Women’s March Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives U.S. inauguration Women’s March News Politics Economy Education Culture Society Work Multimedia Follow Us Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Scott Feschuk John Geddes Scott Gilmore Jonathon Gatehouse Anne Kingston Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Martin Patriquin Shannon Proudfoot Evan Solomon All Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   2 Can RBC help stop Canada’s brain drain in deep learning? Despite RBC nabbing a big name, it’s hard to be optimistic that the stars of a hot, made-in-Canada tech field won’t decamp to the U.S. anyway Adrian Lee January 18, 2017 Follow @AdrianKLee Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   A Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) sign is seen outside of a branch in Ottawa. (Chris Wattie/Reuters) These days, deep learning is all the rage. Tech’s biggest players, from Intel to Amazon, are betting big on the artificial intelligence technique modelled after the instincts of the human brain, with its ability to read patterns, sense rules, and make the best decision accordingly. Not long ago, Google spent more than $400 million to buy industry-leading startup DeepMind, and scored a major tech and marketing coup when the computer AlphaGo defeated grandmaster Lee Sedol at the possibility-lush game of Go—an achievement hundreds of times more complex than when Deep Blue beat Garry Kasparov at chess. Deep learning is being touted as a way forward for climate science, medicine and genomics; it’s already embedded in the way you search for something online, when you Google image search for, say, “cat,” and feline photos come up as a result of AI learning of what “cat” means. But it wasn’t always the popular kid in the block. In its early days in the 1980s, deep learning’s mostly Canadian pioneers—in particular, the trio of Geoffrey Hinton, Yoshua Bengio, and Yann LeCun, who worked largely out of an institute in Toronto—were dismissed as foolish apostates. “At the time, it didn’t solve big practical AI problems, it didn’t replace the existing technology,” said Hinton, considered the godfather of deep learning, in a 2016 interview with Maclean’s. But when computing power started to advance at an incredible rate, deep learning’s potential for AI was unlocked, turning huge piles of data into artificial intelligence that could, effectively, learn like our brain. MORE: Geoffrey Hinton explains how deep learning works Canada, though, hasn’t enjoyed much benefit for being an early adopter on the forefront of this technology. American companies have mostly picked the cupboard clean: Hinton now works with Google, LeCun leads Facebook’s AI research lab, and Bengio is an adviser with IBM, whose work out of the University of Montreal has earned significant funding from Google and beyond. Even Hinton has acknowledged this is cause for concern, in a recent Globe and Mail commentary written with other leading deep-learning experts: “There is one solution that will help keep the best minds in Canada, solve the current and future talent gap for domestic businesses, lure investment from foreign data-rich companies, and ensure Canada leads future AI breakthroughs: We must build a world-leading AI Institute in Toronto.” So it’s not insignificant that the Royal Bank of Canada’s Research in Deep Learning division—still shiny from its launch just seven months ago—has acquired the services of a big name in the field, adding Richard Sutton to its roster. Sutton wrote the book on the field of reinforcement learning, a technique which allows AI to teach itself what the best actions are using a reward-punishment system of its own, an area of deep learning that played a role in the success of DeepMind’s AlphaGo project. He will advise the group, currently based out of the University of Toronto, and also collaborate with RBC’s second AI research lab, which will be in Edmonton. “A lot of the development in deep learning came out of Canadian universities, yet the industry wasn’t positioned well enough to capitalize on that innovation, so we’ve lost a lot of people to south of the border,” said Foteini Agrafioti, who leads RBC’s deep-learning division. “That’s something we feel, as the biggest company in the country, we have the responsibility to invest in.” While Sutton is certainly not a household name, he is a major figure in deep learning, and a significant addition for a Canadian company nonetheless. Without a central hub for academics to branch out on their work in Canada, deep learning’s southbound pioneers served as pied pipers, bringing their students with them, creating a brain drain. Banking, too, seems to have plenty to offer deep-learning experts—in particular, rich historical data sets from decades of business. “The backbone of machine learning is data sets, and without that you’re really handcuffed. The bank has really interesting data sets from decades of market data that can be used to solve open problems right now,” says Agrafioti. Banking also offers some tantalizing practical applications for deep-learning innovators, too; of the three possibilities listed by Agrafioti—personalized AI-driven customer service, real-time fraud prevention and risk management—it’s the last one that might appeal most to those interested in industry disruption. Deep learning’s use of patterns to predict future activity appears to have tremendous potential for stock brokers, investment bankers, and asset managers—to assist them, at least for now. (For the record, Agrafioti demurs about the potential automation of those positions, rightly noting that there is no industry consensus on whether AI can ever truly become as or more powerful than the human brain.) It is, however, unclear if Canada’s banks—collectively the country’s largest companies—could reverse the tide of expertise migrating southward on their own. While the price tag of RBC’s investment in this lab is unclear, beyond Agrafioti’s cited cost of “tens of millions of dollars over the coming years,” Canada’s banks are unlikely to be able to match the dollar figures splashed around by companies like Tesla, which invested US$1 billion into Open AI in 2015. Canada’s Big Six banks themselves are less likely to feel the need to innovate, insulated as they are against the competitive agitation of fintech companies by their market position and regulatory bulwarks, and cognizant that Canada’s venture capitalism industry—usually the fuel for fintech—is far less fulsome than America’s. For these comfortable behemoth banks, the innovation stakes aren’t as high, a fact that Agrafioti acknowledges: “Our rate of adoption is, of course, not as fast as some tech companies.” Still, RBC deserves credit for at least pushing to develop more homegrown research. Scotiabank, CIBC, TD Canada Trust and Bank of Montreal were not able to respond at press time to requests for details about their own research into deep learning. (Scotiabank did, however, start a “digital factory” in 2015, which professed to partner with fintech startups to develop new technologies, and gifted the University of Toronto with $1.75 million to study “disruptive technologies,” while several big-bank CEOs acknowledged that AI needed to be harnessed within the industry at a recent conference.) But will it be enough to reverse the AI brain drain on its own? Surely not. The lure of money, vast data sets, and powerful computing in Silicon Valley remains a powerful pull for those at the peak of their profession. But if Canadian companies can learn anything from deep learning, it’s to take lessons from the many patterns of the past—struggles to innovate, and an inability to keep our best talent here—and project the right way forward in the future. And where better to start, than with the large data sets at the fingertips of our powerful banks? Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Filed under: deep learning Editor's Picks machine learning RBC Royal Bank of Canada Advertisement Advertisement    Post navigation Previous Ezra Levant: The Rebel’s unrepentant commander Next What marching means for a hellscape ahead Show comments Hide comments (2) Can RBC help stop Canada’s brain drain in deep learning? Obviously, we don’t own smart people or their ideas; they may go where they’re most wanted and/or where opportunity awaits them. One might ask, in the days of Harpernomics what signal was sent by directing much of the investment capital (in some years the majority) and much of government research funding into raw resource extraction? What message did researchers working under government support take away from the muzzle? With Canadians being notable homers, it takes more than a little pressure to push them away; however, the ‘brain drain’ is hardly a new notion. Reply ↓ GeraldR on January 18, 2017 at 9:17 pm Canada should rise to this challenge by making it easier for our young people to obtain the appropriate training. Instead, Trudeau repeatedly talks about bringing in the “best and brightest” from other countries to fill our Universities and hi-tech job openings. It has probably never been harder for young Canadians to obtain higher education. Besides the steep financial cost, gaining admission to many fields is extremely difficult and student housing is in short supply. At UBC, for example, the Dean of Engineering has complained that they can only take 1 in 5 qualified applicants. Meanwhile the University touts the fact that a third of their student body is made up of foreign students and this is increasing rapidly. This is directly related to the underfunding of the University by government – UBC’s financial plan states that admissions of Canadian students to most faculties has been frozen and all increases in enrollment will be made up from foreign students, who pay higher tuition fees and can help make up budget shortfalls. Something is terribly wrong. Reply ↓ Olde Grouch on January 21, 2017 at 9:43 pm Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Related stories Canada has nothing to learn from Donald Trump's America Andrew Leslie and Charlie Angus on the rise: Ottawa Power Rankings Donald Trump's pre-inaugural bash at the feet of Abraham Lincoln RBC Taylor Prize: Spotlight on Max Eisen Canada's top party schools 2017 Popular on Maclean's   1 of 2   How tiny details tell the bigger story of a surreal inauguration 18 comments Canada’s top party schools 2017 4 comments Ten years later, we ask again: What’s wrong in Regina? 3 comments Ezra Levant: The Rebel’s unrepentant commander 12 comments How Donald Trump will save the left 25 comments Maclean’s Donald Trump Tweet Predictor No. 2: Results 2 comments Sean Spicer has the craziest job in the Trump administration 8 comments The match struck by Trump’s gaslighting Canada remains on Donald Trump’s nice list—for now 3 comments What marching means for a hellscape ahead 16 comments Top Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Contact Us Site Map Subscribe Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Macleans.ca newsletters Need to know Essential reading on the national conversation. Sign up for a daily dose of news, commentary and analysis from the always thought-provoking Maclean's newsroom.† Storyline Every Saturday, we'll send you our editor's picks of the best stories on Macleans.ca† From our partners Yes! I would like Maclean's to send me alerts, information, event notifications, special deals and promotions from our carefully screened partners that they feel may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 2001-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 23 January 2017 | MYT 11:37 AM Apple files US$1bil lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm Big player: Qualcomm supplies modem chips to Apple and Samsung. — Reuters REUTERS: Apple Inc filed a US$1bil (RM4.44bil) lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc, days after the US government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40% of Qualcomm's US$23.5bil (RM104.3bil) in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in US District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some US$1bil (RM4.44bil) in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits.” Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm US$854mil (RM3.7bil) in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a US$975mil (RM4.3bil) fine in China, while the European Union in Dec 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the US Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple’s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1% after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyse their parts. —  Reuters You May Be Interested China's bitcoin exchanges slap on trading fees Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Time to say goodbye TM offers free speed upgrade – do you qualify? Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read Konta's learning curve continues against Serena AirAsia X gets FAA clearance to fly to the US Docs face uncertain livelihood advertisement Latest News Toshiba board to approve plans to split off chip business on Friday SAP nudges up multi-year outlook after posting in-line 2016 results Cloud-based network provider Aryaka raises US$45mil: source Samsung reveals the cause of Note 7 incidents Japanese banks agree to not call in some Toshiba loans early for now Most Viewed in Tech TM offers free speed upgrade – do you qualify? Pokemon Go unleashed on game-mad South Korea, six months late Samsung reveals the cause of Note 7 incidents China takes 5,500 porn, violent apps offline Japanese banks agree to not call in some Toshiba loans early for now Fingerprint Cards says former CEO arrested in market abuse probe Singapore 2G switchoff highlights digital divide Cloud-based network provider Aryaka raises US$45mil: source SAP nudges up multi-year outlook after posting in-line 2016 results 'Star Wars' game studio adds 'Portal' designer Kim Swift Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Latest News Rio Tinto bolsters core of growth & innovation unit Record chip profit masks Note 7 failure in Samsung Electronics' Q4 Defence reveals timing for new IT services panel Satellite operators get spectrum license tax cuts Last year's big DDoS attacks were only the beginning Follow Us Log In Newsletter   GOVERNMENT IT INFOSEC FINANCE IT TELCO Search GOVERNMENT IT INFOSEC FINANCE IT TELCO Benchmark Awards CXO Challenge Reports Blogs Topics Whitepapers What's On Log In Username: Password: Remember me |  Forgot password? Don't have an account? Register now! Benchmark Awards Reports Blogs Topics CXO Challenge Whitepapers What's On Apple accuses chipmaker of extortion in $1.3bn lawsuit By Staff Writer on Jan 23, 2017 6:57AM Goes head-to-head with Qualcomm in US court. Apple has filed a US$1 billion (A$1.3 billion) lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm, just days after the US government accused the chipmaker of resorting to anti-competitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung for chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's US$23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some US$1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm general counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless". "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits.” Qualcomm's stock closed 2.4 percent lower at US$62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm US$854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a US$975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. Last week, the US Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple’s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1 percent at US$36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through [the Apple contract loss] pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyse their parts. © 2016 Thomson Reuters. Click for Restrictions. Tags:apple court hardware qualcomm By Staff Writer Jan 23 2017 6:57AM 0 Comments Related Articles Samsung wins penalty reprieve in iPhone patent fight Qualcomm to give Windows 10 a shot in the ARM Apple blames 'external factors' for iPhone 6 fires Apple blames iPhone 6s battery problems on "air" Most Read Articles The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Landmark Australian ruling on what counts as 'personal information' NBN Co anticipating 'new problems' in metro rollout CEO ousted in AISA coup You must be a registered member of iTnews to post a comment. Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Whitepapers from our sponsors What will the stadium of the future look like? New technology adoption is pushing enterprise networks to breaking point Gartner names IBM a 'Leader' for Disaster Recovery as a Service The next era of business continuity: Are you ready for an always-on world? Most popular tech stories   Avaya files for bankruptcy protection, CEO calls it the 'best path forward' Avaya says Australian operations will be "business as usual" following bankruptcy Sydney MSP Brennan IT cracks $93 million in first year under new CEO Stephen Sims Ignia director Joshua Boys joins Microsoft as new Azure lead Five ways Donald Trump's Presidency could affect Apple   7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero 16 top tips for optimising Windows 10 36 top productivity-enhancing mobile apps How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers?   Top 25 fantasy games of all time How to: How much RAM do you really need? Head-to-Head: Synology DS216+ versus QNAP TS-251+ 2-bay NAS Everything you need to know about Elon Musk's Tesla Powerwall 2 Top 15 obscure video game consoles for collectors   10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Battlecruiser 3000: Screaming into the Void A gorgeous fan collection of Battlefront Scarif DLC shots Review: Alienware's Alpha R2 is a lost cause   Fujitsu updates retail analytics platform Australian retail robot set for 2017 launch Intel continues push into retail tech Is IoT the next ransomware frontier? How Elanation built a child-friendly wearable Contact Us About Us Advisory Board Feedback Advertise Newsletter Archive Site Map RSS   © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. OTHER TECH SITES: BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  IoT Hub  |  PC & Tech Authority  |  PC PowerPlay All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions. Log In Don't have an account? Register now! Username: Password: Remember me |  Forgot your password?
Celebrity News Photos Culture Style Video Store Celebrity News Flashback Health Kids Legal Matters Links Relationships Royalty Skin Wealth Photos Bikini Red Carpet Shirtless Sightings Culture Art Books Events Food Drinks Music Social Media Sports Theater TV & Film Style Beauty Fashion Models Red Carpet Shopping Video Store Share < br />this article: Deal of the Day: Save 43% on the Bonavita 5-Cup Digital Carafe Coffee Brewer Miu von Furstenberg | January 22, 2017 - 10:11 am Share < br />this article: Socialite Life Picks and Deals Below are the features of the Bonavita BV1500TD 5-Cup Digital Carafe Coffee Brewer. Programmable brew option with digital display Manual one-touch brew option Powerful and precise 1100-watt heater maintains optimal brewing temperature of 195 Degree-205 Degree (91 Degree-96 Degree) Voluntary pre-infusion mode saturates coffee grounds to allow degassing and enhance your coffee’s overall flavor Specially designed showerhead for ideal extraction in small batch sizes   BUY the Bonavita BV1500TD 5-Cup Digital Carafe Coffee Brewer, Stainless Steel HERE! Make sure to bookmark Socialite Life’s Picks and Deals page and us Twitter and Facebook to keep up to date on all the shopping deals and picks! More Socialite Life featured picks and deals: SOFTWARE DEAL: Save up to 39% on @turbotax Software – https://t.co/Bj31EZ73VR pic.twitter.com/YT8HB88k9Q — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 20, 2017 BOOZE DEAL: Save 15% or More + 1¢ Shipping on Carnivor California Cabernet Sauvignon – https://t.co/iGSL6ofCyY pic.twitter.com/1COjuwpJLG — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 21, 2017 Deal of the Day: Save 50% on the GreenPan Healthy Ceramic Nonstick Pans – https://t.co/rvzhhmfzZo pic.twitter.com/oEDdBlD2PG — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 20, 2017 SMART HOME DEAL: Save 20% on the @AUKEYofficial Remote Switch with 5 Wireless Outlets & 2 Remote Controls – https://t.co/Jd8qEea0tX pic.twitter.com/VFNvjbQYua — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 21, 2017 Deal of the Day: Save 33% on the Danby 120 Can Beverage Center – https://t.co/1bva5fNruH pic.twitter.com/BNEoVt7Bnv — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 19, 2017 FURNITURE DEAL: Save 15% on the Eurø Style Sandra Upholstered Side Dining Chair, Set of 2, Dark Gray – https://t.co/tjiFbSKS3D pic.twitter.com/jsQ5qPyMEM — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 19, 2017 LAPTOP DEAL: Save $100 on the @HP Envy 13-ab016nr (Intel Core i5-7200U, 8GB RAM, 256GB SSD) – https://t.co/Xu9egBQ7eU pic.twitter.com/MINWgwCXMk — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 20, 2017 KITCHEN DEAL: Save 40% on the Braun MQ777 Multiquick 7 Hand Blender in Black – https://t.co/U49MswNHKE pic.twitter.com/n39Yqjwh8Z — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 20, 2017 Spotlight Deal: Save 41% on the @TaoTronics 120ml Handheld Portable Fabric Steamer – https://t.co/CBWsrgyDgy pic.twitter.com/hQwZUDBae5 — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 18, 2017 PET DEAL: Save 20% on the Furbo Dog Camera: Treat Tossing, HD Wifi Cam, and 2-Way Audio – https://t.co/oaNRU0zapQ pic.twitter.com/EZs4XXegJi — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 19, 2017 FITBIT DEAL – Save $20 on the @fitbit Charge 2 Heart Rate + Fitness Wristband – https://t.co/V5KpqoPAam pic.twitter.com/XohAvIcmip — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 17, 2017 Spotlight Deal: Save 35% on the @epikgo Self Balancing Scooter Hover Self-Balance Board – https://t.co/miAp9QOrGX pic.twitter.com/VQgDBc5EfM — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 17, 2017 KITCHEN DEAL: Save 23% on the Ninja Coffee Bar Brewer with Glass Carafe – https://t.co/Cxjtukg7Uv pic.twitter.com/MzojMeuJJi — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 15, 2017 PAJAMA DEAL: Save 52% on Fruit of the Loom Mens Broadcloth Pajama Pant – https://t.co/OMVf5KYzih pic.twitter.com/lSp7mNfbdL — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 15, 2017 KITCHEN STORAGE DEAL: Save 54% on the Rubbermaid 50-Piece Easy Find Lid Food Storage Set – https://t.co/q9RJ3u4X8W pic.twitter.com/MHnrQ3CkZK — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 16, 2017 KITCHEN DEAL: Save 26% on the @HamiltonBeach 10-Cup Food Processor – https://t.co/wmoydIQNxr pic.twitter.com/SFugrfzsCY — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 12, 2017 Deal of the Day: Save 54% on the Instant Pot 6-in-1 Programmable Pressure Cooker – https://t.co/zatH8ivbYe pic.twitter.com/xBoflexkYC — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 11, 2017 KITCHEN DEAL: Save 15% on the Nutri Ninja Blender Duo with Auto-iQ – https://t.co/0fpyjJ52m9 pic.twitter.com/enKJ9p91Ob — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 11, 2017 CHARGER DEAL: Save 66% on the @AnkerOfficial Battery Case for iPhone 6 / 6s – https://t.co/EDvYwk7YTp #SLPicksAndDeals pic.twitter.com/b9fe9wpTyD — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 9, 2017 Spotlight Deal: Save 23% on the @fitbit Aria Scale – https://t.co/Jl3uACUNfG #SLPicksAndDeals pic.twitter.com/seHk5W6bZA — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 9, 2017 Deal of the Day: Save 48% on the @ZojirushiUSA Stainless Steel Mug – https://t.co/qkoWSqpnoB pic.twitter.com/VyBQ6TvElY — SL Picks and Deals (@SLPicksAndDeals) January 8, 2017 Deal of the Day: Save $50 on the @Xbox One S 500GB Console – Battlefield 1 Bundle – https://t.co/yyRuvT8Z0h pic.twitter.com/5FQcny3HwV — SOCIALITE LIFE (@socialitelife) January 5, 2017 Streaming Deal: Save 20% on the Roku Streaming Stick! – https://t.co/uI1qq33Fgr pic.twitter.com/2PdGuLMdag — SOCIALITE LIFE (@socialitelife) December 26, 2016 Socialite Life is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers. We also have a similar relationship with ShopStyle. Make sure to bookmark Socialite Life’s Picks and Deals page and us Twitter and Facebook to keep up to date on all the shopping deals and picks! Share < br />this article: Tags: Deal of the Day, Deals, Socialite Life Picks 0 Recommended for you Deal of the Day: Save 70% on the Bluboon Weekender Overnight Bag Deal of the Day: Save 41% on the BarksBar Large Gray Orthopedic Dog Bed Deal of the Day: Save 50% on Samsung Level On Wireless Noise Canceling Headphones Deal of the Day: Save 50% on the GreenPan Healthy Ceramic Nonstick Pans Deal of the Day: Save 33% on the Danby 120 Can Beverage Center Deal of the Day: Save 76% on the Dr. Meter Backlit Digital Hanging Luggage Scale Place code above your closing tag The Latest News All » Zac Efron, Dwayne Johnson & Priyanka Chopra ‘Baywatch’ Character Posters Revealed Constance Wu Is Disgusted by Casey Affleck’s Oscar Nomination Dubai Probes “Unauthorized” Kim Kardashian Visit to Charity-Newspaper Paris Jackson Reveals Suicide Attempts, Sexual Assault, Claims Michael Jackson Was Murdered ‘La La Land’ Leads Oscar Nominations With 14 Nods Latest Pics All » Zac Efron, Dwayne Johnson & Priyanka Chopra ‘Baywatch’ Character Posters Revealed Star Snaps: Matt Bomer Hits Up Sundance and More Celebrity Pics for January 23, 2017 Instagram 7: Grant Gustin, Adam Lambert, Tom Daley and More Lucas Loyola – Male Model Monday More than 1 Million Rally at Women’s Marches in US and Around World [PHOTOS] Socialite Life is part of Unimpressed Media, LLC. and the Mediavine Publisher Network About Socialite Life Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright
Film TV Club Music Food Books Games Aux Store More Today’s best deals: ThinkPad Yoga, wireless flash drive, and more Most Read A.V. Club Most Read 1 Photo: Twitter Posted Jan 24 Get Involved, Internet: Help this raw onion get more Twitter followers than Donald Trump 2 Photo: Tom Pennington / Getty Images Posted Jan 24 Michael Ian Black demands the White House address why Trump is a “needy little bitch” 3 (Photo: Netflix) Posted Jan 24 Here’s what’s coming to (and leaving from) Netflix in February 4 (Photo: Getty Images For Seeso, Emma McIntyre) Posted Jan 24 Most of Dan Harmon’s jokes got cut from Doctor Strange Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Newswire Reviews Video Great Job, Internet! Film TV Club Music Food Books Games Aux Store Newswire Features Reviews Videos Great Job, Internet! The Latest From Newswire (Photo: Getty Images/WireImage, Araya Diaz) Thomas Jane is being pursued by Shane Black’s The Predator Justin Theroux as Kevin Garvey in The Leftovers (Photo: Ben King/HBO) The Leftovers’ final season begins in April The Latest From Features Vanessa Witter with the sign she designed. (Photo: Scott Witter) “The nerds are also here”: Talking to the women who marched with Princess Leia The Arrowverse bursts through the brick wall of 2017 with back-to-back premieres The Latest From Reviews B Bryshere Y. Gray, Elijah Kelley, Keith Powers, Algee Smith, Luke James, and Woody McClain in The New Edition Story (Photo: BET/Viacom) If it isn’t love, then The New Edition Story is still pretty entertaining Screenshot: Capcom Resident Evil 7 is the confident, crazed revival this series has been dying for The Latest From Videos Do The Young Pope’s clues have to add up to anything?   Breaking down the White House press secretary’s long-running grudge against Dippin’ Dots   The Latest From Great Job, Internet! Photo: Handout/Getty Images Meryl Streep celebrates her 20th Academy Award nomination with a fitting GIF (Screenshot: The Cruz Show) Watch Migos transform “Bad And Boujee” into a llama-themed bedtime story All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Facebook Twitter Tumblr Music Income Disposal Today’s best deals: ThinkPad Yoga, wireless flash drive, and more By Shep McAllister Jan 22, 2017 10:38 AM Share Tweet Share Tweet Our friends from Kinja Deals are taking over Income Disposal. Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, The A.V. Club and Gizmodo Media Group may get a small share of the sale. Click here to learn more, and don’t forget to sign up for our email newsletter. We want your feedback. You’ll find a selection of the day’s best deals below, but for more, be sure to visit Kinja Deals. Lenovo Thinkpad Yoga 11E, $335 It’s not often that Amazon features a laptop as one of its deals of the day, so anyone who uses a desktop at home or work should definitely check out this $335 Lenovo Thinkpad Yoga for their portable computing needs. Though this laptop runs Windows 10, its price is pretty similar to a lot of Chromebooks, though its 4GB of RAM, 128GB SSD, and power-sipping Intel Core M processor far exceed what you’d find in most of Google’s alternatives. The real highlight feature though is its IPS touchscreen. Sure, at 11.6 inches, and a 1366 x 768 resolution, this might not be your main computer. But since it’s a Yoga, you can flip it into all sorts of different poses. Need to carry it around? Turn it into a tablet. Finished working on a plane, and just want to watch a movie? Flip it into stand mode to get the keyboard out of the way. Is it an amazing laptop? No. But it’s a very solid deal at $335. Just note that this price is only available today, and it could very well sell out early. Protein Gold Box Ready to get fit? Today only, Amazon’s offering big discounts on a huge array of protein products from MuscleTech, Hydroxycut, and more. Inside, you’ll find dozens of powders and protein bars in a variety of flavors and formulas. You’ll also save more on select items if you use Subscribe & Save, which you can always cancel after your first delivery. Just remember that like all Gold Box deals, these prices are only available today, or until sold out. SanDisk Connect Wireless Flash Drive, $30 This discounted flash drive doesn’t look like anything special at first blush, but hit one button, and it transforms into tiny wireless media server, allowing you to pull up files on any of your devices, including phones and tablets. That means next time you travel, you can stream movies to your tablet or store photos from your phone without filling up your device’s precious onboard storage. Today’s $30 price tag is a match for the 64GB model’s all-time low. T-fal OptiGrill, $93 Indoor electric grills are a dime-a-dozen, but few have the smarts of T-fal’s OptiGrill. In addition to six dedicated cooking modes for different types of meat, its onboard computer automatically adjusts cooking times depending on the thickness of the meat you’re cooking, and beeps when it hits rare, medium, and well-done. Today’s $93 deal is an all-time low, but it’s only available today, or until sold out. Etekcity Digital Kitchen Scale, $11 Kitchen scales not only improve your meals’ consistency, they can make cleanup much easier as well. If you still don’t own one, this attractive stainless steel model from Etekcity can be yours for just $11 today. Aukey Bluetooth Headphones, $13 with code AUKBTEP4 Still don’t own a set of Bluetooth headphones? You can fix that today for just $13. For the rest of today’s best deals, be sure to head over to Kinja Deals. Share Tweet Filed Under: Music, AUX, Food, Deals More Income Disposal Previous Income Disposal Today’s best deals: Truly wireless headphones, Madden NFL 17, and more Next Income Disposal Today’s best deals: Candles, surround sound, and more WATCH VIDEO FROM THE A.V. CLUB Don't miss a story—follow The A.V. Club on: Can't see comments? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Content continues below A.V. Club Most Read 1 Photo: Twitter Posted Jan 24 Get Involved, Internet: Help this raw onion get more Twitter followers than Donald Trump 2 Photo: Tom Pennington / Getty Images Posted Jan 24 Michael Ian Black demands the White House address why Trump is a “needy little bitch” 3 (Photo: Netflix) Posted Jan 24 Here’s what’s coming to (and leaving from) Netflix in February 4 (Photo: Getty Images For Seeso, Emma McIntyre) Posted Jan 24 Most of Dan Harmon’s jokes got cut from Doctor Strange More Income Disposal Today’s best deals: Candles, surround sound, and more Jan 23, 2017 1:15 PM Today’s best deals: ThinkPad Yoga, wireless flash drive, and more Jan 22, 2017 10:38 AM Today’s best deals: Truly wireless headphones, Madden NFL 17, and more Jan 20, 2017 1:01 PM Today’s best deals: Microwave bacon, toilet light, and more Jan 19, 2017 3:55 PM Sign up for news Daily Newsletter Highlights from The A.V. Club What's On Tonight A daily update on the world of TV Submit Links and such All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Contests RSS About Us Contact Advertise Jobs Privacy Policy The A.V. Club Store Our Partners Hitfix Mental Floss Oh My Rockness Uproxx Upworthy Vice © Copyright 2017 Onion Inc. All Rights Reserved.  
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360MarketUpdates Tweet   Flip Chip Market Research Key Players, Industry Overview, Supply Chain and Analysis to 2017  2022 This Flip Chip Market research gives a comprehensive analysis of Industry with professional and in-depth study on the current state. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 22, 2017 ) Flip Chip Market is expected to witness growth in international market with respect to advancements and innovations, including development history, competitive analysis and regional development forecast, trends and leading companies. Get Sample PDF of Flip Chip Market Report@ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10431679 Next part of the Flip Chip Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. Key Players Profiled in Flip Chip Report Includes: ASE Group Amkor Intel Corporation Powertech Technology STATS ChipPAC Samsung Group Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing United Microelectronics Global Foundries Other key players are profiled on regular basis. The report features an up-to-date data on key companys product details, revenue figures, and sales. Furthermore, this report features tables and figures that render a clear perspective of this market. For More Detail Understanding and Descriptive Analysis of Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies in Flip Chip Market: https://www.360marketupdates.com/global-flip-chip-market-research-report-2017-10431679 Further in the report, the global Flip Chip Market is examined for price, cost and gross. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. Applications of Flip Chip Market: CPU GPU(GraphicProcessor Unit) Chipset Other Split by Product Types: C4(Controlled Collapse Chip Connection) DCA(Direct Chip Attach) FCAA(Flip Chip Adhesive Attachement) The global Flip Chip Market consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Ask for Discount@ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-discount/10431679 Scope of the Flip Chip Market by Regions: North America Europe China Japan Korea Taiwan. To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Global Flip Chip Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross overview and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. Major table of content included in Flip Chip Market report: Market Overview by Types, Application and Regions Company Basic Information Manufacturing Base and Competitors Manufacturing Cost Analysis Key Raw Materials Key Suppliers Manufacturing Process Analysis Marketing Strategy Analysis Market Positioning by Pricing, Brand and Target In this Global Flip Chip Market analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in the report. Price of Report: $ 2900(Single User Licence) Speak to Expert@https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10431679 About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Information: 360MarketUpdates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
HOME NEWS Channels Archive DOWNLOADS New Downloads Categories Archive GAME REVIEWS ARTICLES Rig of the Month Join ROTM PC Buyers Guide Guru3D VGA Charts Editorials Dated content HARDWARE REVIEWS Videocards Processors Audio Motherboards Memory and Flash SSD Storage Chassis Media Players Power Supply Laptop and Mobile Smartphone Networking Keyboard Mouse Cooling Search articles Knowledgebase More Categories FORUMS NEWSLETTER CONTACT New Reviews Resident Evil 7 : PC graphics performance benchmark review MSI Z270 GAMING M7 review SuperMicro C7Z270-CG review be quiet! Pure Base 600 review ASRock Z270 Gaming K6 Fatal1ty review NZXT Kraken X62 Review Gigabyte GA-Z270X Gaming 5 Review Corsair Gaming SCIMITAR PRO RGB game mouse review Editorial: AMD VEGA GPU Architecture Preview ASUS TUF Z270 Mark I Motherboard Review New Downloads GeForce 378.49 WHQL driver download Display Driver Uninstaller Download version 17.0.5.0 AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.1.1 driver download Realtek HD Audio 2.81 driver download GeForce 376.60 Hotfix driver download AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 16.12.2 driver download Jan 9 WHQL Release Corsair Utility Engine Download v2.8.70 GeForce 376.48 Hotfix driver download HWiNFO64 Download v5.42 Samsung NVMe SSD Driver Download v2.0 New Forum Topics Review: Resident Evil 7 : PC graphics performance 7700K OC'in time - voltages? Nvidia Geforce 378.49 Drivers - Download & Discussion Resident Evil 7 For Honor Yakuza 0 Could My House's Electricity Be A Problem? DirectX Error "GetDeviceRemovedReason" with Battlefield 1 Mozilla Firefox, new releases, Add-Ons, tips for customisation Getting a new TV, need some advice about size/ppi. Guru3D.com » News » Biostar reveals Z270 RACING line of motherboards Biostar reveals Z270 RACING line of motherboards by Hilbert Hagedoorn on: 01/16/2017 09:18 AM | Source | 0 comment(s) BIOSTAR is proud to announce the full line-up for the new 2nd-generation RACING series motherboards featuring support for Intel’s 7th-generation Core processors. Following the announcement last week of the flagship RACING Z270GT9, today BIOSTAR proudly announces the different level products of the new RACING series family with the introduction of the RACING Z270GT8, RACING Z270GT6 and RACING Z270GT4 motherboards featuring the latest technology from BIOSTAR inpsired by the quest for the best in gaming features. The 2nd-gen RACING series Z270 motherabord lineup brings a new level of gaming experience and performance-oriented motherboards to gamers and enthusiasts. The 2nd- Gen RACING Series Z270 Family RACING Z270GT8 Standing at the top of the BIOSTAR’s RACING series product stack is the flagship RACING Z270GT9 featuring all the best from the 2nd-Gen RACING series. Following it is the BIOSTAR RACING Z270GT8 which supports LGA1151 processors and DDR4 memory modules up to DDR4-3600 speeds and 64GB capacity. The RACING Z270GT8 has the integrated M.2 Cooling Protection by BIOSTAR which allows M.2 devices to operate on a lower temperature thus maintaining optimal performance even under harsh operating conditions. The BIOSTAR RACING Z270GT8 will be available as a bundle with the Intel 600p 256GB M.2 SSD with an MSRP of $329. RACING Z270GT6 The BIOSTAR RACING Z270GT6 supports LGA1151 processors including Intel 7th-generation Core processors. The RACING Z270GT6 features the flashy VIVID LED Armor as well as the 5050 LED Fun Zone allowing gamers and enthusiasts to fully customize and tailor their rigs for their personal style. Intel LAN offers a robust networking solution guaranteeing incredible network performance for the most demanding online games. The BIOSTAR RACING Z270GT6 will come with a bundled BIOSTAR G300 Series 240GB SSD and will have an MSRP of $209. RACING Z270GT4 The BIOSTAR Z270GT4 also supports 7th-generation Intel Core processors as well as the previous-gen processors but brings support for Intel Optane Memory which is a future-ready feature when the next-generation high-speed storage from Intel arrives in the market. Integrated Dual BIOS assures system integrity and prevents issues with the BIOS as well as possible infections that may harm the system. The BIOSTAR RACING Z270GT4 will come bundled with a BIOSTAR VIVID LED DJ fan and will have an MSRP of $129. Experience Intense Armor Warfare with World of Tanks together with BIOSTAR RACING Series Indulge in the most realistic armored warfare experience with BIOSTAR and World of Tanks as they bring gamers closer to the actual battlefield with superb performance. Enjoy the BIOSTAR advantage in World of Tanks when you buy a BIOSTAR RACING motherboard, VGA or gaming peripheral where you will receive an exclusive invite codes for premium gift packs for World of Tanks gamers in Asia server. Charge into battle with the BIOSTAR advantage. BIOSTAR RACING 2nd-Gen Series Features  The full-wave of features from the 2nd-gen BIOSTAR motherboards echo throughout the series with M.2 Cooling Protection for optimal operating conditions for M.2 storage, Lightning Charger for fast charging of your mobile devices so you can get more of your PC instead of tying up the wall outlet. Another feature designed for overclockers is Digita Power+ for stable power delivery and endurance. For added style, all the new motherboards feature VIVID LED DJ support and 5050 LED Fun Zone with dual header for full customization freedom. Be future-ready with BIOSTAR RACING series for tomorrow’s storage technology with built-in Intel Optane Memory support.  Break limits and enjoy uninhibited speed with BIOSTAR performance features that offer speed that gamers need to dominate their games. These new features will bring a new level of experience for gamers and enthusiasts. High-Speed Storage Bundle To compliment the performance of this motherboard, BIOSTAR is also proud to be the first its special bundle for upgraders, enthusiasts and system builders upgrading to the new Intel 200-series platform which brings support for Intel’s new Optane technology. Buy BIOSTAR RACING Z270GT8 or RACING Z270GT9 get Intel 600p series 256GB M.2 SSD, the latest storage technology from Intel running on PCI-Express Gen3 x4 speeds for unrivaled speeds versus traditional mechanical hard drives. BIOSTAR is offering this introductory promotion for everyone to experience the power of the new Intel platform offering incredibly amazing performance and great value together with BIOSTAR motherboards. BIOSTAR is the first brand to bring together this bundle and offer it to gamers for the best experience on their new systems. Specifications           Model RACING Z270GT8 RACING Z270GT6 RACING Z270GT4 Chipset Intel Z270 CPU SUPPORT Intel® Core™ i7 LGA 1151 Processor Intel® Core™ i5 LGA 1151 Processor Intel® Core™ i3 LGA 1151 Processor Intel® Pentium® LGA 1151 Processor Intel® Celeron® LGA 1151 Processor Maximum CPU TDP (Thermal Design Power) : 95Watt MEMORY Support Dual Channel DDR4 3600(OC)/ 2400/ 2133/ 1866 MHz 4 x DDR4 DIMM Memory Slot Max. Supports up to 64GB Memory Support Dual Channel DDR4 3200(OC)/ 2400/ 2133/ 1866 MHz 4 x DDR4 DIMM Memory Slot Max. Supports up to 64GB Memory Support Dual Channel DDR4 3200(OC)/ 2400/ 2133/ 1866 MHz 4 x DDR4 DIMM Memory Slot Max. Supports up to 64GB Memory EXPANSION SLOT 4 x PCI-E x16 3.0 Slot(x16, x8, x4, x4) 2 x PCI-E x16 3.0 Slot(x4)(Intel® Optane Technology ready) 1 x PCI-E x16 3.0 Slot(x16) 2 x PCI-E x16 3.0 Slot(x4)(Intel® Optane Technology ready) 4 x PCI-E x1 3.0 Slot   2 x PCI-E x16 3.0 Slot(x16, x4) 2 x PCI-E x1 3.0 Slot STORAGE 6 x SATA3 2 x U.2 32Gb/s 1 x M.2 Key M 32Gb/s Connector (Intel® Optane Memory ready) 6 x SATA3 1 x U.2 32Gb/s 1 x M.2 Key M 32Gb/s Connector (Intel® Optane Memory ready) 6 x SATA3 1 x U.2 32Gb/s 1 x M.2 Key M 32Gb/s Connector (Intel® Optane Memory ready) USB 1 x USB 3.1 Type-C Port 1 x USB 3.1 Port 4 x USB 3.0 Port 1 x USB 3.0 Header 2 x USB 2.0 Header 1 x USB 3.0 Type-C Port 4 x USB 3.0 Port 1 x USB 3.0 Header 2 x USB 2.0 Port 2 x USB 2.0 Header 1 x USB 3.0 Type-C Port 3 x USB 3.0 Port 1 x USB 3.0 Header 2 x USB 2.0 Port 2 x USB 2.0 Header LAN Intel I219V - Gigabit Ethernet PHY INTEGRATED VIDEO By CPU model Supports DX12 Supports HDCP CODEC Realtek ALC1220 8-Channel Blu-ray Audio Support Blu-ray Audio Support HD Audio Support Biostar Hi-Fi Rate this story Rating: 1 ... Bad 2 ... Not the best 3 ... Average 4 ... Good 5 ... Awesome « EK is announcing Modular Liquid Cooling · Biostar reveals Z270 RACING line of motherboards · Panasonic RP-SUDP3 USB 3.1 Portable SSDs Released » Related Stories AMD X300 Motherboards Galore - photos ASRock MSI BioStar and Gigabyte - 01/05/2017 09:21 AM It is X370 galore today it seems. AMD just launched 16 AM4 motherboards that will become available from five different manufacturers.... BIOSTAR Racing Z270GT9 Motherboard has 6 PCIe slots - 01/03/2017 02:51 PM BIOSTAR releases their RACING Z270GT9. Featuring the latest Intel Z270 chipset, this motherboard supports LGA1151 processors for the latest in performance and power as well as the best features includ... BIOSTAR Launches GeForce GTX 1050 Ti Graphics Card - 12/22/2016 09:38 AM BIOSTAR is proud to announce its latest addition to its line of gaming products with its new VGA for gamers looking for the perfect balance of price and performance with the new BIOSTAR GeForce GTX 10... Biostar Racing AM3 Gaming Mouse With PMW 3320 Sensor - 12/19/2016 09:59 AM The nicely priced RACING AM3. Designed to aid gamers who are looking for a precision, high-performance mouse that can meet their needs.... Biostar Shares Next Gen Motherboard Features and is going for 10 Gbit Ethernet - 12/09/2016 01:38 PM Biostar shared some information on their Z270 series motherboards ahead of CES. It's mostly the same as Z170 really with a couple of changes and RGB bling for most manufacturers. However on the netwo... Post New Comment Click here to post a comment for this news story on the message forum. Guru3D.com © 2017
Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact News - Top Digital migration has ‘failed’ Start-ups - Top SA start-up launches ‘Tinder for cars’ Home In-depth News Off-beat Opinion Adii Pienaar Alan Knott-Craig Jr Aleks Gostev Alison Gillwald Alistair Fairweather Andrew Fraser Andrew Rens Andy Marken Angus Hay Anton Harber Anton Meyer Antony Seeff Arno du Toit Art Coviello Ayo Ajayi Bradley Shaw Brett Parker Cameron MacKenzie Candice Jones Chris Moerdyk Chris Roper Craig Lappan Craig Neill Craig Raw Craig Wilson Danie Nel Danie Pienaar Darryl Bernstein Dave Gale Dave MacDonald David Glance David Liu David Walker De Wet Bisschoff Denis Smit Dirk de Vos Dominic Cull Don MacRobert Duncan McLeod Eckart Zollner Elaine de Beer Eric Edelstein Eric MK Osiakwan Erika van der Merwe Etienne Louw Faith Muthambi Francois Beyleveld Fungai Sibanda Gaelyn Scott Gareth Knight Gavin Davis Genna Robb Gerard Soverall Gill Moodie Gisèle Wertheim Aymés Gizela Parker Graham Beneke Graham Braum Graham Friend Greg Mahlknecht Gregory Serandos Guy Zibi Helen Zille Henk Kleynhans Herman Blignaut Hillary Clinton Hilton Tarrant Howard Blake Howard Rybko Ihab Moawad Indra de Lanerolle Isaac Mophatlane Ismail Vadi Ivo Vegter Jacques Rousseau Jacqui O'Sullivan James Francis Jan Dawson Jana van Zyl Jannie van Zyl Jason Norwood-Young Jason Xenopoulos Jasson Urbach Joe Mjwara Jose Dos Santos Juanita Clark Justin McCarthy Justin Schwellnus Justin Spratt Karl Muller Kathleen Rice Keith Jones Keith Thabo Kenny Inggs Kevin Phillips Lara Pienaar Lawrence Lundy Leon G Marincowitz Lisa Thornton Lloyd Gedye Luke Muller Maphanga Maseko Marc Ashton Marcel Kramer Marian Shinn Marius Burger Mark Acton Mark Pretorius Mark Seftel Mark Taylor Mark Whitby Martha Bennett Matthew French Michael Jordaan Mike Mulcahy Mophethe Moletsane Muzi Makhaye Nafisa Akabor Nathan Jeffery Nathaniel Borenstein Neil Campbell Neil Watson Nic Callegari Nick Jones Owen Dean Pallo Jordan Paris Mashile Pascal Matzke Patricia de Lille Patrick Gaspard Paul Jacobson Paul Theron Peter Karaszi Peter Streicher Peter Walsh Pieter Steyn Prenesh Padayachee Pria Chetty Rachel Sikwane Regardt van der Berg Reshaad Sha Richard Firth Richard Mullins Rob Lith Roger Hislop Romeo Kumalo Russel Yeo Russell Lamberti Russell Southwood Ryk van Niekerk Sasha Naryshkine Schalk Nolte Shameel Joosub Shashi Hansjee Simon Dingle Sipho Hlongwane Sipho Maseko Siya Qoza Siyabonga Cwele Siyabonga Madyibi Songezo Zibi Steve Song Steven Ambrose Steven Cohen Styli Charalambous Sunil Gopal Suveer Ramdhani Tawana Kupe Thabiso Moerane Tim Genders Tim James Tim Parle Tim Shier Tim Walter Tim Wyatt-Gunning Timothy Kroon Toby Shapshak Tony Gunnarsson Verashni Pillay Vicky Stilwell Vincent Hoogduijn Vinolan David William Stucke Willington Ngwepe Yunus Carrim Zunaid Bulbulia People Podcasts TalkCentral ZA Tech Show Reviews Start-ups Weekend About Advertise Newsletter Contact The tech pendulum is swinging again In the early 1990s, you were lucky to get an e-mail a day. Today you are lucky if you can read 100 e-mails and get through your daily workload. The same systems that have granted us more space to accomplish have also grown bloated. By Brett Parker. Added by Brett Parker on 22 January 2017. Saved under Brett Parker, Opinion, Top Tags: Brett Parker, Intel, Microsoft, SAP, SAP Africa Tweet If you frequent the conferences and launches held by technology companies, you would surely have come across statements similar to the following: “Up to 40% of today’s Fortune 500 companies will not be around in a decade’s time. They will have disappeared into mergers, acquisitions or extinction.” This is not a new trend. According to the American Enterprise Institute, nearly 90% of Fortune 500 companies that existed in 1955 are no longer with us. Modern emphasis resides on the speed at which companies change and disappear. This has increased the “corporate burn rate”, which is indeed running at high levels. Yet even here we are not in uncharted territory. A company from the first half of the 20th century could expect a lifespan of at least 50 years. By the 1970s, this had dropped to roughly 30 years. We can look to the 1970s as the first definable major milestone in this trend. The rise of business machines, automation and other technologies were creating a new breed of company. Those were the years that saw the rise of Microsoft, Intel and other technology game changers. The mainframe computer had graduated from high-end hardware used by militaries and governments to a mainstream business tool. Consumers were starting to enhance their lifestyles with cheap televisions, ATMs, microwaves and affordable cars. The world was changing rapidly, and with it companies rose and fell on their ability to respond. The 1980s and 1990s became the eras of rapid productivity gains. Based on US figures from the Heritage Foundation, productivity doubled between 1970 and 2010 while the average hourly rate declined. This is both good and bad, but it illustrates with certainty the impact of productivity technologies during the last decades of the 20th century. From spreadsheets to e-mail to switchboards to fax machines to ERP suites — these were productivity’s catalysts. Eventually, though, every pendulum must reverse course. Those innovations started attracting complexity. In the early 1990s, you were lucky to get an e-mail a day. Today you are lucky if you can read 100 e-mails and get through your daily workload. The same systems that have granted us more space to accomplish have also grown bloated. This is not new either: the reason why technologies in the 1970s boosted productivity is because they were replacing overwhelming complexity. The mainframe was so popular since it was a lot simpler to use than the boxes of punch cards demanded by older systems. Then it became cumbersome, eventually challenged by leaner desktop and server PCs. Today we are at that stage again. The standalone server is being replaced by the cloud; e-mail is being joined by collaboration suites and messenger apps; and the spreadsheet is making way for dashboards and analytical machine learning. Why? Because complexity is at a saturation point and the world is demanding simplicity to drive new levels of productivity. It is important that we appreciate the nature and inevitability of the sea-change that companies are currently experiencing. The reason why technologies in the 1970s boosted productivity is because they were replacing overwhelming complexity Now to my point: your business processes have been born and honed through those productivity technologies. Your fax machine sits idle — all that has shifted to e-mail. If your e-mail ceases to function, several of your processes will grind to a halt. It is paramount that you take stock of your processes, consider what powers them, and see if there is a better way. Let’s consider the highly impactful example of data. Your company generates a lot of data, which, until now, has likely languished in storage or was sent to the afterlife of deletion. But today data is a differentiator. Your ability to understand your data is crucial to your success, while the speed at which you access those insights defines your productivity. So it’s a simple question: are you making use of your data? There are many more examples: can the cloud improve the speed and expansion of your products? Can machine learning automate manual processes, freeing up your staff and time? How are you using mobile devices to empower your workforce and yourself? Do you understand the benefits of in-memory computing? Is there a role which technologies such as blockchain can play in your organisation? What you are looking for is corporate cholesterol: the fatty bits that have started to narrow your company’s arteries. What are those processes and technologies that once made the enterprise’s heart beat, but now threaten to choke it off? As a guideline, I can recommend three areas to consider. Firstly, look at how your customer experience drives your strategy. Customers are often familiar with innovations that make life easier. If you aren’t appealing to them, your processes are lagging. Secondly, don’t view your decision and the resulting transaction as separate entities. They feed from each other, so rather ponder on how you can enhance that relationship and learn from it. Thirdly, remember that data is the new centre of gravity, and speed matters. If your organisation is not responding as fast as your market expects it to, you need to address that. No such transition is easy. There are challenges in terms of security, regulatory uncertainty, skill sets, creating new mega-processes, disruption and more. But the only people who experience smooth sailing all the time are those who never leave the harbour. The storms of change cannot be avoided. However, they are key to ensuring business longevity. Cast a critical eye on your processes and contemplate on how new technology can help cut the bad fat. Brett Parker is MD at SAP Africa Share this article Tweet William Stucke Interesting article, thank you, Brett. > are you making use of your data? And of course, SAP is a useful tool to do that with 😉 Davebee ‘affordable cars’ ??HUH??? Pull the other one Brett, or get a few quotes from your local friendly Ha,Ha,Ha vehicle dealer show room. The Navigator A Kuga is pretty affordable right now. Just an issue with the life expectancy… Connect with TechCentral Follow TechCentral on Twitter Connect with TechCentral on Facebook Connect with TechCentral on Google+ Subscribe to our newsletter Articles by comments (7 days) 9WhatsApp has ‘security backdoor’ 8Muthambi ‘ignoring’ DA on TV box report 8Apple is ‘absurdly cheap’ 6The future of radio in South Africa [podcast] 6Zuma may put ex-wife in cabinet Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact RSS ↑ TechCentral TechCentral Log in - (c) 2009 - 2015 NewsCentral Media
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Augmented reality is more than just holograms Augmented reality is more than just holograms The AR in Action conference redefines AR to include many diverse technologies Steven Max Patterson (Network World) 21 January, 2017 08:31 - - - - print email Comments Holographic headsets are a central theme to augmented reality (AR) today, but the recent AR in Action Conference demonstrated the diversity of the field and the potential to include many more technologies to augment humans. The AR in Action Conference, held at the MIT Media Lab, expanded the definition of AR through a TED conference-like lens, delivering 70 diverse curated talks and 32 panels over two days to over 1,000 experts and practitioners in the field. Panelists included Mark Sage, AR for Enterprise Alliance Corp.; David Smith, Wearality; Patrick Ryan, Newport News Shipbuilding; Mark Kirby, Liberty Mutual Insurance Group; and Christine Perry, Perry Consulting--pictured left to right above. As Chris Croteau, general manager of Intel’s Wearable Device Group, said: “A liberal definition of AR focuses on the way data is presented to users and how they interact with it. The popular definition of the AR platform as a holographic projection system like the Hololens, Meta and ODG headsets limits what AR can be.” The value of these holographic projection headsets was well represented with talks like the one by Harvard Medical School professor Jayender Jagadeesan, who spoke about surgical AR applications, and by combat fighter pilot Patrick Guinee, who spoke about enhanced 360-degree field of views that let the pilot look down, through his body, and the fuselage underfoot to see adversaries below. “The conference widened my myopic aperture to the universal possibilities,” said Guinee, who has 25 years of experience with holographic AR military applications. He pointed out that AR can be visual, fitting the popular paradigm of holographic projections overlayed onto reality using a headset. But in its essence, it is the overlay of a data sources impacting human perception. It is not necessarily visual, but it could be sound or haptic perception of interactions with electromechanical stimulus, though this is still somewhat limiting to the definition of this emerging field. Digitally augmented humans AR can also change human perception of the surrounding space when a digitally augmented human interacts with a data source, such digitally enhanced senses or accumulated data from surrounding IoT infrastructure. Juan Enriquez, genomic and life sciences visionary, writer and frequent TED conference speaker, and Carl Byers, chief strategy officer of Contextere, explained the seemingly infinite possibilities of overlayed data and augmented perception and enhanced human capability that defines AR. Enriquez said: “The potential of AR reminds me of the early definition of the internet: thousands of people loosely connected. A few decades later AR is a similar network effect that augments people’s cognitive capabilities and perceptions through their interconnecting data acquired from bio- sensors, worn sensors and the space around them.” Byers said: “The talks reinforced my view of AR as a broader concept. It is a suite of technologies that extend human capability and understanding using a variety of approaches across industries and applications." Pattie Maes, head of the MIT Media Labs Fluid Interface group, wrapped AR in a multidisciplinary explanation of the evolution of AR design and development of assistive technology user interfaces and interactions that integrate with a user’s mind, body and behavior. The talk about the evolution from human to cyborg made a striking point about disabilities becoming augmented abilities with the example of double leg amputee Hugh Herr, an MIT professor of biometrics who has created breakthrough bionic limbs that enhance human mobility—like the blades Olympic runner Oscar Pistorius wears. The line between disability begins with augmentation, which at this point in time may only partially remedy disability but—like Pistorius’ legs—could in the future exceed normal human capabilities to interact with the surrounding space. We could have bionic eyes that exceed human vision and augmented cognition with which everything is remembered and everything in the environment is contextually understood. Metasensory augmentation Perhaps the term metasensory augmentation—from the father of wearables dating to the 1980s, Steve Mann—might replace the term AR. Mann talked about emitted energy transduced into visual applications and the brain-computer interface. Mann also added emphasis to the history of wearables. Other speakers gave balance to the conference’s enthusiasm, including Monique Morrow, co-chair of the IEEE Global Initiative on Ethical Considerations for Mixed Reality Committee. She describes herself as the elephant in the room who is both excited about the possibilities of AR and wary of the potential for abuse. She is concerned with ethical considerations in an AR world driven by intelligent systems observing behaviors and sensing physical phenomena continuously to provide individuals with appropriate content. Could inequities arise if monopolies such as Facebook and Google emerge that monetize this data? What are the ethical surveillance considerations? Enriquez and Ethernet inventor Bob Metcalfe also said a killer AR app has not emerged, unless the definition is stretched to include Pokémon Go. And Croteau explained that systems designers do not yet have all the tools and components to build light, unobtrusive and highly functional AR wearables with good battery life that he equated to the early smartphones. But AR applications are being developed to solve a broad range of problems in fields such as emergency response, architecture and the Internet of Things. Metcalfe applied his many years of experience as an inventor, entrepreneur and advisor/inventor in summing up the conference: “AR technology is on the verge of happening. The timing of the conference fits with the stage of the development of AR because at times like this, people get together to give the industry a vector for direction, at least for a while.” Fifty videos will be posted to the conference website soon. Readers interested in learning more should check the conference website: arinaction.org. The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about ByersFacebookGoogleIEEEIntelinventorMannMetcalfeMITMIT Media LabNewportNewsSage Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies The Nervous, the Vigilant and the Battle-Scarred - IT Security Personas Revealed Delivering Quality of Service with Pillar Axiom 600 Latest Jobs Regional Sales Manager - Telco/ICT - Employer of choice QLD Web Developer SA Dynamics CRM Technical Delivery Manager VIC Project Services Opportunities SA Devops Engineer VIC Business Project Manager Integration NSW Junior Project Manager QLD Data Analyst VIC Program Manager NSW Salesforce Technical Business Analyst (Brisbane based) Other Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​WA government finalises contracts for IT overhaul ​ME exploring artificial intelligence The week in security: Hackers plunder online databases as Trump nominee flags ... CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow CSO Businesses hobbled by deficiencies in security resourcing as IoT-driven DDoS volumes surge Court denies US government appeal in Microsoft overseas email case ​Android HummingBad malware returns to Google Play Report: Half of ransomware's SMB victims pay up Pompeo sworn in as CIA chief amid opposition from surveillance critics Computerworld Boutique browser maker to Microsoft: 'Stop stealing the default' in Windows 10 Galaxy Note7's battery fiasco won't soon be forgotten Independent review of ATO outage begins Apple quashes bugs in iOS, macOS and Safari Optus rolls out more small cells in NT, SA ARN ​Opening the door to data centre change in Australia HPE buys Cloud Cruiser in consumption-based hybrid IT drive PwC brought in to investigate "unprecedented" ATO hardware failure Machine learning set to be 2017’s megatrend Optus ramps up regional mobile coverage Techworld LinkedIn pumps water down to its server racks, uses an interesting spine and leaf network fabric Lenovo tunes N23 Yoga Chromebook for Android apps with ARM processor Boutique browser maker to Microsoft: 'Stop stealing the default' in Windows 10 U.S. solar industry passes oil, coal and gas for job creation Cisco's all-in-one Spark Board puts the cloud on a wall CMO Tealium CEO: AI, IoT and the ongoing customer data integration challenge The Outnet offers ‘personalised approach’ with refreshed brand strategy RedBalloon gets new CMO, CTO CMO-CIO NZ roundtable: Shifting gears from digital enablement to business transformation Guzman y Gomez appoints new marketing chief Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
  You are here: Home > Business > Technology, Media and Telecom Apple files US$1 billion lawsuit against Qualcomm 0 Comment(s)Print E-mail China Daily, January 22, 2017 Adjust font size: Apple iPhone 7 mobile phones are seen at the Apple store. [Photo/Xinhua] Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the US government filed a lawsuit that accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in US District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. Qualcomm did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the US Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple's phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice-president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. Follow China.org.cn on Twitter and Facebook to join the conversation. ChinaNews App Download Print E-mail Go to Forum >>0 Comment(s) No comments. Add your comments... User Name Required Your Comment Enter the words you see:    Racist, abusive and off-topic comments may be removed by the moderator. Send your storiesGet more from China.org.cnMobileRSSNewsletter Apple files US$1 billion lawsuit against Qualcomm Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the US government filed a lawsuit that accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. China Daily China Daily
Menu asia times EST 1995 Business | Apple files US$1b lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Like Follow Follow Subscribe To The Daily Brief Search Main China South Asia Insights More Politics Business Culture About Us Search TheBrief Main Latest 25-01-2017 05:01 Insights // A more active role for China in the Arab-Israeli conflict? (Nicos Panayiotides) 25-01-2017 03:12 Insights // Russia: Still a Paper Tiger in the Pacific? (Richard A. Bitzinger) 24-01-2017 23:10 Insights // Trump’s Pentagon expected to curb military ties with China (Bill Gertz) 24-01-2017 18:35 China's fiscal revenue grew at its slowest pace in almost three decades as the government pushed through its tax overhaul despite downward pressures on the economy. (Steve Wang) 24-01-2017 16:50 Insights // ‘Arrival’ fails to connect with Chinese cinema fans (Jonathan Papish, China Film Insider) 24-01-2017 15:49 Han Jae-rim's The King claims crown at South Korean box office. Your Name back on top in Japan, while US sci-fi releases dominate in China. (Russell Edwards) 24-01-2017 15:01 Share your photographs of the Lunar New Year on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram with the hashtag #atimescny 24-01-2017 13:48 Fake news has targeted vulnerable minorities in Indonesia, presenting a censorship dilemma for President Joko Widodo (Yuli Ismartono) 24-01-2017 12:14 Wang Tianpu, the former president of Sinopec Group, was jailed for 15 and a half years for graft, state television said on Tuesday citing a court verdict. (Reuters) 24-01-2017 11:46 Considered the 'master' of martial arts, varmakalai uses 'vital spots,' or pressure points, both to hurt and to heal. Its practitioners in southern India guard its secrets closely, even as the practice dwindles. (Anusha Venkat) 24-01-2017 11:32 Japan Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal would be "meaningless" if the US wasn't part of it. The US quit overnight, so new meaning is being sought and that seems to be in Beijing. (Asia Times and Reuters) 24-01-2017 10:59 Oil climbed on Tuesday on a weaker U.S. dollar and production cuts by OPEC and other producers, but an increase in drilling activity in the United States is likely to keep a lid on prices. (Reuters) 24-01-2017 10:24 U.S.-China flashpoints in the age of Trump (ChinaFile) 24-01-2017 10:21 Do We Want to Live in China’s World? (ChinaFile) 24-01-2017 10:00 The eulogies for what never was and what could have been have started — the mourning for the magical lost trade deal, the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Except none of it was true ... for the US. (Harry J. Kazianis) 24-01-2017 09:09 For Sri Lanka, 2015 was a turning point in rejecting a corrupt and authoritarian regime led by Mahinda Rajapaksa to move toward democracy and communal reconciliation. But a price is still being paid for past policies. (David Brewster) 24-01-2017 07:52 To many observers around the world, the “post-truth” phenomenon seemed to emerge from nowhere in 2016. It didn't. India, the world’s largest democracy, has been living in a post-truth world for years. (Ranjit Goswami) 24-01-2017 02:01 Insights // Russia and Turkey hand Assad a ‘win-win’ scenario (Salman Rafi) 23-01-2017 18:35 A six-day peaceful protest in India's Tamil Nadu against the ban on a 'bull-taming' sport, jallikattu, turned violent in Chennai on Monday as a mob set fire to a police station and vehicles parked nearby. (Asia Times staff) 23-01-2017 18:15 China tightens Great Firewall by declaring unauthorised VPN services illegal (South China Morning Post) 23-01-2017 17:50 Myanmar roundup: UN official spotlights rights abuses, military nabs religious leaders and Yangon's bus system gets a makeover (Carole Oudot and Matthieu Baudey) 23-01-2017 16:53 Will Donald Trump hop on an American Silk Road? If it's a trade war with China he would rather have, the new president will find himself on the back foot from day one. (Pepe Escobar) 23-01-2017 16:19 Duterte has stated his preference for Trump over Obama, signaling possible detente under the new administration after a sharp downturn in relations over rights issues (Richard Javad Heydarian) 23-01-2017 15:00 Insights // China will drive a hard bargain with post-Brexit UK (Emanuele Scimia) 23-01-2017 14:56 China’s fintech industry shows where the rest of the world is heading (Tech in Asia) 23-01-2017 14:23 Watch video of a panel discussion in Davos last week that reveals how China is leaving the rest of the world behind on financial technology, with the mobile payment sector leading the way. (Johan Nylander) 23-01-2017 14:16 Cambodia's decision to scrap joint US military exercises will pull the country tighter into China's strategic orbit (David Hutt) 23-01-2017 13:49 Xu Xiang, also known as 'China's Carl Icahn', has been sentenced to five and half years' imprisonment for market manipulation. (Reuters) 23-01-2017 12:28 What do traders at Myanmar’s stock exchange do all day? Nothing. (Wall Street Journal) 23-01-2017 12:19 5,270 bitcoin merchants, 8900% monthly volume spike; the reason behind Japan’s bitcoin binge (Coin Desk) the brief An Apple logo hangs above the entrance to the Apple store on 5th Avenue in the Manhattan borough of New York City, July 21, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/File Photo BusinessApple Apple files US$1b lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm American giant's case comes days after the US government accused the chip maker of anti-competitive tactics to maintain a monopoly in mobile phones By Reuters January 22, 2017 9:18 AM (UTC+8) Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Share 0 Comment 0 Apple filed a US$1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm on Friday, days after the US government accused the chip maker of resorting to anti-competitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for “modem” chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40% of Qualcomm’s US$23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in US District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple’s discussions with South Korea’s antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox “If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm’s release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused,” Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple’s claims “baseless.” “Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information,” Rosenberg said in the statement. “We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits.” Qualcomm’s stock closed 2.4% lower at US$62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on “reasonable” terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a “no license, no chip” policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm US$854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a US$975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the US Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose “onerous” supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple’s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel’s shares closed up 1% at US$36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm “has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time,” Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyse their parts. Share Tweet Linkedin Email Business Apple Qualcomm Semiconductors Comments More on this topic Samsung says court ruling against Apple a win for innovation Reuters How Apple lost China to two unknown local smartphone makers Bloomberg News Japan fund readies US$500 million aid for iPhone supplier Reuters EVEN MORE asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin Explore Main China South Asia Insights Politics Business Culture Trending Topics #Southeast Asia #Middle East #Japan #India #Koreas #South China Sea #Sport About About Asia Times Contact Us Advertise with Us Write for Us Terms of Use Privacy The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox © 2017 Asia Times Holdings Limited, All Rights Reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business & Economy Business & Economy Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Search form Search The Middle East’s Leading English Language Daily Search form Search Last updated: 50 sec ago Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Video shows Italian who was tortured to death in Egypt Gambia’s ex-president ‘allowed to keep’ luxury car collection Duterte blames CIA for botched terror raid in 2015 Nigeria suicide bomber ‘had baby strapped to her back’ Saudi stocks recover after missing Q4 estimates Report: Saudis aware of online risks, but hold businesses responsible for data breaches Crude steady on OPEC cuts, US output recovery Shale revival looms over oil prices and spreads German Social Democrats endorse Schulz to challenge Merkel in September polls Euro zone starts year with solid economic growth, but risks ahead You are here Home Apple files $1billion lawsuit against Qualcomm Business & Economy Apple files $1billion lawsuit against Qualcomm Reuters | Published — Sunday 22 January 2017 Apple has accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple’s discussions with South Korea’s antitrust regulator. (Reuters) WASHINGTON: Apple Inc. filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc. on Friday, days after the US government accused the chipmaker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. for “modem” chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm’s $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in US District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple’s discussions with South Korea’s antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission (KTFC). “If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm’s release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused,” Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple’s claims “baseless.” “Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information,” Rosenberg said in the statement. “We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits.” Qualcomm’s stock closed 2.4 percent lower at $62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on “reasonable” terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a “no license, no chip” policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets, Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the EU in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose “onerous” supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple’s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp. supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel’s shares closed up 1 percent at $36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm “has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time,” Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. Facebook STAY CONNECTED Follow @Arab_News Tweets by @Arab_News Download The App! Latest in Business & Economy Saudi stocks recover after missing Q4 estimates DUBAI Saudi Arabia s stock market continued rebounding on Tuesday in a generally strong Gulf... Report: Saudis aware of online risks, but hold businesses responsible for data breaches JEDDAH Saudi consumers place responsibility for protecting their personal data firmly on... Crude steady on OPEC cuts, US output recovery LONDON Oil prices were steady on Tuesday as news of lower production by the Organization of the... Shale revival looms over oil prices and spreads LONDON Saudi Arabia s minister of energy industry and mineral resources has predicted production... Euro zone starts year with solid economic growth, but risks ahead LONDON The euro zone started 2017 by maintaining solid economic growth as a weaker currency... Ryanair fears UK likely to lose access to Open Skies DUBLIN Ryanair fears that Britain s plans for withdrawal from the EU could result in the loss of... HSBC to close 117 branches in Britain, cut 380 jobs LONDON HSBC said on Tuesday it plans to close 117 branches this year and will cut 380 roles in... European stocks brush off Brexit court ruling LONDON European stock markets rebounded slightly on Tuesday with London higher and sterling... Gujarat summit boosts Saudi-India trade ties A 12 member delegation of Saudi Indian Business Network SIBN which works under the aegis of... Al Mutlaq Holding opens Creative Home showroom in Riyadh Al Mutlaq Holding a leading home furnishings company has opened the third showroom of the... Bahrain conference offers tips on self development The Bahrain Meditation Center for Self Development will host its fourth conference titled... Oman Air moves both flights to Terminal 4 at Heathrow Oman Air has announced that both of its daily Muscat London flights will arrive at and depart... Max goes digital to transform customer experience Max a leading value fashion brand in the region has undergone a digital transformation to... Dar Al-Hekma recreates the Hejazi era An event organized by Dar Al Hekma University on Hejazi culture and heritage has been a grand... Wall St. edges higher as earnings kick into high gear Wall Street edged higher on Tuesday led by technology and materials stocks as the corporate... Euro group chief warns Britain against tax haven temptation AMSTERDAM The head of the council of eurozone finance ministers said Britain would be taking a... Around Arab News Video shows Italian who was tortured to death in Egypt CAIRO Egyptian state television aired footage on Monday of an Italian student taken weeks before... Gambia’s ex-president ‘allowed to keep’ luxury car collection BANJUL Gambia Gambian ex President Yahya Jammeh will be allowed to keep his collection of 13... Duterte blames CIA for botched terror raid in 2015 MANILA Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said on Tuesday the CIA secretly orchestrated a... Nigeria suicide bomber ‘had baby strapped to her back’ KANO Nigeria A female suicide bomber who attacked a town in northeast Nigeria earlier this month... Saudi stocks recover after missing Q4 estimates DUBAI Saudi Arabia s stock market continued rebounding on Tuesday in a generally strong Gulf... Report: Saudis aware of online risks, but hold businesses responsible for data breaches JEDDAH Saudi consumers place responsibility for protecting their personal data firmly on... Crude steady on OPEC cuts, US output recovery LONDON Oil prices were steady on Tuesday as news of lower production by the Organization of the... Shale revival looms over oil prices and spreads LONDON Saudi Arabia s minister of energy industry and mineral resources has predicted production... German Social Democrats endorse Schulz to challenge Merkel in September polls BERLIN Germany s Social Democrats chief Sigmar Gabriel on Tuesday said the party leadership had... Euro zone starts year with solid economic growth, but risks ahead LONDON The euro zone started 2017 by maintaining solid economic growth as a weaker currency... Ryanair fears UK likely to lose access to Open Skies DUBLIN Ryanair fears that Britain s plans for withdrawal from the EU could result in the loss of... HSBC to close 117 branches in Britain, cut 380 jobs LONDON HSBC said on Tuesday it plans to close 117 branches this year and will cut 380 roles in... European stocks brush off Brexit court ruling LONDON European stock markets rebounded slightly on Tuesday with London higher and sterling... Gujarat summit boosts Saudi-India trade ties A 12 member delegation of Saudi Indian Business Network SIBN which works under the aegis of... Al Mutlaq Holding opens Creative Home showroom in Riyadh Al Mutlaq Holding a leading home furnishings company has opened the third showroom of the... Bahrain conference offers tips on self development The Bahrain Meditation Center for Self Development will host its fourth conference titled... Contact Us About Arab news Advertise Your Ad Privacy & Terms of Service © 2016 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement.
TVLine Categories Ratings Ask Ausiello Winter Premiere Dates Renewal Scorecard Spoilers Hot Shows Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. AHS: Roanoke Arrow Atlanta Being Mary Jane Black Mirror Difficult People Empire The Flash Game Of Thrones Gilmore Girls Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away.... NCIS Nashville New Girl Once Upon a Time Outlander Pretty Little Liars Prison Break Scandal Star Trek Stranger Things Supergirl Supernatural The Good Fight The Vampire Diaries The Voice The Walking Dead This is Us Westworld The X-Files Hot Shows Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. AHS: Roanoke Arrow Atlanta Being Mary Jane Black Mirror Difficult People Empire The Flash Game Of Thrones Gilmore Girls Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away.... NCIS Nashville New Girl Once Upon a Time Outlander Pretty Little Liars Prison Break Scandal Star Trek Stranger Things Supergirl Supernatural The Good Fight The Vampire Diaries The Voice The Walking Dead This is Us Westworld The X-Files Ratings Ask Ausiello Winter Premiere Dates Renewal Scorecard Spoilers Courtesy of Showtime Homeland Recap: Better Con Saul By Dave Nemetz / January 22 2017, 7:00 PM PST 21 Need to catch up? Check out the previous Homeland recap here. Carrie’s friendship with Saul Berenson has always been Homeland‘s bedrock relationship. (Even when they’re yelling at each other.) But this week’s episode found Carrie in an unusual position: lying to Saul’s face, in order to cover up her alliance with the newly elected president. Carrie and Saul share their first Season 6 scene together when he comes calling at her new office. They hug, and things seem warm between them… until Saul accuses Carrie of secretly advising the president-elect: “I think her entire national security platform came out of that head of yours.” Carrie denies it, and says this is the kind of “bulls–t” that made her leave the CIA. She asks her old friend to leave. RELATEDHomeland Season 6 Premiere Recap: Losing the War, On Drugs But later, we see Carrie get in the back of an SUV and arrive at a top-secret location. Turns out she’s meeting… President-elect Keane! Carrie has been advising her, and tells her about Saul’s little visit. And when Keane’s chief of staff Rob shares Dar Adal’s request for some help investigating a snag in the Iran nuclear deal, Carrie recommends someone “absolutely trustworthy” for the job. No, not her. Saul. Carrie tells Keane that Saul wants the deal to work: “You can trust him.” Can Saul trust anyone, though? He meets with Dar Adal and tells him he’s been requested to represent the U.S. in the Iran nuclear deal situation. He also tells him he met with Carrie, and he believes her when she says she’s not involved with Keane. But Dar Adal doesn’t have the same warm feelings towards Carrie. “She’s a menace,” he seethes. And Dar Adal has photos of Carrie entering that meeting with Keane… but he doesn’t tell Saul about them. So what nefarious plan does he have up his sleeve? Let’s check in on the other plotlines in “The Man in the Basement”: SEARCH & SEIZURE | Quinn’s in even worse shape this week, if that’s possible. He’s holed up in Carrie’s basement, listening to some conspiracy nut rant on the radio about Hepatitis C and the Zika virus. And when Carrie tries to get him to take his medication, he flings a coffee mug at her. Luckily, our old pal Max (hi, Max!) shows up to help out. He also tries to get Quinn to take one particular pill, or he’ll have a seizure, but Quinn ignores him, too. Then when Max is busy on the phone, Quinn goes AWOL. Max tracks him down at a deli, buying a case of Budweiser. But before they can leave, Quinn suffers a serious seizure, convulsing and falling to the ground. When he regains consciousness, an EMT wants to take him to the hospital and do an EKG. But Quinn refuses (of course) and has Max take him home, begging him, “Don’t tell Carrie.” RELATEDTVLine’s Performer of the Week: Homeland‘s Rupert Friend Carrie comes home, and Max tells her about the seizure anyway, adding, “He’s got this weird thing about you.” She goes downstairs and finds a bewildered Quinn asking what happened to him. He doesn’t mean today, but in general. She tells him about the sarin-gas poisoning from last season, but he doesn’t remember, so they watch a video of it. Carrie says, “I must have watched it a hundred times… looking for some clue.” She points out the floor tiles in the video that led her to him. Quinn seems to understand: “But you saved me.” Carrie says yes… but then Quinn asks why. And that question hits Carrie like a dagger to the heart. Chin trembling, she repeats his question: “Why? Why?” She doesn’t answer him, but she tenderly touches her hand to his chest and walks back upstairs, only to cry some more when she’s alone. Seems like they have a weird thing about each other, huh? ‘WHEN DO I GO HOME?’ | Unfortunately for Sekou, the answer to that question is “not for a good long while.” Carrie and her Muslim-advocacy colleague Reda visit Sekou in jail, and want to know about the five grand in cash Conlin found under his mattress. Sekou says it was a loan, to fly his family to Nigeria to see his deported dad. Who loaned him the money? His friend who was helping him make those terrorist-promoting videos. This all sounds pretty fishy… and gets even fishier when Sekou’s sister Simone reveals she was dating Sekou’s friend. Max runs the friend’s photo through a database and finds him under another name: He’s a federal informant who ratted out some gang members in Pittsburgh. Carrie confronts Conlin about this and wants to put the friend on the witness stand. But Conlin threatens her to stay away from the informant, or else she’ll be arrested. You think that’ll stop her? Then you don’t know Carrie Mathison. RELATEDHomeland Will Tackle the ‘Brody Question’ in Season 6 Simone lures the informant into a meeting, and then Carrie jumps out and tells him, “We know who you are.” He plays dumb and tries to walk away, but then he caves: “I f—ked up in Pittsburgh.” He admits to helping Conlin and pushing the money on Sekou, but he told Conlin that Sekou’s not a terrorist. He doesn’t appreciate Carrie’s approach, though: “You f—ked up by coming here.” How badly did she f—k up? We’ll find out soon enough. Further Intel: * Just to clear up what’s going on with the Iran nuclear deal: According to Dar Adal, Iran is cheating and running a parallel nuclear program in another country. An Iranian “bag man” named Farhad Nafisi met with nuclear scientists in North Korea. The Israelis want to question Nafisi in Abu Dhabi. That’s where Saul comes in. * Funniest moment: that scene when Quinn is buying beer in the deli, and Max walks in. The cashier asks him to pay, and Quinn motions to Max and says, “Speak with my business manager.” * Reda does manage to get a plea deal offer for Sekou: seven years. It’s understandable why Sekou rejects that — especially if he really is innocent — but it also could be the best offer he’s likely to get. Like Reda says, “Insist on a trial, and you’ll spend twice as long in jail.” * Franny continues to be the cutest, with her stick-figure drawing and her cheerful declaration to her friend’s mom: “There’s a man in our basement!” I swear, Homeland, if you do anything to harm a hair on that precious girl’s head… * At his meeting with Keane’s chief of staff, Dar Adal tells him he was in that same restaurant on 9/11, pulling choking people off the streets to safety. But later, Saul asks Dar, “Still telling that bulls–t story?” Dar replies, “Only when I have to.” Man… there’s a special place in hell for people who lie about things like that. But then again, it is Dar Adal… so we probably shouldn’t be surprised. Is Carrie playing with fire by lying to Saul about Keane? And will she regret ambushing that informant? Hit the comments and share your thoughts. If you like TVLine, you'll LOVE our weekly newsletter. Click here to subscribe. Add a Comment TAGS: Homeland, Showtime GET MORE: Recaps Cancel reply Comments are monitored, so don’t go off topic, don’t frakkin’ curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. 21 Comments Kevin says: January 22, 2017 at 7:09 PM Happy to see Max back even though he was MIA throughout all of last season (in Berlin). Can’t believe the series didn’t bring back Virgil since we last saw him in the 9th episode of Season 3. Reply Booby says: January 23, 2017 at 9:06 AM Haha, better re-write the script!……Clinto lost! Reply Izzy says: January 23, 2017 at 7:01 PM Gosh I hope Virgil will be back too! Max is way too nice to Carrie and Quinn. Virgil would have plenty to say about the situation. Hmm may be that’s why Carrie doesn’t call him. Reply Derek StJohn says: January 22, 2017 at 7:53 PM It’s only the second episode and there are four main plot threads so far this season: Carrie advising the PEOTUS; Sekou’s storyline/During Foundation; the intelligence community’s plot against Iran–and maybe the PEOTUS; and, finally, the Carrie/Quinn relationship. The first three have me on the edge of my chair already–while the Carrie/Quinn relationship is something I wish they’d just bring to (any kind of) closure. I don’t really care if they have a romance or not. Carrie’s real relationship has always been with Saul and (despite the May/December aspect) IMO the show should just have them get married. Getting back to the interesting stuff: given the real life parallels of an incoming President at conflict with the intelligence community, I feel this is the strongest storyline–and most relevant. It also brings into play the betrayal being committed by Carrie (once more) against Saul. I can’t help but think about her past actions: ordering the drone pilot to launch when Saul would be a sure casualty; and when she knowingly led Saul back to his captors, after promising him that she would warn him if capture were imminent–so he could kill himself. The Carrie/Saul relationship IS the key to Homeland; in spite of the always topical storylines. At the end of the day, it’s about good “people” and loyalty–and Carrie and Saul keep moving back and forth across those “lines” in the sand. Bottom line: even though the writers (like everyone else) was caught off guard by the real Presidential elections (e.g., the female PEOTUS), there still enough good storytelling to make Homeland far, far superior to EPIX’s “Berlin Station.” Reply Alichat says: January 22, 2017 at 9:18 PM Carrie and Saul married? Uh….no. I have always seen them as a father/daughter dynamic. I love Carrie and Quinn, and I think seeing him struggle with recovery…..or I should say fighting recovery….is something that should be shown. I found the Dar Adal scenes boring, but I find his character boring because he’s a bit of a cliche. And I was to happy to see Max. He’s always so steadfast and loyal, and can be counted on to shine a light on the truth of things. I hope we get to see Virgil at some point in the season. Reply LAwoman says: January 23, 2017 at 2:43 PM I hope we see Virgil again too. And yes, Carrie and Saul have a more father/daughter or mentor/mentee relationship. I really don’t care about romances on this show, but I would be OK with Carrie and Quinn evolving into more than friends and colleagues if they really must hook her up with someone. Hopefully, not until he’s better recovered from all he’s been through. And his struggle shouldn’t be rushed. Reply Alichat says: January 23, 2017 at 4:18 PM “And his struggle shouldn’t be rushed.” Agreed. Reply Mitsotakis says: January 22, 2017 at 8:56 PM If we could skip the Quinn storyline, and probably the Sekou (where Carrie will get in trouble and then magically out of problem because she’s needed) it would be an OK season. Reply BonniwEo says: January 22, 2017 at 9:36 PM Not sure where the Quinn plot line is going. Will he become a right wing terrorist or will he work to expose them. Reply Colleen says: January 22, 2017 at 10:47 PM I’m betting the latter. I could see Quinn uncovering an alt-right nut job plotting something against Carrie because of her work ‘to free terrorists.’ We know he’ll be investigating something from the season previews…everyone one will probably dismiss him as having paranoid delusions at first, brought on from listening to that radio show. Reply N!loofar says: January 22, 2017 at 10:57 PM Carrie and Quinn should have sex this season, it’s getting ridiculous. Reply Carrie says: January 22, 2017 at 10:59 PM Watching Homeland and Affair together leads to some odd parallels.. troubled single mothers living in NYC brownstone, hiding a very disturbed, dangerous man in the basement because they feel guilty about his current situation… But outside of that, I was definitely screaming for Carrie to say I Love you. Helen not so much… Reply AJJJ says: January 22, 2017 at 11:42 PM Yes! I was doing the exact same thing! Reply Slee says: January 23, 2017 at 4:12 AM I was thinking the same thing. Reply Jax says: January 23, 2017 at 10:21 AM How about red-headed Frannies on Homeland and Shameless? Reply AJJJ says: January 22, 2017 at 11:44 PM So far it’s my least favorite season. Hope it picks up and Quinn will pick up his talking speed lol Reply funnibone31 says: January 23, 2017 at 4:54 AM The good news is, in the last scene, Quinn was lucid, talking normally, and even looked more like himself. Fingers crossed for a shower next week! Reply Alichat says: January 23, 2017 at 7:25 AM Yes! When he touched her arm and said ‘Just play it’, that was the first time he sounded like old Quinn to me. Such a small moment, but it just sounded like him. What I couldn’t decipher was his expression when she left the room and he’s listening to her walk back upstairs. And yes…..shower and change clothes….seriously. Reply Mark Lento says: January 23, 2017 at 8:56 AM Boy, the idiot liberal writers really got ahead of themselves this time…HA HA !!! Had been a big fan of the show until this season when the wheels feel off with the “first female President” theme and now the show feels like a joke!!!…The liberals sure didn’t see the Trump Presidency coming did they…It definitely would’ve made for a better season anyway… Reply Jackie says: January 23, 2017 at 7:29 PM Exactly! PC has come to Homeland. And the current Hollywood theme of poor misunderstood Muslims being harassed by the evil FBI…Just waiting for them to bring in the obligatory Russian thugs. I hope they don’t ruin this show too! Reply Wendy says: January 23, 2017 at 10:32 AM While I am hoping Quinn gets more involved in the spy crafting, I am riveted to see what Quinn will do next- so much tension watching him; love that he’s funny too. Glad to see Max.Hope to see Virgil soon. Saul seems a bit too easily played by both Carrie and Dar; hope he’s holding back some cards too. Reply See More Comments Today's Hottest Stories 1Quantico Recap: [Spoiler] Is a Terrorist — and Soon 'You Will Be, Too' 2ABC Orders Good Doctor Pilot From House EP, Five-0's Daniel Dae Kim 3Days of Our Lives: 6 Ways to Save and Safeguard NBC's Last Daytime Soap 4Oscar Nominations 2017 Live Stream: Watch Announcements and Weigh In 5Days of Our Lives: Dena Higley Out as Head Writer, GH Vet Ron Carlivati In Most Commented 1Women's March: Did Supergirl Star 'Steel' the Sign-Making Show?165 2SNL Writer Suspended for Controversial Tweet About Donald Trump's Son104 3SNL: Watch Aziz Ansari's Powerful Donald Trump Monologue and More98 4Flash/Supergirl Musical Episode Stages Glee Reunion, Casts Darren…94 5Supergirl Director Kevin Smith Previews 'Beautiful' Alex/Maggie…92 What to Watch Tonight 08:00 P M The Flash 09:00 P M Bull 09:00 P M The New Edition Story 09:00 P M DC's Legends of Tomorrow Full Story Our Team Michael Ausiello The Leftovers' Final Season Gets Premiere Date… Matt Webb Mitovich Supergirl's Kara and Mon-El: TVLine Debates, 'How… Kimberly Roots The Librarians Renewed for Season 4 Andy Swift Supergirl's Kara and Mon-El: TVLine Debates, 'How… Dave Nemetz The Crown: Matthew Goode to Romance [Spoiler] in… Vlada Gelman Supergirl's Kara and Mon-El: TVLine Debates, 'How… Michael Slezak Winter TV Preview: Your Scoop-Filled Guide to 30+… Warner Bros. Centralizes Entertainment Technology Operations… WorldStarHipHop Founder Lee O'Denat Tragically Dies In His Sleep… Sundance Film Review: 'Marjorie Prime' The Netherlands sent President Trump a welcome video and it's… NFL Star J.J. Watt's New Reebok Shoe Drops at Midnight on Jan. 24 About Us Advertise Contact Us Newsletter Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights The Power of Content Copyright © 2017 TVLine Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad Post to Cancel  
Latest News Dow 19,913 +112.86 +0.57% Nasdaq 5,601 +48.01 +0.86% S&P 500 2,280 +14.87 +0.66% 4:13 P.M. ET Updated ‘Godfather’ of chart analysis says Trump rally has another 5% pop left 4:13 P.M. ET What to expect when PayPal reports earnings 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. Q4 adj. EPS 14 cents vs. expectation 20 cents 4:12 P.M. ET Starbucks earnings: U.S. same-store sales expected to be key driver for stock price 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. shares down 1.3% after company misses Q4 earnings 4:12 P.M. ET Alcoa Corp. Q4 rev. $2.5 billion vs. expectations $2.4 billion 4:10 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to buy Pineland Farms for $115 million 4:09 P.M. ET Updated This fund manager is finding profits in the wreckage of corporate Europe 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms expects net proceeds of $475 million to $485 million 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to sell Bob Evans Restaurants, shares halted 4:06 P.M. ET S&P 500, Nasdaq close at new records after strong earnings 4:06 P.M. ET Updated GoPro stock soars on report of ‘better-than-feared’ holiday sales 4:05 P.M. ET Updated Dow gains 0.6% to end at 19,912 4:04 P.M. ET S&P 500 ends up 0.7% at record 2,280; Nasdaq Composite closes at all-time closing high of 5,600, up 0.9% 4:01 P.M. ET Breaking Dow ends within 90 points of 20,000 level 4:00 P.M. ET Breaking S&P 500, Nasdaq Composite score fresh closing records as stocks end higher 3:51 P.M. ET Updated Trump is building a wall of worry, and that might be good news for stocks 3:50 P.M. ET Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered 3:48 P.M. ET How a Republican border tax proposal could boost U.S. oil production and prices 3:46 P.M. ET Updated Trump and the bulls look to rip a hole in oil prices Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In New York Markets After Hours Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Industries Computers/Electronics The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Samsung blames battery suppliers for Galaxy Note 7 problems By Timothy W. Martin and Eun-Young Jeong Published: Jan 22, 2017 9:19 p.m. ET Share Overheating causes 2.5 million devices to be recalled Getty Images A Samsung Galaxy Note 7. By TimothyW. Martin Eun-YoungJeong SEOUL — Samsung Electronics Co. 005930, +0.26%   blamed the overheating of its premium Galaxy Note 7 smartphones on manufacturing and battery design problems at two of its suppliers, the South Korean smartphone giant’s most comprehensive attempt to explain the costly and embarrassing recall of 2.5 million devices last year. In a release, Samsung said Monday that “batteries were found to be the cause.” Two independent investigators found that batteries provided by a Samsung affiliate overheated due to pressure on the right corner of the battery, the company said, while those batteries in the replacement devices had a “fused bump.” The Wall Street Journal reported Friday that the problems pointed to a battery that didn’t fit into its phone casing, and to manufacturing flaws related to intensified production. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. Will augmented reality or virtual reality win?(3:11) Augmented and virtual reality are growing into multi-billion-dollar businesses that will transform how users shop, work and communicate. Intel, HTC, Lenovo and Alphabet showed their latest innovations at CES in Las Vegas. Also popular on WSJ.com: White House disputes inauguration attendance estimates, despite evidence to the contrary. The fitness shift that should worry every gym owner. More from MarketWatch Donald Trump's Inauguration: By the Numbers President Trump's Full Inaugural Address Norovirus Stomach Bug: How Bad Is It This Year? Quote References 005930 +5,000.00 +0.26% Most Popular How a Republican border tax proposal could boost U.S. oil production and prices Amazon becomes first streaming company to get Oscar best picture nod The stock market’s ‘fear index’ may have nowhere to go but up Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Smart home tips & tricks for a better you in 2017 View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate The U.S. cities that are gentrifying the fastest—you’ll never guess No. 1 View More Sponsored Content Barron's: 3 ways to help improve retirement outcomes View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. S. Korea: KRX: 005930 ₩1,908,000.00 +5,000.00 (+0.26%) Volume 221.0K Open ₩1,906,000 High ₩1,929,000 Low ₩1,894,000 P/E Ratio 14.62 Div Yield 0.1 Market Cap 298.6T LatestNews
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Internet NFL's Antonio Brown apparently snags six-figure Facebook deal NFL's Antonio Brown apparently snags six-figure Facebook deal Maybe this is the reason for the Pittsburgh Steelers' All-Pro taking to Facebook Live in the locker room after team's big win. Internet by Terry Collins January 22, 2017 1:39 PM PST @terryscollins Up Next This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers Could Pittsburgh Steelers' star Antonio Brown be on Facebook's payroll? Getty Images Hmm, I guess we may now know why Pittsburgh Steelers' star Antonio Brown's controversial locker room video was on Facebook Live moments after the Steelers' upset playoff win. The All-Pro wide receiver has an endorsement deal with the social networking giant that's in the "high six-figures," according to a NFL.com report Sunday. In case you missed it, Brown was criticized and reportedly fined for posting Steelers' head coach Mike Tomlin's profanity-laced postgame locker room victory speech on Facebook's live-streaming video feature after the team defeated the Kansas City Chiefs on Jan. 15. Brown later apologized and said he let his "emotions and genuine excitement" get the best of him as he wanted to share the win with fans. "It was wrong of me to do, against team and NFL policy, and I have apologized to Coach Tomlin and my teammates for my actions," Brown said on his Facebook page and his other social media accounts. "I'm sorry to them for letting it become a distraction and something that they've had to answer questions about while we're preparing for a big game on Sunday." Turns out he may be getting paid big bucks for it. Facebook declined to comment Sunday about Brown. Related articles Patriots' Belichick says he doesn't care about 'SnapFace' and 'InstantChat' Here's how Tom Brady looks in Intel's 360-degree replay tech Russell Wilson is social media's most valuable US athlete Last spring, Facebook said it paid celebrities and mega pitchmen like action star Dwyane "The Rock" Johnson, comedian-actor Kevin Hart and Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps, to name a few, to promote Facebook Live when it debuted. Meanwhile, Brown and his Steelers play Tom Brady and the New England Patriots on Sunday in the AFC Championship game on CBS. (Disclosure: CBS is the parent company of CBSInteractive, the publisher of CNET.) Last week, Brown's actions even triggered a comment from the usually coy Patriots head coach Bill Belichick. What did the admittedly non-social media savvy coach think? "Yeah, as you know I'm not on SnapFace and all that," he said. "I don't really get those. I'm just really worried about getting our team ready to go. I'm not really too worried about what they put on InstantChat, or whatever it is." As for Brown, he was mostly ineffective as the Patriots beat the Steelers 36-17 to move on to play the Atlanta Falcons in Super Bowl LI. First published Jan. 22, 1:39 p.m. PT. Update, Jan. 23 3:40 a.m.: Adds background. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Internet Tech Culture Facebook Related Stories Twitter: Over 6.8 million watched Trump inauguration stream Pompeo confirmed as CIA head as Dems raise surveillance concerns Trump names net neutrality foe Ajit Pai to head FCC 11 videos shot by drones from around the world Close   Discuss: NFL's Antonio Brown apparently snags six-figure... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers What Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 battery fire means for future phones CNET's Jessica Dolcourt explains what went wrong with the batteries in the Note 7 and what to expect from future phones like the rumored Galaxy S8. by Lexy Savvides 2:12 Sprint buys one-third of Tidal, Samsung will keep the Note brand Today in tech headlines, Sprint buys a third of Tidal, Google makes its first update to its Voice service in a while and Samsung is moving forward with the Note brand. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Latest News Dow 19,913 +112.86 +0.57% Nasdaq 5,601 +48.01 +0.86% S&P 500 2,280 +14.87 +0.66% 4:13 P.M. ET Updated ‘Godfather’ of chart analysis says Trump rally has another 5% pop left 4:13 P.M. ET What to expect when PayPal reports earnings 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. Q4 adj. EPS 14 cents vs. expectation 20 cents 4:12 P.M. ET Starbucks earnings: U.S. same-store sales expected to be key driver for stock price 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. shares down 1.3% after company misses Q4 earnings 4:12 P.M. ET Alcoa Corp. Q4 rev. $2.5 billion vs. expectations $2.4 billion 4:10 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to buy Pineland Farms for $115 million 4:09 P.M. ET Updated This fund manager is finding profits in the wreckage of corporate Europe 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms expects net proceeds of $475 million to $485 million 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to sell Bob Evans Restaurants, shares halted 4:06 P.M. ET S&P 500, Nasdaq close at new records after strong earnings 4:06 P.M. ET Updated GoPro stock soars on report of ‘better-than-feared’ holiday sales 4:05 P.M. ET Updated Dow gains 0.6% to end at 19,912 4:04 P.M. ET S&P 500 ends up 0.7% at record 2,280; Nasdaq Composite closes at all-time closing high of 5,600, up 0.9% 4:01 P.M. ET Breaking Dow ends within 90 points of 20,000 level 4:00 P.M. ET Breaking S&P 500, Nasdaq Composite score fresh closing records as stocks end higher 3:51 P.M. ET Updated Trump is building a wall of worry, and that might be good news for stocks 3:50 P.M. ET Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered 3:48 P.M. ET How a Republican border tax proposal could boost U.S. oil production and prices 3:46 P.M. ET Updated Trump and the bulls look to rip a hole in oil prices Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In New York Markets After Hours Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Industries Computers/Electronics Apple sues Qualcomm over licensing practices By Tripp Mickle Published: Jan 22, 2017 2:35 p.m. ET Share By TrippMickle Apple Inc. sued Qualcomm Inc. alleging the chip supplier demanded unfair terms for its technology, escalating long-simmering tension between companies at the heart of the global smartphone industry. The suit, filed Friday in federal district court in the Southern District of California, claims that Qualcomm leveraged its monopoly position as a manufacturer of baseband chips, a critical component used in cellphones, to seek "onerous, unreasonable and costly" terms for patents, and that Qualcomm blocked Apple's ability to choose another supplier for chipsets. The complaint seeks $1 billion in rebate payments that Apple says Qualcomm has withheld as retribution for Apple's participation in an investigation by South Korea's antitrust regulator. The Korean agency last month an nounced a roughly $853 million fine on Qualcomm for alleged anticompetitive patent-licensing practices -- a decision Qualcomm disputed and vowed to fight. San Diego-based Qualcomm long has been a dominant supplier of chips that let handsets and cellular networks communicate, and has developed a trove of patents around that technology that account for most of its pretax profit. Its licensing practices have rankled competitors and customers for years, analysts say, though the discord was generally kept behind doors. Apple said in a statement that it sued Qualcomm "after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty." The Apple suit comes three days after the U.S. Federal Trade Commission sued Qualcomm alleging it engaged in unlawful tactics to maintain a monopoly on a type of chip used in cellphones. That suit highlighted Qualcomm's dealings with Apple. Devices sold by Apple and rival phone maker Samsung Electronics Co. account for nearly half of Qualcomm's revenue, which totaled $23.5 billion in the latest fiscal year. Qualcomm didn't immediately respond to a request for comment Friday. It said earlier this week that it would fight the FTC's suit, which it said is based on inaccurate information and was rushed out ahead of the change in presidential administrations. Qualcomm said it has never withheld or threatened to withhold its chips to gain unfair licensing terms, and that its longstanding licensing model benefits the industry and is the most efficient approach for everyone involved. Patrick Moorhead, president of market-research firm Moor Insights & Strategy, said the legal dispute with Apple will help determine what is fair pricing for patents that Qualcomm invested heavily to develop. "There's nothing clear cut about this case," he said. The iPhone has been enormously profitable for Apple, bringing in $136.7 billion in revenue in Apple's latest fiscal year, and, according to according to investment bank CLSA, accounting for three-fourths of Apple's $84 billion in estimated total gross profit. Apple is on track to have sold more than $980 billion of iPhones in the decade since it went on sale in June 2007, said Horace Dediu, founder of market research firm Asymco. In its complaint, Apple says that Qualcomm requires manufacturers to agree to license its patents to get Qualcomm chips. By making its chip supply contingent on paying patent licenses, Qualcomm was able to secure royalty terms that manufacturers "would not otherwise accept," the suit says. For Apple, those terms gave Qualcomm as much 5% of the average price of an iPhone, which sells for anywhere from $400 to nearly $1,000. Qualcomm's cut stayed the same even as Apple added elements that increased the iPhone's value, such as sophisticated cameras and displays. For example, Apple charges about $549 for an iPhone 6s with a 4.7-inch display and $649 for a iPhone 6s Plus with a 5.5-inch display. Though much of the higher price is associated with the larger display -- not Qualcomm's chip -- Qualcomm would collect the same royalty percentage and therefore a larger dollar amount, according to terms outlined in the suit. Apple says Qualcomm also required it to exclusively use its chips in iPhones from at least 2011 to 2016 -- a claim also contained in the FTC complaint. Apple received what it called quarterly rebates under the agreement, but its suit says Qualcomm began withholding those last year after Apple met with Korean regulators. The suit claims Qualcomm told Apple it had forfeited the nearly $1 billion in rebates by responding to the Korea Fair Trade Commission. Apple says Qualcomm's practices deterred Apple from switching to chips made by competitors like Intel Corp. That changed last year when it introduced Intel chips into a portion of its iPhone 7. --Ted Greenwald contributed to this article. Write to Tripp Mickle at Tripp.Mickle@wsj.com Apple Inc. sued Qualcomm Inc. alleging the chip supplier demanded unfair terms for its technology, escalating long-simmering tension between companies at the heart of the global smartphone industry. The suit, filed Friday in federal district court in the Southern District of California, claims that Qualcomm leveraged its monopoly position as a manufacturer of baseband chips, a critical component used in cellphones, to seek "onerous, unreasonable and costly" terms for patents, and that Qualcomm blocked Apple's ability to choose another supplier for chipsets. The complaint seeks $1 billion in rebate payments that Apple says Qualcomm has withheld as retribution for Apple's participation in an investigation by South Korea's antitrust regulator. The Korean agency last month an nounced a roughly $853 million fine on Qualcomm for alleged anticompetitive patent-licensing practices -- a decision Qualcomm disputed and vowed to fight. San Diego-based Qualcomm long has been a dominant supplier of chips that let handsets and cellular networks communicate, and has developed a trove of patents around that technology that account for most of its pretax profit. Its licensing practices have rankled competitors and customers for years, analysts say, though the discord was generally kept behind doors. Apple said in a statement that it sued Qualcomm "after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty." Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." In a statement, he said, Apple "mischaracterized" agreements and negotiations and failed to acknowledge "the enormity and value of the technology" Qualcomm invented. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discover of Apple's practices," Mr. Rosenberg said. The Apple suit comes three days after the U.S. Federal Trade Commission sued Qualcomm alleging it engaged in unlawful tactics to maintain a monopoly on a type of chip used in cellphones. That suit highlighted Qualcomm's dealings with Apple. Devices sold by Apple and rival phone maker Samsung Electronics Co. account for nearly half of Qualcomm's revenue, which totaled $23.5 billion in the company's latest fiscal year. Qualcomm said earlier this week that it would fight the FTC's suit, which it said is based on inaccurate information and was rushed out ahead of the change in presidential administrations. Qualcomm said it has never withheld or threatened to withhold its chips to gain unfair licensing terms, and that its longstanding licensing model benefits the industry and is the most efficient approach for everyone involved. Patrick Moorhead, president of market-research firm Moor Insights & Strategy, said the legal dispute with Apple will help determine what is fair pricing for patents that Qualcomm invested heavily to develop. "There's nothing clear-cut about this case," he said. The iPhone has been enormously profitable for Apple, bringing in $136.7 billion in revenue in Apple's latest fiscal year, and, according to investment bank CLSA, accounting for three-fourths of its $84 billion in estimated total gross profit. Apple is on track to have sold more than $980 billion of iPhones in the decade since it went on sale in June 2007, said Horace Dediu, founder of market research firm Asymco. In its complaint, Apple says Qualcomm requires manufacturers to agree to license its patents to get Qualcomm chips. By making its chip supply contingent on paying patent licenses, Qualcomm was able to secure royalty terms that manufacturers "would not otherwise accept," the suit says. For Apple, those terms gave Qualcomm as much 5% of the average price of an iPhone, which sells for anywhere from $400 to nearly $1,000. Qualcomm's cut stayed the same even as Apple added elements that increased the iPhone's value, such as sophisticated cameras and displays. For example, Apple charges about $549 for an iPhone 6s with a 4.7-inch display and $649 for a iPhone 6s Plus with a 5.5-inch display. Though much of the higher price is associated with the larger display -- not Qualcomm's chip -- Qualcomm would collect the same royalty percentage and therefore a larger dollar amount, according to terms outlined in the suit. Apple says Qualcomm also required it to exclusively use its chips in iPhones from at least 2011 to 2016 -- a claim also contained in the FTC complaint. Apple received what it called quarterly rebates under the agreement, but its suit says Qualcomm began withholding those last year after Apple met with Korean regulators. The suit claims Qualcomm told Apple it had forfeited the nearly $1 billion in rebates by responding to the Korea Fair Trade Commission. Apple says Qualcomm's practices deterred Apple from switching to chips made by competitors like Intel Corp. That changed last year when it introduced Intel chips into a portion of its iPhone 7. --Ted Greenwald contributed to this article. Write to Tripp Mickle at Tripp.Mickle@wsj.com More from MarketWatch Trump Talks Up Tax Cuts, Slashing Regulations Apple downgraded on expectations stock and sales will struggle through 2017 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Most Popular The stock market’s ‘fear index’ may have nowhere to go but up Amazon becomes first streaming company to get Oscar best picture nod Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like The ‘housing culture war’ reignites over $42 a month MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Smart home tips & tricks for a better you in 2017 View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate The U.S. cities that are gentrifying the fastest—you’ll never guess No. 1 View More Sponsored Content Barron's: 3 ways to help improve retirement outcomes View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States What to Expect From the Dow Stocks Reporting This Week By Chris Lange January 22, 2017 10:35 am EST Print Email Tweet 24/7 Wall St. has put together a preview of the Dow Jones Industrial Average companies scheduled to report their quarterly results this week. Overall, 30% of the Dow is reporting next week, and this has the potential to sustain the run that the Dow has made since the Trump rally began. We have included the consensus earnings estimates from Thomson Reuters and the stock price and trading history. All check out our review of other top stocks reporting results this week. Be advised that the earnings and revenue estimates may change ahead of the formal reports, and some companies may change reporting dates as well. McDonald’s Corp. (NYSE: MCD) will share its most recent quarterly results on Monday. The consensus estimates call for earnings per share (EPS) of $1.41 and $5.99 billion in revenue. Shares traded at $122.26 at the close on Friday, in a 52-week trading range of $110.33 to $131.96. The stock has a consensus analyst price target of $128.52. On Tuesday, E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Co. (NYSE: DD) is scheduled to reveal its fourth-quarter results. The consensus estimates call for $0.42 in EPS, as well as $5.29 billion in revenue. Shares were trading at $73.03 on Friday’s close. The consensus price target is $78.07. The stock has a 52-week range of $50.71 to $75.86. Fourth-quarter results from Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) also are due on Tuesday. The analysts’ consensus estimates call for EPS of $1.56 and $18.26 billion in revenue. Shares were changing hands at $114.15 on Friday’s close. The consensus price target is $125.05, and the 52-week range is $95.95 to $126.07. Travelers Companies Inc. (NYSE: TRV) is expected to report its fourth-quarter results on Tuesday. The consensus analyst estimates are $2.78 in EPS and revenue of $6.02 billion. Shares closed at $118.02 on Friday. The consensus price target is $121.25. The 52-week trading range is $101.55 to $123.09. Look for Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) to share its latest quarterly earnings on Tuesday as well. The consensus estimates are $0.90 in EPS and $32.11 billion in revenue. Shares traded at $52.72 as Friday’s session ended, in a 52-week range of $46.00 to $56.95. The consensus price target is $53.27. On Wednesday, Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) is expected to report its fourth-quarter results. The consensus analyst estimates are $2.35 in EPS and revenue of $23.19 billion. Shares closed at $159.53 on Friday. The consensus price target is $161.70. The 52-week trading range is $102.10 to $160.30. Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) is scheduled to reveal its most recent quarterly results on Thursday. The consensus estimates call for $0.66 in EPS and $9.84 billion in revenue. Shares were trading at $94.58 on Friday’s close. The consensus price target is $90.07. The stock has a 52-week range of $57.46 to $97.40. Fourth-quarter results from Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) also are due on Thursday. The analysts’ consensus estimates call for EPS of $0.74 and $15.75 billion in revenue. Shares were changing hands at $36.94 on Friday’s close. The consensus price target is $40.09, and the 52-week range is $27.68 to $38.36. At the end of the week, Chevron Corp. (NYSE: CVX) is set to reveal its fourth-quarter results. The consensus estimates call for $o.66 in EPS, as well as $33.76 billion in revenue. Shares were trading at $115.60 on Friday’s close. The consensus price target is $124.46. The stock has a 52-week range of $79.85 to $119.00. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Insider Buying Slows as Trump Inauguration Takes Center Stage: Kindred Biosciences, Mirati Therapeutics, City Office REIT and More 7 Key Earnings Coming This Week » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, Earnings, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT), Chevron Corp (NYSE:CVX), E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Comp... (NYSE:DD), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), McDonald's (NYSE:MCD), The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV), Verizon Communications, Inc. (NYSE:VZ) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Customer Service Hall of Shame The Worst Companies to Work For Cities With the Highest Risk of Heart Attack The Largest Employer in Every State 15 Companies Making the Most From the Government Recent Gilead Sciences, DryShips Stuck in Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club DuPont, IBM Lift DJIA on Tuesday Ocular Therapeutics Sinks Following Secondary Offering Existing Home Sales Hit 10-Year High Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Gilead Sciences Stock: What Could Go Wrong? Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Here's Why Uranium Energy Corp. Jumped Nearly 14% Today March WTI crude oil settles at $53.18/bbl, up 43 cents, or 0.8% GoPro stock soars 8% after Pacific Crest raises estimates Feb. gold settles at $1,210.80/oz, down $4.80, or 0.4% Can Strong PG Earnings Do Any Good to Soft Staples ETFs? Alibaba's "New Retail" Concept Threatens Amazon's Global Dominance Inflation Picks Up Pace: Time for TIPS ETFs? Trump talks to U.S. automakers, pushes for new American plants S&P 500, Nasdaq hit record highs on bank, tech gains Aetna, Humana to consider all options after court blocks merger Why Shares of Multi Packaging Solutions International Ltd. Surged Today Sprint's $200 Million Investment in Tidal Is Bizarre and Probably a Waste of Money Why GoPro Inc. Stock Popped Today Trump Budget Director Pick Does Not Believe Climate Change Is A Major Risk Internal Aetna Email Suggest Its Obamacare Withdrawals Weren't Business As Usual Skittles Highway Spill Reveals Awful Trend In The Food Industry Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Search Type anything and hit enter. N4BB | Community Sections Auto Deals Entertainment Gadgets Gaming Mobile Reviews Tech Web & Social Auto Deals Entertainment Gaming Movies Music Nintendo Xbox Sony PlayStation PC Games Mobile Gaming Television Exclusive Featured Gadgets Guide Interview Mobile Android Apple BlackBerry iOS Jailbreak iPhone 7 Windows Netflix Opinion Podcast Preview Review Roundup Science Tech Apps & Software Business Computers Concept Photography Tablets Video Wearable Tech Web & Social Viral COPYRIGHT © 2016 DIGIMENTAL MEDIA GROUP, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Blackberry BB10 OS is NOT Getting Buried Despite Recent Android Push BlackBerry BB 10 OS won't be buried anytime soon. Alex Thurber, VP Global device sales reels out all that impacts BB 10 OS and BlackBerry itself by Luke Joye • January 22, 2017 January 22, 2017 in BlackBerry BlackBerry BB10 OS not to be buried soon If you were planning to erect a virtual tombstone to mark the end of BlackBerry BB10 OS, BB is not pulling the plug yet, since it has plans to keep it breathing for a longer term. Indeed, it is somewhat curious that after a company decides to discontinue manufacturing products running on its proprietary OS, decides to keep the OS itself alive. After introducing the BB10 in 2013, 2016 was the first full year when it was not used on any of the BB phones. In turn, this paradox gives the feeling that BlackBerryBB10 OS is only perhaps waiting for its natural death. But, executives at BB are quick with a different view. ADVERTISEMENT As at the end of the third quarter of 2016, BB’s market share dipped to a mere 0.1% globally. However, the company’s Android devices performed better. In the midst of this dismal performance and recent positive vibes on ‘Mercury’, the device yet to be launched by BB, as well as BB10 lacking the future hardware, Senior VP at BB for Global device sales, Alex Thurber spoke on future plans for BB10. BlackBerry BB10 OS Chugging along Not surprisingly, Thurber affirmed that BlackBerry continues to be invested in BB10. After a prolonged wait, version 10.3.3 was released by BB in December last and version 10.3.4 appears to be in the works though there is no confirmation to that effect. In government and enterprise segment, BlackBerry BB10 OS has a strong fan base, apart from consumers in specific markets. Thurber stated that he is keen to ensure BB’s users and customers do not get the feel that continuing support for BB10 is not forthcoming because BlackBerry BB10 OS is not receiving any fresh investment. Because BlackBerry is not releasing any of the numbers these days, there is no clarity on what ‘millions of users’ claimed by the company for the OS, truly represents. What we do know however is the absence of app support that has dogged the OS right from its start has been one among the reasons that caused the tailspin for BB10. Recently, WhatsApp had decided to cease supporting BlackBerry BB10 OS  from end 2016 but changed the heart to announce a continuation till 30th June 2017. Earlier, FaceBook ceased extending support and so did MyAccount app from Telus’.  Thurber, however, reiterated the disappointment of BB on the initial decision of WhatsApp and BB executives were now happy with the extension. Yet, the exodus caused by the app support remains a key factor surrounding BB10 which is beyond the company’s control. Thurber added that the issue is out of BB’s hands though support for the Hub and the OS is continuing particularly since several users really rely on it and reckon it to be a true messaging device. He also admitted that the development is partly attributable to strategic decisions made some 5 years ago and that has also been partly why Android was added to the company’s portfolio. In turn, he said BB is excited to present the Priv and DTEK series of devices with true BlackBerry security and complete access to Google Play store. It is business strategy – BlackBerry BB10 OS In transitioning to devices with Android base, the implication obviously was that BB10 would either be recast as an enterprise and business platform or killed off in due course of time. With the latter getting public rebuke (this report included), the former might see the light of the day. Thurber adds that the partnership entered with TCL recently represents a licensing agreement where TCL will manufacture devices under the BlackBerry brand, and the key tenet of this deal is that it will cover only Android- based products. In other words, BB10 is not part of the deal. If TCL were not in the picture, then who would be making phones that run on BlackBerry BB10 OS. Thurber has no comments on hypothesis or road maps. Therefore, there is lack of clarity on any other recourse available to BlackBerry.  BB has stopped making Leaps, Passports or Classics and any remaining inventory is presently being sold through BB’s own store, the carriers as well as other retailers in various countries. Thurber adds that BlackBerry is the singular manufacturer other than Google that is committed to monthly updates across the company’s product line. The first licensing deal that BB entered was with “BB Merah Putih” in Indonesia which is a joint venture between PT Tiphone and BlackBerry. This deal could give us a clue since the agreement confirms that BB Merah Putih would source, distribute and market BlackBerrry products in Indonesia. However, it was not clear immediately whether the arrangement includes manufacturing or if that would be outsourced to third parties. BlackBerry is also reportedly in advanced stages of a licensing arrangement with another Indian company. Either way, when a local vendor in a particular country was willing to take charge and produce the handsets for its indigenous market, that possibly was the type of licensing deals John Chen, the CEO of BlackBerry mentioned when he moved the company away from building captive hardware. Thurber also stated that BB10 continues to be patronized as a real consumer product and that the brand is pretty strong in countries like India, Indonesia, and South Africa. Consumers in many countries have moved towards the demand for app stores and apps and that partly explains why BlackBerry BB10 OS has shifted to traditional users of businesses, enterprises, and governments. Thurber added further that these are some of the company’s strong subset of customers and they do lobby BB for new hardware. These are also developing countries where the users will eventually transition to iOS and Android as has been the experience in developed countries.  On the hypothesis of BB10 merging with Android, one way or the other, or a dual-boot scenario perhaps like the way Apple supported Windows with the Boot Camp software for Intel-based Macs, Thurber stated that it was a significantly more complex task compared to the Boot Camp software. He was also quick to add that these options were examined as a potential, but the project is pretty complex and therefore BB is not pursuing the idea. He also added that plenty of feedbacks on the continuance of BlackBerry BB10 OS on devices other than phones do keep coming in. As and when a promising idea comes up and meets the expectations of customers and also makes sense from the technological perspective, BB will certainly pursue it. This era belongs to Android The fading fortunes of BlackBerry BB10 OS in North America prompted adoption of Android and positioning it as a primary software platform with a layer of BB’s very own unique security as icing on top. The most recent offerings DTEK 50 and 60 came from the TCL stable and have reportedly ‘achieved their selling targets’ though the numbers have not been revealed for the public. The DTEK 50 was pretty much a clone of Idol 4 from the Alcatel brand and targeted primarily at enterprise users and businesses in Western Europe and Canada. In the U.S. it was not offered by any carrier. Like the Priv, the DTEK 60 was more consumer focused. In both the cases, the core selling point was more consistent and robust security for enhanced protection of users from vulnerabilities of the Android. In Government, enterprise and consumers in specific markets around the globe, BlackBerry BB10 OS enjoys a strong following. On regular monthly updates, BB has successfully maintained rolling out the security updates regularly every month as it promised earlier. Thurber also points out that “significant changes” to Linux Kernel as well as Android were made before the companies released the changes to its users of Android-based services. The work on updates for BlackBerry is accomplished by engineers in Ottawa, Ontario, Waterloo and Mississauga facilities and applied to the manufacturing process where each phone is physically touched to inject a crypto-security key before the device is released from the production line.  Thurber also affirmed that immediate plans for releasing DTEK app to devices aside the BlackBerry brand are not in place for now. The indication possibly was the Alcatel line that TCL manufactures. Marketing strategy – BlackBerry BB10 OS BlackBerry has been incessantly criticized for its marketing strategy, or perhaps a lack of it. Thurber completes his first year with BlackBerry in April 2017 and therefore, has not been part of the board in the preceding years. For the same reason, he prefers not to comment on what was done or not done in the past, though he was willing to speak on what should be done going forward. The licensing agreements, he said, should, for one “enhance” the marketing programs, particularly those that are location based.  More importantly, he says that because of the local flavor, the plan and investment strategy devised by the licensing partners will focus on the local market and will be tuned to the needs of that market. Thurber calls this as ‘global consistency with a local flavor’. This is the marketing lingo for campaigns and programs tailored or focused specifically on local markets.  Global campaigns like what has been seen in the past are unlikely to be coming back anytime in the near future. But, in Canada, U.S. and more mature markets, security is at the center of sales angle and the biggest challenge in selling security is that nothing happens when it works, says Thurber. Further, that is not the singular challenge and BYOD (bring your own device) trend that businesses are adopting is not a mere ‘flash in the pan’. Gartner, a market research organization projected in 2013 that 50% of all employers would ask their employees to bring their personal devices for the purpose of work by 2017. A more recent study by the same organization also found that adoption of mobile devices issued by corporate in workplaces is yet to mature. BYOD on one side contributes to an inherent need for security. When you look at the other side, there is the enterprise space offering room for growth which in turn means that many more devices can still go around. If Android takes a bigger share of that space, BlackBerry should grab its share of that pie on the basis of the stated narrative. But, where does that leave BB10? Thurber says that BB is always exploring technologies that are right to bring out its OS. Millions of BB10 users are concerned about highly secure communication and top-speed and BB remains committed to supporting those users. That sums up the state of BB10 for now, and one thing for sure is that at BlackBerry no one is ready yet to chuck dirt in famed BlackBerry BB10 OS. Tagged in: Android / BlackBerry BB10 OS / licensing partners Share Tweet Luke Joye All Luke's Posts Comments Be The First to Comment @AxlLeBeer I still really love my good old Q10. There is still nothing out there like BlackBerry 10. I use my Nexus 5X now more than my BlackBerry devices thanks to the availability of the BlackBerry Hub suite. But I still today fall back to my trusty Q10 here and there. Removable battery, superb multitasking and that keyboard, these are all hard things to find today. And out of the box mobile file management from my cloud accounts, phone, SD card, home PC, and Work PC are such productive features. Related Reads Apple Jet Black iPhone 7 Is Available Within A Day Sam Mitchell • December 20, 2016 Mobile Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Packed in Hardware and Technology Usha Bhavani • July 5, 2016 Android Android 7.0 Nougat: Features, Release Date and Availability Sid Suvarna • September 13, 2016 Mobile Flip Phone ‘Motorola Razr’ Making a Comeback? Usha Bhavani • May 24, 2016 BlackBerry, Exclusive BlackBerry Oslo Photos and Specs Lucas Atkins • June 9, 2015 Connect With Us Get the latest news from N4BB direct to your inbox daily.. COPYRIGHT © 2016 DIGIMENTAL MEDIA GROUP, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Webdesign by FHOKE
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Analyst at KGI Securities is back with more Repetitive Rumors and Wild Speculation | Main | Foxconn Reiterates their Plan for a U.S Plant » January 22, 2017 Apple's Full lawsuit against Qualcomm Comes to Light Revealing Secret Licensing Agreements and more   On Friday Patently Apple posted a report titled "Apple Sues Qualcomm for $1 Billion Claiming Unfair Exclusionary Tactics and Charging Excessive Royalties." Today's report covers Apple's full formal complaint against Qualcomm with all its details filed with the Southern U.S. District Court in San Diego with the Presiding Judge being noted as Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel. Under Apple's factual allegations segment they cover such matters as Qualcomm's Secret Manufacturer License Agreements, Qualcomm Preventing Apple from bringing its concerns to law enforcement and Qualcomm Retaliates By Withholding Nearly $1 Billion From Apple. Our report covers the Nature of the Action, The Factual Allegations of the case and a full copy of the format complaint for the curious, legal students and professionals to review.   Nature of the Action   Apple's formal complaint before the U.S. District Court in San Diego begins with the 'Nature of the Action.' The following is the full section with yellow highlights being added by Patently Apple for emphasis only.   "Law-enforcement agencies around the globe are actively investigating Qualcomm's illegal business practices; in the past two years alone, Qualcomm has been declared a monopolist by three separate governments. Qualcomm pursues its illegal practices through a secret web of agreements designed to obfuscate its conduct. In at least one such agreement, Qualcomm inserted a gag order that prevented an aggrieved party from seeking relief that could curb Qualcomm's illegal conduct, in an effort to keep courts and regulators in the dark and its coerced customers quiet.   Qualcomm was one among many companies that contributed to the development of standards related to how cellular phones connect to voice and data networks. As a contributor, Qualcomm is entitled to a fair royalty based on the value of its particular contribution. Qualcomm is not entitled to collect royalties based on the contribution of others to the standard, or unrelated innovation by companies that utilize the standard—but this is precisely the business model that Qualcomm has established and that it protects through monopoly power and unlawful licenses. In order to purchase Qualcomm chips or obtain access to patents pledged to a cellular standard, Qualcomm demands that third parties pay Qualcomm a royalty much greater than the value of Qualcomm's contribution to the standard—a value based on the entire price of the innovative products that only incidentally incorporate the standard.   What this means in the case of the iPhone® is that when Apple engineers create a revolutionary new security feature such as touch ID, which enables breakthrough technologies like Apple Pay, Qualcomm insists on royalties for these and other innovations it had nothing to do with and royalty payments go up.   When Apple spends billions redefining the concept of a smartphone camera, Qualcomm's royalty payments go up.   Even when Apple sells an iPhone with added memory—256GB instead of 128GB—Qualcomm collects a larger royalty just because of that added memory.   Apple products are among the most innovative in the world, yet because of its monopoly power, its suppression of the disclosure of information to government agencies investigating Qualcomm, and an abusive licensing model, Qualcomm believes it is entitled to collect its "tribute" on every such improvement.   Apple, which has been overcharged billions of dollars on Qualcomm's illegal scheme, brings this action to recover its damages, enjoin Qualcomm from further violations of the law, and request declaratory relief. Among Apple's damages are nearly $1 billion that Qualcomm owes to Apple under an agreement between the two companies. Qualcomm claims that Apple has forfeited those amounts by responding to requests in the course of an investigation by the Korea Fair Trade Commission ("KFTC"), which recently levied the largest fine in its history against Qualcomm. Qualcomm has withheld the required contractual payments from Apple even though the agreement clearly permits Apple to respond to the KFTC's lawful investigation and requests for information. If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused.   Apple also seeks redress for Qualcomm's abuse of its monopoly power in the technologies used to connect to cellular networks. Constant connectivity over cellular networks has become part of our everyday lives. The iPhone was not the first cellular phone or even the first smartphone, but it revolutionized the industry and is the gold standard by which all other smartphones are judged. To be a cellular phone at all, an iPhone must be able to connect to the wide variety of cellular networks in use around the world.   Having a common set of standards for these cellular networks is beneficial to consumers because it encourages investment in infrastructure and technology. Common standards allow cellular phones to work together and then permit companies like Apple the opportunity to innovate in building great products.   Standardization can be beneficial, but only if those holding intellectual property that is part of the standard make that intellectual property widely available on terms that fairly compensate the holder of the intellectual property while recognizing the monopoly power obtained through standardization. That is why, for patents that companies have declared "essential" to cellular standards, patent law is reinforced by contractual obligations to license such patents on fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory ("FRAND" or "RAND") terms. FRAND commitments are the heart of the standard setting process.   Qualcomm broke its promise and has breached its FRAND commitments. Qualcomm illegally double-dips by selling chipsets that allow mobile telephones to connect to cellular networks and then separately licensing (but never to competitors) the purportedly necessary intellectual property. By tying together the markets for chipsets and licenses to technology in cellular standards, Qualcomm illegally enhances and strengthens its monopoly in each market and eliminates competition. Then, Qualcomm leverages its market power to extract exorbitant royalties, later agreeing to reduce those somewhat only in exchange for additional anticompetitive advantages and restrictions on challenging Qualcomm's power, further solidifying its stranglehold on the industry. All of this has been forced on Apple because the iPhone and the iPad® have required Qualcomm chips.   Qualcomm's abusive practices have particularly harmed Apple, the prime innovator in the mobile device industry. In recent licensing discussions with Apple, Qualcomm has asserted that it has a 'good faith belief' that Apple's products—which now use both Qualcomm and Intel chipsets to connect to cellular networks—infringe many Qualcomm patents simply because Qualcomm "holds a great many patents that are essential to cellular standards implemented by Apple products," including the 3G/UMTS and/or 4G/LTE standards.   Qualcomm has recently demonstrated that it will file lawsuits following threats to assert its patents. The asserted patents in this case include patents that are U.S. counterparts of Chinese patents that Qualcomm has asserted in litigation against Meizu Technology Co., Ltd. ("Meizu") and that Qualcomm has declared as essential to the 3G/UMTS and/or 4G/LTE standard. These patents are not, in fact, essential to 3G/UMTS or 4G/LTE and are not infringed by Apple. Moreover, if any of these patents were essential, Qualcomm's licensing demands violate patent law and its FRAND obligations.   For years, Qualcomm has abused its business relationships with Apple and blocked competitors from selling chipsets. Qualcomm's recent effort to cover its tracks—by punishing Apple for providing truthful testimony at the request of government regulators—underscores the lengths to which Qualcomm will go to protect its extortion scheme. Accordingly, Apple seeks this Court's intervention, bringing breach of contract claims, patent claims, and antitrust claims, as the basis for declaratory relief, injunctive relief, and damages.   Factual Allegations: Apple's Revolutionary Products   Apple's formal complaint before the Court presents a segment that is formally titled: 'Factual Allegations – Apple's Revolutionary Products.' The Complaint in-part reads as follows:   "When Apple unveiled the iPhone in 2007, it revolutionized the telecommunications industry and completely redefined what users can do on their mobile phones. The iPhone combined three products—a revolutionary mobile phone, a widescreen iPod® music player, and a breakthrough computer/Internet communications device—into one small and lightweight handheld device with a large, color multi-touch display; a distinctive user interface; and a sophisticated computing platform for mobile apps. Apple patented many of these innovations.   In 2010, Apple created and defined an entirely new category of devices with the revolutionary iPad. The iPad connects users with their apps and content in a much more intimate, intuitive, and fun way. The iPad is an elegantly designed computer tablet with a color multi-touch screen, a user interface akin to the iPhone, and robust functionality that spans both mobile computing and media storage and playback. As a result of its innovative technology and distinctive design, the iPad achieved instant success and continues to hold a considerable share of the U.S. tablet market.   Apple's iPhone and iPad products are the result of Apple's own creative achievement, technical innovation, differentiated technology, and astute business judgment.   Among many other functions, both the iPhone and certain models of the iPad can send and receive, over cellular networks, telephone calls and/or other voice and video communications, text messages, and Internet data. Except when connected to a Wi-Fi network, a mobile wireless device like an iPhone or iPad cannot be used for communication without a baseband processor chipset, a component that, among other functions, acts as a small wireless radio and "plugs in" to a standardized telecommunications network. Such networks are created and maintained by carrier companies, including, for example, AT&T, Verizon, Sprint, and T-Mobile.   The baseband processor chipset is just one component out of thousands of components and technologies contained in the Apple iPhone and iPad. Apple, sometimes through third-parties, purchases components and technologies from third-parties, such as Qualcomm.   This segment continues in Apple's full complaint that is provided for our readers further below. The complaint continues to cover subject matters as follows:   Standards and Their Economic Effects The FRAND Bargain ETSI and Qualcomm's Contractual FRAND Obligations Qualcomm's Dominant Market Position and Cellular Standards Qualcomm's Secret Manufacturer License Agreements Qualcomm Gouges Apple Apple and Qualcomm's Licensing Discussions Qualcomm's SEP Licensing Practices Are Not FRAND and Foreclose Competition Competition Agencies Around the World Investigate and Take Action Against Qualcomm Apple Responds to Agency Requests Preventing Apple from bringing its concerns to law enforcement Qualcomm Retaliates By Withholding Nearly $1 Billion From Apple   On page 19 of the complaint under the segment titled "Qualcomm's Secret Manufacturer License Agreements," Apple provides the graphic as shown below which according to Apple, illustrates the "complex web of contracts, some of them secret contracts that underlie Qualcomm's scheme of relentless extortion and govern the two companies' business relationship."   1. Apple v. Qualcomm Lawsuit - Patently Apple by Jack Purcher on Scribd   Qualcomm's Formal Response   Qualcomm's initial response was issued in a press release on Friday as follows:   "While we are still in the process of reviewing the complaint in detail, it is quite clear that Apple's claims are baseless. Apple has intentionally mischaracterized our agreements and negotiations, as well as the enormity and value of the technology we have invented, contributed and shared with all mobile device makers through our licensing program. Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information. We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits," said Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel, Qualcomm Incorporated.   About Comments: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.         Posted by Jack Purcher on January 22, 2017 at 06:23 AM in 3. Patently Legal | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Samsung Releases a Brief Note 7 Investigation Report / Propaganda Video Supply Chain Claims that VR Headsets and HoloLens Component Orders are Disappointing for 2017 Despite Google's Objections, Samsung Confirms the Galaxy S8 will introduce their Viv-Based Digital Assistant Reality Strikes Samsung as Smartphone Sales Drop to Lowest Level since 2011 Apple Granted 35 Patents Today Covering Apple Watch Smart Links, In-Air Gaming Gesturing and Apple Watch Wall Street Punishes Qualcomm after their Number One Client Apple Sues them for Out of Control Royalties & More Softbank's Sprint Acquires a 33% Stake in Music Service 'Tidal' Apple wins Several Watch Band Design Patents in Hong Kong & Trademarks the Name of their new Design Book Xiaomi Ousts Hugo Barra after the Company's Smartphone Market Share Tanked last Quarter Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 10 °C Tuesday 24 January, 2017 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Voices Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags apps and mobile Education fora insights Silicon Valley Taxis Work See other tags Tags Sunday 22 Jan, 2017 http://jrnl.ie/3197684 'I knew nothing about the taxi industry and dipping my toes in there cost me dearly' Eureka moments on Everest and hiring Sherpas has helped this businessman stay ahead. Sun 11:30 AM 28,228 Views 27 Comments Share Tweet Email Fora Staff FROM AN EARLY age I didn’t necessarily fit into the formal education model – not from an intellectual point of view, it was just because of my make-up. In second level, I was keen to get out and carve out my own career. But not through university, which I think is for slow learners; I needed experiential learning. So I finished at second level and joined an oil and gas engineering company. I intuitively lined myself up with the sales managers and the board members in terms of picking up as much as I could. I made myself available at all hours. At night when, let’s say, they were going for dinner, I would be there to pick them up, listen and learn from them. There is real gold in experience. That’s one of the pieces of advice I give to millennials – even if you are a 22-year-old in Silicon Valley with great ideas, you can’t beat experience. You might have technical knowledge of why something is good, but being able to recognise problems, demand and solutions is what business is about. Brendan Kavanagh (right) Source: HiUp First MBO By the time I was 24 and working in this oil and gas company, I had orchestrated a management buyout of that business. The business was 35 years old and essentially the owner had inherited it from his father but probably didn’t really want it. I could pick that up, so I saw the opportunity. In the service-station market, there were changes happening. They were going from garage businesses to grocery stores. So it was there that I could see the chance to really get into technology and bring these solutions to businesses that would allow them to create one-stop shops for consumers. We ended up with a 90% market share in Ireland and we were growing out in the UK when hypermarkets, a combination of a supermarket and a department store, started taking over. This would have been near the year 2000, and four years later, I sold the business, Retail Petroleum Solutions to a listed company. They got in trouble not to long after that, and I bought back the business for about 10% of what we had sold it for, recreated it and sold it all again the following year. It gave two nice bumps along the way, and it was all based around staying ahead of the game. Keeping ahead It sounds simple, but if you stay in touch with what is happening from a technological point of view and apply it to the business you are in, you can beat the market. That’s probably the secret of my success so far – being a step ahead of the status quo. But it’s also important to do what you know. One of the mistakes I made was I didn’t commit to the business I was in. When my kids were small, I got a bit windy and decided I should spread my bet a little bit more. So I remortgaged my house in 2002 and bought an Irish taxi firm for £85,000. The following week, Mary Harney deregulated the system and it became worth £5,000. That shows how important it is to know the business you are in, be passionate about it and commit. Former tánaiste Mary Harney Source: PA Images I thought I would be able to buy it and sub it out to give me an income on the side, if all else fails. I don’t know where my head was, but it taught me very quickly that I knew nothing about the taxi industry. Dipping my toe in there cost me. Education game The second sale of Retail Petroleum Solutions brought us up to about 2005. Two years later when the recession was kicking in, I decided to get into training services. I saw that I needed a have-to-have business, rather than a nice-to-have business. Due to my work in oil and gas, I had been responsible for blue-collar workers. That meant I was involved with compliance training and health and safety, so I set up a company called Olive Safety. At the time, multinationals like Intel were actually growing and expanding their plants. On the other side, large workforces were being laid off and put on the live register. Both meant there were people who had to be trained. Again from the point of view of staying ahead, I knew that classroom training and e-learning was the status quo. So I did something new and different, setting out to create digital training solutions for construction, retail, health and manufacturing workers. I could see huge amounts of money were being spent on training that wasn’t effective and caused a lot of downtime. Breaking India Around this time, I also decided to climb Mount Everest – I had been talking all my life about doing it. I didn’t get to the top, but I got beyond 6,000m and during that time I was reflecting on this digital solution. I fell in love with Nepal and its industrious people, particularly its millennials, who are very clued-in with technology. There might be nothing in the fridge – they might not even have a fridge – but they all have a smartphone. It was around then I started to understand the future of internet access and training in the blue-collar workforce would be done through smartphones. I hired the Sherpa that led me up Everest, who had an MBA, the professor of digital media from Kathmandu University and five of his best students to develop these apps. We now have 230 digital media developers based in Kathmandu and Kerala, in India. What that allowed me to do was to create high-end content, build out our apps and win big contracts with some top Fortune 500 companies like PepsiCo, Aramark and Tesco. Now we are delivering training across 22 countries and have offices in Australia, the Middle East, Europe and the US. Tesco is a customer Source: PA Images Recruitment is dead I had created a virtual wallet that held a lot of qualifications people had accrued through different training courses, which led me to my latest project – HiUp. It’s an Uber- and Tinder-style app that sends jobs to people based on their actual skills and experience. This suits everyone from the employer to the worker. Basically, it only charges for training and makes recruitment free of charge – I believe it will turn recruitment on its head. The reason I was doing this was because, as an employer, it was frustrating I had to pay a penalty for creating jobs. The sweat and tears are put in by people building up their credentials, the training companies provide these, and the employers create the jobs. What real value do these recruitment companies bring by just taking 20% in the middle and throwing 20 CVs at you and hoping one will stick? Again, this idea came from reflecting on the trends were in Silicon Valley, seeing how they applied to my business and reacting to them. HiUp is growing at a fast rate with a pipeline of almost one million users. We raised capital last year in London, and after launching in Ireland and the UK, we will set up in the US, Germany, Australia and India this year. If you look at LinkedIn, it is an old-boys network for white-collar workers. They really don’t know much about compliance or training and can’t react to us. We are raising another $10 million at the moment and not having any problems doing it. So, from a technological point of view, recruitment is redundant. Or as I like to say, dead. Brendan Kavanagh is the founder of HiUp. This article was written in conversation with Killian Woods as part of a series on business mistakes and what can be learned from them. If you want to share your opinion, advice or story, email opinion@fora.ie. Written by Brendan Kavanagh and posted on Fora.ie Take me to Fora Get the top business news from Fora delivered to your inbox: Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: Fora Staff See more articles by Fora Staff Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/readme/brendan-kavanagh-hiup-2-3197684-Jan2017/?embedpost=3197684&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/readme/brendan-kavanagh-hiup-2-3197684-Jan2017/?embedpost=3197684&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/readme/brendan-kavanagh-hiup-2-3197684-Jan2017/?embedpost=3197684&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “'I knew nothing about the taxi industry and dipping my toes in there cost me dearly'”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “'I knew nothing about the taxi industry and dipping my toes in there cost me dearly'”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit Comments (27 Comments) Ordered By: Popularity Popularity Date Leave a comment Add New Comment Log in to comment: Logged in as You are connected with your account. Log out Share This Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Submit Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions America First: 'If President Trump stays “on message,” he may just unite, not further divide, the US' Larry Donnelly In electing Donald Trump, the people of the US have, at least in part, signalled to the world that they want to recalibrate their relationship with it, writes Larry Donnelly. U-47700 death: 'As we pretend that policing drugs deters users, we can expect more harm, more deaths' Dr Garrett McGovern Our drug policy isn’t working and it’s time to embrace a more rational and open approach, writes Dr Garrett McGovern. Debate Room: 'It's only fair that Catholic children are prioritised in Catholic schools' Various Minister for Education, Richard Bruton, plans to legislate on the controversial school admissions system soon. But what about the right of minority faiths to prioritise pupils of their faith? Most Popular Today 1 Backlash after Ryanair mocks Aer Lingus link to illegal immigrants 70,282  106 2 'I intend to say well done to our social media team and give them a raise' - Michael O'Leary 36,987  44 3 Boy seriously injured in crash which took mother's life dies in hospital 36,655  16 1 Noonan says new EU tax rules would deliver a 'significant' hit to Ireland's haul 607  0 2 'There was a culture here that people didn't like paying for stuff. Thankfully, it's mostly gone' 539  0 3 Michael O'Leary blames Dublin Airport for his airline's dwindling Irish passenger numbers 301  0 1 JJ's back! Munster confirm Hanrahan, Farrell and Hart signings 21,277  66 2 Leinster head down the road to Aviva Stadium for Champions Cup quarter with Wasps 16,276  14 3 We'll Leave It There So: Schmidt unveils squad, Kerry legend retires and today's sport 13,324  1 1 Ewan McGregor refused to appear on Good Morning Britain after realising Piers Morgan hosts it 28,897  27 2 This tweet tried to compare Melania Trump to Jackie Kennedy, and failed spectacularly 12,247  13 3 Ruth Negga leads Irish interest in this year's Oscar nominations, while La La Land scores 14 nods 10,593  22 Trending Tags PLANNING Opinion: People living in rural Ireland cannot blame Dublin for the empty towns and villages Dealz planning violations: Dublin council refuses to issue enforcement notice 7 essential tips from Electric Picnic veterans PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing COURTS Broker loses €60k case against Dicey's nightclub after judge said he tried to headbutt bouncer Two Aer Lingus employees and Chinese national in court over alleged illegal immigration operation Man to be sentenced for sexually abusing his eight-year-old nephew DUBLIN Up to 70 people renting in 'dangerous, unhealthy and cramped' Dublin house, court hears Two Aer Lingus staff among three arrested at Dublin Airport over alleged people smuggling 'A serious accident waiting to happen' - cyclists not happy with Luas lines on single lane O'Connell Street DUBLIN AIRPORT 'I intend to say well done to our social media team and give them a raise' - Michael O'Leary People smuggling in Ireland: 'We need to ask, why are they taking this route?' 14 flights between Dublin and London cancelled due to freezing fog COURT Court hears father would leave £50 on his daughter's bedside locker after sexually abusing her Man filmed himself sexually assaulting heavily pregnant girlfriend while she slept Former Anglo Irish Bank director jailed for two-and-a-half years for fraud ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2017 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed 'I knew nothing about the taxi industry and dipping my toes in there cost me dearly' Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Digital Shadows * Art Coviello * Daniel Moskowitz * More Tags... Industry News * Technology * More Industries... News By Location * Dubai Internet City   Dubai   United Arab Emirates * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News January 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 24 23 22 21 20 19 18 Digital Shadows Strengthens its Team of Advisors with Security Industry Veterans Leading cybersecurity luminaries join Digital Shadows advisors as the business heads     Daniel Moskowitz, Chief Financial Officer, Digital Shadows   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Digital Shadows * Art Coviello * Daniel Moskowitz Industry: * Technology Location: * Dubai Internet City - Dubai - United Arab EmiratesDUBAI INTERNET CITY, UAE - Jan. 22, 2017 - PRLog -- Digital Shadows today announced that several leading cybersecurity luminaries including Art Coviello, Tim Belcher, Jim Bandanza, Dr Srinivas Mantripragada and Ian Cook have joined the company's advisors as the business heads into its sixth year of operation. 'We are excited to welcome such respected Security figures to help Digital Shadows as it enters the next phase of its expansion and growth,' said Alastair Paterson, CEO and co-Founder of Digital Shadows. 'The first five years of our company have set the groundwork in place for us to build upon so we can continue to improve what we do securing our customers around the world, and with this strengthened advisory panel, we can face the future with even more confidence.' Art Coviello was former Executive Chairman of RSA, The Security Division of EMC.  During Mr. Coviello's two-decade career at RSA, the company evolved to become a leader in information security, including security analytics, identity, and Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC).  Mr. Coviello was a driving force in RSA's rapid growth during his tenure, increasing revenue from $25 million in 1995 to revenues of more than $1 billion in 2014. Since retiring from RSA, Mr. Coviello works with companies, industries, and governments to continue informing and shaping the evolution of security strategy to meet the challenges facing organizations today and tomorrow.  Mr. Coviello's decades of expertise and influence have made him a recognized leader in the industry and he plays key roles in national and international cyber-security initiatives and is a regular speaker at conferences and forums around the world. Tim Belcher has been a Director of White Ops, Inc. since January 2015. He serves as Member of Advisory Board at Invincea, Inc. and Security Growth Partners. Mr. Tim Belcher served as the Chief Technology Officer at NetWitness Corp. since April 30, 2007. He is also the co-founder of NetWitness. Jim Bandanza brings over 20 years of enterprise security and software experience to the Digital Shadows Advisory Board as CRO/Chief Operating Officer at CounterTack. Dr. Srinivas Mantripragadais responsible for the overall product direction, technology and architecture at RedShift Networks. Dr Srinivas has 16 plus years of experience in building and delivering cutting edge solutions in Systems, Networking, Security, Communications and Infrastructure companies. Ian Cook joins Digital Shadows in an advisory role helping the business focus its efforts better towards incident responders and analysts. Mr Cook is CEO and Founder of Corbels Security Services and has 35 years of experience in advising businesses in their strategic decisions including Saudi American Bank, Citigroup, Merrill Lynch, Barclays, Team Cymru, and numerous technology start-ups. He is also mentor at Cyber London (CyLon): Europe's first cyber security accelerator; and at HutZero: the UK's first cybersecurity bootcamp. As well as sitting on many Advisory Boards In addition Digital Shadows has strengthened its executive leadership team with the appointment of Daniel Moskowitz as Chief Financial Officer based in the San Francisco headquarters. Formerly CFO of AtHoc which he helped grow from $10-$40m+ in ARR, before steering its successful acquisition by Blackberry.  Mr Moskowitz been through several other successful startup exits and cut his teeth at global firms including Intel, BMC and Intuit. Digital Shadows provides organizations with cyber situational awareness, a complete view of an organization's digital footprint and the profile of their attackers. Digital Shadows SearchLight™continuously monitors more than 100 million data sources in 27 languages across the visible, deep and dark web. Supported with expertise from the company's intelligence operations team, it provides an "attacker's eye view" of organizations' exposed data and the risks requiring mitigation, in order to prevent, detect and help contain cyber-related incidents. Digital Shadows closed 2016 with more than 880 percent revenue growth over 2015, and experienced significant customer expansion in both the United States and Europe, across verticals such as financial services, pharmaceuticals, retail and technology. The company grew rapidly hitting 100 employees in the second half of 2016 and a new office in Dallas to add to the sites in San Francisco and London. For more information, visit http://www.digitalshadows.com Contact Conrad Offices, 19th Floor Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai ***@oakconsulting.biz End Source : Digital Shadows Email : ***@oakconsulting.biz Posted By : ***@oakconsulting.biz Tags : Digital Shadows, Art Coviello, Daniel Moskowitz Industry : Technology Location : Dubai Internet City - Dubai - United Arab Emirates Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse OAK Consulting FZC News New Research:Cisco Reveals the Current State of Digital Transformation in Retail Sophos Announces Special Partner Initiatives Focused On SMB in the Middle East Time for your New Year Cyber Detox? Cybersecurity needs to be on every organization's agenda for 2017 Digital Shadows Report Reveals that the Mirai Botnet Isn't Going Away Trending Brad Sousa Named Chief Technology Officer at AVI Systems France Langan Joins Pheasant Run As General Manager Hackensack Meridian Health Partners with PatientPing to Bring Care Coordination to Health Care PGA National Resort & Spa Announces Once-in-a-Lifetime 'Sneak Peek Golf Challenge' Sages Announce 2/10 Release Date For New Album Sleepwalker Daily News United Premier Soccer League Announces Northeast Conference Expansion - 1014 views Stem Cell Treatment for Endstage Heart failure - 10-yr Follow-Up - 340 views Quadratec Announces 'Instant Scan Technology' Now Available For 2017 Jeep Catalogs - 195 views NuvOx Pharma and Jiangsu Nhwa Pharmaceutical Co, Ltd. sign Licensing Agreement for Hemorrhagic Shock - 181 views Entrepreneur Round Table Event MCGEVENT - 174 views Weekly News SOCIALDEALER Welcomes Kerry Kolde as Chief Revenue Officer - 1920 views Emoluments Law Suit, Filed Today, Haunted by Past Debacle - 1712 views FairBridge Hotels Hires Veteran Brand Leader Rajiv Bhatia as new CEO - 1692 views Pet Professional Guild announces scholarship program for members to further force-free education - 1224 views A Trifecta of Generosity and Gratitude Celebrated for Michigan Trails - 1166 views Daily News United Premier Soccer League Announces Northeast Conference Expansion - 1014 views Stem Cell Treatment for Endstage Heart failure - 10-yr Follow-Up - 340 views Quadratec Announces 'Instant Scan Technology' Now Available For 2017 Jeep Catalogs - 195 views NuvOx Pharma and Jiangsu Nhwa Pharmaceutical Co, Ltd. sign Licensing Agreement for Hemorrhagic Shock - 181 views Entrepreneur Round Table Event MCGEVENT - 174 views Weekly News SOCIALDEALER Welcomes Kerry Kolde as Chief Revenue Officer - 1920 views Emoluments Law Suit, Filed Today, Haunted by Past Debacle - 1712 views FairBridge Hotels Hires Veteran Brand Leader Rajiv Bhatia as new CEO - 1692 views Pet Professional Guild announces scholarship program for members to further force-free education - 1224 views A Trifecta of Generosity and Gratitude Celebrated for Michigan Trails - 1166 views PTC News Maslany, Rossi, Nichols, Cain To Attend Wizard World Comic Con Portland, February 17-19 - 351 views Lennar Debuts Next Gen in Bay Area at Tovero at Mare Island - 332 views Wizard World To Launch SocialCon Business Unit: SocialCon Shows To Span The U.S., Begin In Portland - 320 views Simmons, Hall, Brown, Carpenter Top Celebrities At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, March 17-19 - 125 views Lennar's Cambria at Fieldstone Grand Opens Saturday, January 28 - 86 views Jan 22, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
₦airaland Forum Welcome, Guest: Join Nairaland / LOGIN! / Trending / Recent / New Stats: 1,733,314 members, 3,326,856 topics. Date: Tuesday, 24 January 2017 at 10:15 PM Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm - Phones - Nairaland Nairaland Forum / Science/Technology / Phones / Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm (10564 Views) Wondered Why The First Infinix Device With Qualcomm Chipset Was Taken To Kenya? / See Reason Why Lawyers Filed A $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Facebook Inc / Mtk Vs Qualcomm And Snapdragon (1) (2) (3) (4) (0) (1) (Reply) (Go Down) Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by yusods(m): 11:53pm On Jan 20 By Diane Bartz Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government filed a lawsuit that accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over a key semiconductor in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that help phones connect to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for its chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates for chip purchases. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. Qualcomm did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the Apple lawsuit. The KFTC fined Qualcomm Inc 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) in December for what it called unfair practices in patent licensing, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. In Washington on Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers like Apple and to weaken competitors. Qualcomm said on Tuesday it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple’s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. "It promotes competition in the supply chain because everybody wants to be the dominant supplier to Apple," Morrison said. SOURCE : http://mobile.reuters.com/article/idUSKBN1542SG?utm_campaign=trueAnthem:+Trending+Content&utm_content=5882899004d30171def765c3&utm_medium=trueAnthem&utm_source=twitter 1 Like 1 Share Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by willian10: 12:52am On Jan 21 After all the money wey apple don make Like if you think Apple be werey Share if you think it's normal Some people will still click share 21 Likes 41 Shares Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by akandry: 7:13am On Jan 22 Let me park here first Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by Emeskhalifa(m): 7:13am On Jan 22 If not for their trend, I personally hate apple company. Set of greedy people there 10 Likes Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by Holatunde007(m): 7:14am On Jan 22 Apple can be greedy sha Meanwhile Very clean Hp laptop for sale Specifications are: Hard drive 350G 4gig Ram Bluetooth Wireless 4 serial USB port Activated window 7 ultimate. Asking price 58k Location Abeokuta Ogun State Contact me on call and whatsapp 07033266193. Pls only serious buyer should pm 1 Like Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by project55: 7:14am On Jan 22 Where is the durlardinho.. .is he dead Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by hamaworld(m): 7:14am On Jan 22 Apple? Orange ni Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by vanshwerz: 7:15am On Jan 22 14 Likes Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by sirOrubebe: 7:15am On Jan 22 willian10: After all the money wey apple don make Like if you think Apple be werey Share if you think it's normal Some people will still click share My friend stop looking for cheap likes 31 Likes Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by bi0nics: 7:16am On Jan 22 Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by softMarket(m): 7:16am On Jan 22 So I heard Apple,Samsung and microsoft are. Richer than the US govt............how true is this? Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by LoveJesus87(m): 7:17am On Jan 22 . Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by Freiden(m): 7:22am On Jan 22 How do i benefit from this? Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by HsLBroker(m): 7:22am On Jan 22 LoveJesus87: . Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by registration(m): 7:23am On Jan 22 No-one wants others to be successful. Just yourself 2 Likes Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by willian10: 7:23am On Jan 22 sirOrubebe: My friend stop looking for cheap likes .. 1 Like Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by sirOrubebe: 7:25am On Jan 22 willian10: .. Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by willian10: 7:29am On Jan 22 sirOrubebe: Dem send u Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by SmartMugu: 7:31am On Jan 22 Nothing concern me for this kind matter. Abeg, who get free palm oil for here? Two Maggi cubes also needed. Thanks Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by daveemuobo(m): 7:32am On Jan 22 Holatunde007: Apple can be greedy sha Meanwhile Very clean Hp laptop for sale Specifications are: Hard drive 350G 4gig Ram Bluetooth Wireless 4 serial USB port Activated window 7 ultimate. Asking price 58k Location Abeokuta Ogun State Contact me on call and whatsapp 07033266193. Pls only serious buyer should pmYou're even more greedy.there's no hard drive size like 350GB 14 Likes Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by VastFinder(m): 7:32am On Jan 22 ...and Qualcomm also fire back. SMH! Back to Back. Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by sirOrubebe: 7:34am On Jan 22 willian10: Dem send u Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by dasphinx1(m): 7:35am On Jan 22 Apple is greedy sha..... anyways, make i read comments Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by Brigance(m): 7:39am On Jan 22 This is very funny. Coming from Apple Inc that an OEM is overcharging? So yanking off 3.5mm jack for the flimsiest of reason and then replacing it with those pricey earpods is what? cut-edge pricing? Talk of speaking from both sides of the mouth. I actually think that are just scared of the stark fact confronting them; they need Qualcomm. Even Samsung came running back with the s7. 4 Likes Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by Miles300: 7:59am On Jan 22 softMarket: So I heard Apple,Samsung and microsoft are. Richer than the US govt............how true is this? . Even UAE and qatar are not as rich as America ...no company in US is richer than the states Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by skywalker240(m): 8:07am On Jan 22 . 1 Like Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by MrTruth4real: 8:11am On Jan 22 softMarket: So I heard Apple,Samsung and microsoft are. Richer than the US govt............how true is this? Donno how tru. But The money in apple reserve can end poverty in this world. Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by ALAYORMII: 8:12am On Jan 22 Make I find person sue Seun go make sense ooo Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by OHIsIManuEL(m): 8:12am On Jan 22 Miles300: . Even UAE and qatar are not as rich as America ...no company in US is richer than the states At $90 billion, the Microsoft Corp. co-founder’s net worth is equal to 0.5 percent of U.S. GDP. Its possible, but remove samsung, add google Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by Miles300: 8:21am On Jan 22 OHIsIManuEL: At $90 billion, the Microsoft Corp. co-founder’s net worth is equal to 0.5 percent of U.S. GDP. Its possible, but remove samsung, add google US GDP is 18trillion , don't u think if this companies are so rich more than the govt they can bring down in govt in power in America ? Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by RZArecta(m): 8:22am On Jan 22 "Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down"... Now that's a hilarious joke considering the cost of their phones 3 Likes Re: Apple Files $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Chip Supplier Qualcomm by fretfingers: 8:31am On Jan 22 Drop ur email address let's talk... Holatunde007: Apple can be greedy sha Meanwhile Very clean Hp laptop for sale Specifications are: Hard drive 350G 4gig Ram Bluetooth Wireless 4 serial USB port Activated window 7 ultimate. Asking price 58k Location Abeokuta Ogun State Contact me on call and whatsapp 07033266193. Pls only serious buyer should pm (0) (1) (Reply) Blackberry IMEI Generator Android App Developed By Codeberg / Gionee CONTROL V1 Android Phone Specification / The Much Awaited Elephone P7000 Pioneer Presales Begin. (Go Up) Sections: politics (1) business autos (1) jobs (1) career education (1) romance computers phones travel sports fashion health religion celebs tv-movies music-radio literature webmasters programming techmarket Links: (0) (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) Nairaland - Copyright © 2005 - 2017 Oluwaseun Osewa. All rights reserved. See How To Advertise. 79 Disclaimer: Every Nairaland member is solely responsible for anything that he/she posts or uploads on Nairaland.
  Canon EOS M5 MSRP $999.99 As low as $979.00 at Amazon.com Buy now   DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Canon EOS M5 review Canon finally made a mirrorless camera even serious shutterbugs will love Share DT Recommended Product The EOS M5 finally brings DSLR-level performance to Canon's mirrorless series. The EOS M5 finally brings DSLR-level performance to Canon's mirrorless series. The EOS M5 finally brings DSLR-level performance to Canon's mirrorless series. Highs Ergonomic design Enthusiast-friendly control layout Fast Dual Pixel autofocus Good still image quality Nice wireless connectivity options Lows No 4K video Lens lineup lacks enthusiast options EIS no substitute for sensor-shift stabilization DT Editors' Rating 7.0 DT Recommended Product Scores Explained Home > Product Reviews > Camera Reviews > Canon EOS M5 review By Daven Mathies Posted on 01.20.17 Research Center: Canon EOS M5 The EOS M5 made waves in the photo industry when it was announced last fall. It was a ray of light for enthusiasts and Canon fans who had long hoped for a serious mirrorless offering from the company. Unlike earlier EOS M cameras, the M5 doesn’t skimp on tech, using the same 24MP APS-C sensor and dual-pixel autofocus system from the acclaimed EOS 80D DSLR. For everything it brings to the table, the M5 unfortunately still lags behind mirrorless cameras from other manufacturers in some respects, namely video. Both Sony and Panasonic offer 4K resolution at similar price points, and even Fujifilm and Olympus have implemented the feature in their top-end cameras. For a company with so much professional video experience, it would have been nice to see Canon put more leading edge filmmaking tech into its flagship mirrorless camera, although we can’t say we’re surprised by the decision: the higher-priced 80D also lacks 4K. More: Sony a6300 review While not particular to the M5, Canon’s limited lineup of EOS EF-M lenses is another weak point. As such, the EOS M system remains most attractive to Canon DSLR shooters looking for a smaller camera that’s still compatible with their existing lenses (via the EOS EF-M Mount adapter). If the M5 signals a renewed focus on mirrorless for Canon, then hopefully new lenses are on the way. We hope this proves to be true, as the M5 is a solid camera and one that deserves a better selection of quality glass to put on it. Design and usability The most immediate difference between the M5 and its predecessors is the electronic viewfinder “hump.” Like the Olympus OM-D series, the EVF is situated directly above the lens, lending the camera the appearance of a small DSLR. In general, we prefer this setup to the far-left-mounted EVF of the Sony A6000 series, but the M5’s compact design means the shooting position will be a bit awkward for left eye shooters. Daven Mathies/Digital Trends Daven Mathies/Digital Trends A built-in EVF is definitely a welcome addition (its M3 predecessor requires an optional EVF that slides into the hot shoe), but we do wish it was a bit larger. Its 2.36-million-dot resolution looks good on paper, but real-world performance leaves a little to be desired. Luckily, the 1.62-million-dot articulating LCD looks great. Both color accuracy and sharpness appear better on the LCD compared to the EVF. The screen can tilt up by nearly 90 degrees and can flip downward a full 180 degrees for easy selfie framing, so there’s also that. More: Canon EOS 80D review Selfies aside, the control layout is clearly designed for enthusiast photographers, with two multifunction dials and a dedicated exposure compensation dial on the top plate. One dial encircles the shutter button, while a Dial Function button resides at the center of the second, allowing users to quickly change what it controls, like aperture, white balance, and ISO. A third function dial is located around the four-way controller on the back of the camera, while the mode dial and newly designed power switch can be found to the left of the EVF. The back control dial is a bit flimsy, but all others feel very solid, with satisfying click points that make the camera easy to operate by feel. Canon’s Dual Pixel AF tech is simply a joy to use. Overall, we found the controls to be very intelligently laid out. The shape of the grip and material used is also very comfortable. This is arguably one of the most usable and enthusiast-friendly designs of any small mirrorless camera. If there’s an issue to be taken, it’s simply due to how many buttons and dials are crammed into such a small space. On multiple occasions, we inadvertently hit the video record button while just carrying the camera in hand, leading to several short clips in which the ground was featured prominently. In addition to all the physical controls, the screen is touch-sensitive. One thing we very much appreciate is that there is nothing on the screen that can’t be duplicated with a physical button or dial, which is great for shooting in colder weather with gloves on. Some operations, like navigating across the menu system or selecting a focus point, are much more efficient with the touchscreen, so it’s worth using when possible. The screen also works as a blind touch panel so you can still use it to move the focus point even when framing through the EVF. The M5 offers some advanced options for adjusting how this functionality works, including the ability to limit the touch-sensitive region to a single portion of the screen. Users can also choose between absolute or relative response. The default absolute behavior means when you touch a point on the screen, the focus point will move to the corresponding coordinates within the EVF regardless of where it was before. We actually preferred the relative setting, which allows you to drag the focus point from its origin no matter where your thumb happens to land on the screen. When using a limited touch region, however, the relative setting won’t always allow the focus point to be moved across the entire frame, so we recommend experimenting with these options to find the settings that work best for you. Sharing images and controlling the camera remotely is also easy thanks to both Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. Bluetooth operation is limited to remotely operating the camera and doesn’t offer live view, but it uses less energy than Wi-Fi and maintains a constant connection to your mobile device. For transferring images over Wi-Fi, the M5 can also connect to a home network, so you don’t need to connect your phone to the camera’s Wi-Fi directly (although, this is still an option when you’re in the field). Performance and image quality Thanks to the Digic 7 processor, the EOS M5 can shoot at seven frames per second (fps) with continuous autofocus and live view. With AF and exposure locked, that speed jumps up to nine fps. Those numbers are a bit behind the competition (the Sony A6300 can shoot 11 fps with AF, or eight with AF and live view) but should be adequate for most users. The biggest jump in performance the M5 makes over the M3 is in autofocus. Canon’s Dual Pixel AF tech is simply a joy to use. Combined with the STM focus motors in EF-M lenses, AF performance is lightning fast and whisper quiet. In all but dimly lit indoor situations, we didn’t have any obvious AF errors. Face detection AF also works very well. In our testing, it easily tracked a face across the entire frame, even when moving the camera quickly. This is great for all types of portrait photography (yes, including selfies) but is also nice for shooting video. It is clear that Canon put a good amount of effort into making the M5 approachable to beginners even as it built it up for enthusiasts. Battery life in normal mode may be a paltry 295 shots (based on CIPA testing), but this can be increased to 410 using the camera’s Eco mode. Eco mode dims the display after two seconds of inactivity and turns it off after 10 seconds. The camera wakes up instantly with just a half press of the shutter button (or any other operation), so we didn’t find Eco mode bothersome. We recommend switching it on except when you need more time to set up a shot. It’s great to see that Canon gave the M5 its current best APS-C sensor, rather than curtail it with an older unit in order to differentiate the more expensive 80D. It truly makes the M5 a sort of miniature 80D, with more-or-less equal performance and image quality. Users will definitely want to shoot in RAW in order to maximize detail, but in-camera JPEGs will be fine for sending to a phone over Wi-Fi for quick sharing to social media. Noise is very well managed through ISO 800 and even 1,600 and 3,200 are usable. Above that, things start to get a little rough, although at reduced image size you could get away with ISO 12,800 if you had to. The maximum setting of 25,600 comes with a significant jump in noise and corresponding loss of detail and should therefore be avoided. If you see Sasquatch in a dark wood on a moonless night, however, ISO 25,600 might be worth it. More: Canon filed more U.S. patents than Google, Apple, and Intel in 2016 Image quality is otherwise great with nice colors in both RAW and JPEG. Canon’s sensors may still not match the dynamic range or high ISO performance of those from Sony, but the average user is unlikely to notice the difference in everyday use. Given Canon’s great ergonomics and, in this reviewer’s opinion, more intuitive menu system, the M5 would make a compelling choice over the Sony A6300 for still photographers – if only Canon had more EF-M lenses. Canon EOS M5 Compared To Olympus OM-D E-M1 Mark II Fujifilm X-T2 Sony Alpha a6300 Olympus O-MD E-M10 II Sony A7S II Sony A7R II Olympus OM-D E-M5 Mark II Sony A7 II Nikon 1 J4 Fujifilm X-T1 Sigma DP3 Olympus PEN E-P5 Nikon 1 J3 Sony NEX-6 Sony Alpha NEX-7 Video Still photography is only half of the equation on any modern camera, and video is unfortunately the biggest thing holding the M5 back. Canon has gone to great lengths to make shooting video as easy as possible on this camera, but at the end of the day, it fails to live up to the standards set by Sony and Panasonic, which are putting 4K into their cameras, among other features (the M5 support Full HD 1080 at 60p). Unique to the M5 is a hybrid image stabilization system that combines in-lens optical stabilization with electronic image stabilization (EIS) for shooting smooth handheld video. Canon calls this system Combination IS and says it stabilizes footage on a total of five axes, similar to what other brands offer with sensor-shift stabilization. Please enable Javascript to watch this video However, we found the negative effects of EIS to be too strong to ignore, with a noticeable loss of video quality due to the necessary cropping required to stabilize the image. We much preferred the results when using just in-lens optical stabilization, as Canon’s implementation of 1080p is actually pretty good when not being altered by EIS. While it offers manual exposure, focus peaking, and a microphone jack, the M5 won’t be the filmmaker’s choice of mirrorless camera. It might make due for the still photographer who wants to capture the occasional video on the side, but if you’re looking for a camera that can truly give you the best of both worlds, this isn’t it. Warranty information The M5 carries a one-year limited warranty, which is on par with most consumer cameras. Our Take With the EOS M5, Canon has shown us that it is at least willing to take a stab at the enthusiast mirrorless market, and we couldn’t be happier about that decision. Somewhat lackluster video features, a merely okay electronic viewfinder, and a limited lens selection make for significant drawbacks, but there is still a lot to like about this camera. From a still photography perspective, it provided the best shooting experience we’ve yet had on a sub-$1,500 mirrorless camera, and we’re hopeful things will only get better from here for the EOS M system. Is there a better alternative?  The M5 lives at the center of a very crowded market. Sony’s A6300 is the obvious comparison here, which at $1,000 (body only) offers incredible value for the money, including 4K video and higher continuous shooting speeds. The Canon’s superior ergonomics go a long way to make up for what it lacks under the hood, but that won’t be enough for everyone. How long will it last? The DT Accessory Pack Canon EOS M mount adapter $200 Canon EF-M 22mm f2 lens $249 Peak Design Everyday messenger bag $220 The M5 is a well-made camera with the build quality we’ve come to expect from Canon. We have no reason to doubt its efficacy for several years to come, but the problem, again, is that it is already outclassed by other mirrorless cameras on the market today. If you are okay being behind the curve in terms of video and continuous shooting performance, then the M5 could easily last you a long time, but it’s not really an example of the latest and greatest tech. Should you buy it? Yes, if you are looking for a smaller take-anywhere camera that takes great photos, especially Canon DSLR owners who want familiar controls and official support for your existing lenses (note that the EOS M Mount adapter costs $200). Otherwise, you may be best holding off while Canon fleshes out its EOS M ecosystem. While the M5 has great potential as a still camera, the lack of native lenses prevents it from appealing to enthusiast photographers, a demographic that would otherwise love using it. There is currently no EF-M portrait lens, for example, and the 22mm f/2 STM pancake lens is the only option with an aperture faster than f/3.5. With two or three more decent lenses, we wouldn’t hesitate to recommend the M5 to all manner of photographers. For now, casual users will appreciate the compact size and excellent AF performance of the kit lens, but enthusiasts will be left wanting. Share
language:English Thursday, October 24, 2013 Language Language www english german italy portuguese french russian espanol malay vietnamese laos cambodian thai indonesian filipino myanmar japanese korean mongol nepal hindi bengali turkish persian arabic Open search News Video Travel Photos Learn Chinese City Guide Free Mail Segway's 'mobility robot platform' to begin mass production Updated 2017-01-21 10:22:24 China Daily Loomo, the first consumer robot produced by Segway, is on display during a press conference held in January 19, 2017 in Beijing. (Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn) A China-made mobile robot is set to begin mass production for consumers later this year. Ninebot (Beijing) Tech Co Ltd, backed by Smartphone maker Xiaomi, unveiled its self-balancing two-wheeled robot on Thursday in Beijing. Named "Loomo", the robot was transformed from the Ninebot Mini series scooter, which was first launched in October 2015, months after the company made an announcement to acquire the 12-year-old US-based balancing-scooter pioneer Segway Inc, and became one of the largest patent holders in the industry. The acquisition followed an million investment in Ninebot by Xiaomi, Sequoia Capital and other investors. The original prototype of the robot was debuted at the international Consumer Electronics Show (CES) early last year in Las Vegas. The core business of the startup has then expanded to two main categories: Segway PT (Personal Transportation) and Segway Robotics. An artificial intelligence system was installed in the robot to establish look, listening and speaking skills by Intel's computing unit and a variety of sensors, such as RealSense depth perception sensor and microphone array sensor. On the hardware side, Segway Robot provides a hardware extension bay that connects to additional accessories. During this year's CES, the company collaborated with BMW to deploy a customized parking assistant service for the latter's vehicles. Sarah Zhang, senior director and head of Robotics Business Operations of Ninebot, told China Daily that the company is looking forward to working with more auto manufacturers to implement the service for drivers and also is willing to create customized service for high-end parking lots, similar to the charging piles that set up for Tesla drivers. Also in the News Showbiz2016/06/16 13:58January 25 2017 05:15:09 Nicole Kidman Recalls Oscar Glory: Loneliest Time Attending Shanghai International Film Festival, Nicole Kidman talks about her role in "Grace of Monaco". Also in the News2014/05/01 12:16January 25 2017 05:15:09 Labor Day Travel Peak Starts Also in the News2014/04/18 13:18January 25 2017 05:15:09 Johnny Depp Delivers a Speech 'Evolve the Future' in 'Transcendence' Hollywood star Johnny Depp's speech in the upcoming new film "Transcendence" has been disclosed on Friday, April 11th. Most Viewed Audio Reports CRI Director-General Wang Gengnian's 2017 New Year Speech Immersion Corporation Partner with Letv to Produce 4D Phones China's Import Tax Cut to Reduce Revenue and Bolster Consumption Short Selling of Stocks Opens to overseas Investors Sydney Celebrates Chinese New Year with Terracotta Warrior Lanterns Most Watched Specials Beijing Sets Up 1st Emergency Relief Unit for Blind Shanghai Sets up First Police Emergency Unit Jiangxi's "No.1 Bee Man" Breaks Guinness World Record A Day of a Tian'anmen Square Patrolman during Lianghui News: China World Business Sports Showbiz Audio Video: C4 My Chinese Life The Sound Stage China Revealed Showbiz Video Travel Video Photos: China World Fun Travel Entertainment Sports Travel: Beijing Shanghai Guangzhou Lifestyle: Live Music Opera & Classical Movies Traditional Shows Exhibitions Learn Chinese: Chinese Studio Living Chinese Everyday Chinese Just For Fun Chinese Culture Buzzwords About China.com|About GMG|Ad Services|Contact Information|Copyright Notice Copyright © China.com All Rights Reserved
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Marcus Hiles – LEED-Certified Apartment Construction Has Increased by Tenfold Since 2008 Marcus Hiles – LEED-Certified Apartment Construction Has Increased by Tenfold Since 2008 Posted on January 22, 2017 by Marcus Hiles in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer DALLAS, TX / ACCESSWIRE / January 21, 2017 / Marcus Hiles has proven, across numerous apartment construction projects, that LEED Certification is cost-effective, efficient, and preferred by today’s rental consumer. The fact that LEED-Certified Apartment Construction has increased by tenfold since 2008, underscores its importance in the marketplace. Hiles’ projects illustrate in solid numbers that the LEED combination of healthy materials, focus on performance, smart grid thinking, and efficient water use are directly related to higher financial returns and rental rates, optimized health and productivity of residents, improved public relations, as well as significant savings in expenditures for energy and operating costs. Founded in 1993 by a group that included Rick Fedrizzi, the U.S. Green Building Council, USGBC, and the LEED certification system, an acronym for Leadership in Energy &amp; Environmental Design, has grown rapidly. Over a period of ten years, the organization expanded to 14 billion square feet in registered, certified space, with buildings located in 150 countries according to Forbes Magazine. The rapid growth is the result of a meeting of the minds between business and environmentalists. Marcus Hiles agrees with Fedrizzi’s comment in The Guardian, acknowledging that “sustainability is profitable and that profitability can be sustainable.” Fedrizzi adds, in his book titled Greenthink, “The way it works is that developers, owners and tenants see significant savings and environmental benefits from green buildings, while USGBC members see significant financial returns.” The concept has been embraced even by the most venerable of financial institutions, including Goldman Sachs, as noted by Fortune Magazine, and the biggest of tech firms, as the New York Times stated in a piece about Intel’s $1 billion Ho Chi Minh City chip factory voluntarily seeking USGBC certification. As superyacht owners request hybrid, fuel-saving propulsion, luxury travelers seek sustainable accommodation, and corporations experience financial benefits related to green buildings, the demand for LEED Certified Apartment Construction continues to follow suit. The USGBC website reports the trend remains mainly because owners of green buildings faced an average of 19.2 percent improvement in ROI for existing buildings and about a 9.9 percent new project return. According to a Smart Market Report from McGraw Hill, multifamily builders cite reasons for building to LEED standards, with more than half citing customer demand, three-quarters citing savings on energy use, and about 70 percent recognizing government or utility incentives, with about 65 percent acknowledging a competitive market advantage over less sustainable properties. Marcus Hiles placed himself ahead of the curve early on, using his intuition to satisfy market demand for healthier lifestyles and wellness environments among apartment rental customers through his companies under the Western Rim Properties umbrella. Nurturing neighborhoods, not projects, and forging important bonds among employees, residents, and locations through mentorship, work ethic, and philanthropic activities, Hiles has emerged as a lifestyle leader in the multifamily market. With more than 15,000 upscale residential properties under his wing across the state of Texas, Hiles continues to advance the industry, acting on opportunity to create appealing, affordable high-end developments attentive to green standards. Marcus Hiles – Chairman &amp; CEO of Western Rim Property Services: http://www.MarcusHiles-News.com Western Rim Property Services- Marcus Hiles – Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Western-Rim-Property-Services-Marcus-Hiles-1013270532051763/ Marcus Hiles (@marcus_hiles) – Twitter: https://twitter.com/marcus_hiles Marcus Hiles – New Luxury Apartments in Frisco, TX – YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmsJNbfOh-g Contact Information: MarcusHiles-News.com marcus@marcushiles-news.com SOURCE: Marcus Hiles ReleaseID: 453222 Latest News Mattress Recycling Council’s Bye Bye Mattress Program Marks “Millionth Mattress” Milestone WHAM INC. Announces Enhanced Release of its Android Mobile Encryption Application 2017 Institute for CSR Annual Developments in Global Manufacturing Analytics Industry 2017 Market Solutions for Asset Management & Maintenance Service Global IP Video Surveillance Industry 2017 Market Reviews, Security Solutions, Key Developments & Surveillance Applications Impact of Existing and Emerging Chromatography Instrumentation Market Trends and Forecast 2015-2025 AgriProtein Named in Global Top 100 Cat Parasite Linked to Likelihood of Alzheimer’s Disease Express Employment Professionals Tops Entrepreneur Franchise 500 List Attorney Thomas Dunlap Returns to Sundance Film Festival to Speak on the Panel on Challenges in Independent Film © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest News Budget 2017 Gossip Compare India Australian Open Hockey League #SWAGphoneHonor6X Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest NewsBudget 2017GossipCompare IndiaAustralian OpenHockey League#SWAGphoneHonor6X Latest News Budget 2017 Gossip Compare India Australian Open Hockey League #SWAGphoneHonor6X Amazon Great Indian Sale Day 3: Deals on Moto X Force, Bose QuietComfort 25 And More IT Firm Cyient Acquires US-based Certon Software Samsung Announces Enhanced Battery Safety Measures Bharti Airtel Q3 Net Profit Drops 55 Percent: All You Need to Know News18 » Tech 2-min read Amazon Great Indian Sale Day 3: Deals on Moto X Force, Bose QuietComfort 25 And More Partner Content First published: January 22, 2017, 8:00 AM IST | Updated: 2 days ago Here are the top deals to look out for on Day 3 of Amazon Great Indian Sale. (Image: Amazon India) The third and final day of Amazon ‘Great Indian Sale’ features attractive deals on Bose QuietComfort 25 headphones, Moto X Force, Micromax Canvas Lapbook and Samsung LED TVs among others. E-commerce giant Amazon India had announced its 'Great Indian Sale’ starting from January 20, Friday. The sale which will last until January 22, Sunday, offers popular products with attractive discounts. Apart from attractive deals, Amazon India is offering bank cash back offers. SBI customers who shop for Rs 4,999 are eligible for a 10 percent cash-back when they shop on their personal computer and a 15 percent (maximum Rs 1,750 cashback at checkout) when they shop on the Amazon App. Customers opting to go cashless can avail additional cash-back when they pay with SBI credit and debit cards. Along with bank offers, customers who use Amazon Pay Balance to pay for orders between Rs 250 and Rs 4,999 can avail 10 percent cash-back when they shop on the PC and 15 percent cash-back when they shop on the Amazon App (maximum Rs 750 cashback at checkout). Top deals to look out for on Day 3 of Amazon Great Indian Sale: 1. Sanyo 124 cm (49 inches) XT-49S7100F Full HD LED IPS TV (Black) is available for Rs 30,990 instead of Rs 34,990. Visit here. 2. Samsung 59 cm (24 inches) 24H4003-SF HD Ready LED TV (Black) is available for Rs 11,499. Visit here. 3. Bose QuietComfort 25 Acoustic Noise Cancelling headphones is available for Rs 16380 instead of Rs 20,158. Visit here. 4. Micromax Canvas Lapbook L1160 11.6-inch Laptop Silver (Intel Quad Core/2GB/32GB emmc Flash Drive/Windows 10/Integrated Graphics) is available for Rs 8,999 instead of Rs 11,499. Visit here. The Moto X Force. (Image: Moto India) 5. Moto X Force (Black, 32GB) is available for Rs 26,999 instead of Rs 34,999. Visit here. 6. Lenovo Vibe K4 Note (Black, 16GB) is available for Rs 10,990 instead of Rs 11,999. Visit here. 7. Noble Skiodo 101 cm (40 inches) I-Tech 42SM40P01 Full HD LED Smart TV (Black) with Wi-Fi, Motion Sensor, Keyboard and Remote is available for Rs 21,490 instead of Rs 22,999. Visit here. The Lenovo Vibe K4 Note. (Image: Lenovo India) 8. WAVE MUSIC SYSTEM IV ESP BLK 240V AP is available for Rs 31,410 instead of Rs 39, 263. Visit here. Apart from these, Amazon India is also featuring a ‘Musafir Offer’ in which 10 people will win all-expense paid trips to Europe for two members from Musafir. Also, Renault will be sponsoring prizes for 10 lucky winners who can each win the popular hatchback Renault Kwid. Amazon Great Indian sale amazon india Bose QuietComfort 25 Motorola Moto Recommended For You Pacer Sreesanth Denied NOC to Play in Scotland League Australian Open 2017: Roger Federer Masterclass Floors Mischa Zverev Raees vs Kaabil: Hrithik Roshan Challenges the Khan Supremacy in Bollywood Yamaha FZ 25 Launched at Rs 1.19 lakh, Gets a 249cc Engine and Bold Styling 13 Things That Rishi Kapoor Revealed From His Book at Jaipur Lit Fest About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News News Wrap: Catch The Day's Top Stories Is Kejriwal The Angriest Politician in India Relations With China Normal, Boundary Issue Talks on: Rijiju I-League 2017: Mohun Bagan Held to a Goalless Draw by DSK Shivajians Watch: Talking Point With Zakka Jacob Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > Qualcomm says Apple has misunderstood the ‘value of the technology we have invented’ Qualcomm says Apple has misunderstood the ‘value of the technology we have invented’ January 21, 2017 Peter Cao 2 Comments Yesterday, Apple filed suit against Qualcomm for its anticompetitive licensing practices. Now, the chipmaker has responded by saying Apple’s claims are “baseless” and encourages “regulatory attacks.” Here’s Qualcomm’s full statement: “While we are still in the process of reviewing the complaint in detail, it is quite clear that Apple’s claims are baseless. Apple has intentionally mischaracterized our agreements and negotiations, as well as the enormity and value of the technology we have invented, contributed and shared with all mobile device makers through our licensing program. Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information. We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits,” said Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel, Qualcomm Incorporated. Up until 2016 with the iPhone 7, Qualcomm was the sole supplier for the LTE chips found in the iPhone. With the latest iPhone, in addition to Qualcomm, Intel began manufacturing LTE chips for the iPhone. Apple says that Qualcomm forced the company to use its chip and pay back a percentage of the phone’s selling price in return to access its patents. Tags: iPhone, LTE, LTE chips, Qualcomm About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Rumor: Apple to add group FaceTime calls in iOS 11 KGI: Apple exploring facial recognition and two-step Touch ID for iPhone 8 → Irfan I never thought that apple will go that cheap .. a d00d Yeah, a cool G…for GigaDollar is remarkably cheap for the Evil Empire of Cupertino! OTOH, after reading both articles, Apple may actually have a point as Qualcomm is well known for attacking anyone and everyone like a patent troll, but in their case they own something like a third to half the patents to most everything electronic you use every day! (And they did develop them.) The most telling example of how extreme it is is that Qualcomm and others’ patents are why the Chinese developed TD-LTE. At the end of the day, though, it’s all about the pot calling the kettle black. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Qualcomm says Apple has misunderstood the 'value of the technology we have invented'2 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models3 Apple features wallpapers for iPhone, iPad, and Mac to celebrate Chinese New Year1 Apple Pay adds a dozen new banks and credit unions in several countries1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 Report: Apple's AirPods and Beats wireless headphones make up 40% of recent Bluetooth headphone sales1 Foxconn begins automating its production lines, plans to automate entire factories1 Supply chain rumor suggests Apple Pencil 2 will launch alongside iPad Pro this year1 Looking Back: Here Are My Top 6 Apps3 PhoneDog USB-C Solutions for Your MacBook Pro! LG and Google's Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches reportedly appear in leaked images LG G6 image leak gives a peek at the front of the upcoming Android flagship AT&T launching International Day Pass to simplify using your phone overseas OnePlus 3T 64GB Gunmetal will be offered with immediate dispatch ZTE says it made a 'mistake' with crowdsourced Hawkeye, asks for suggestions to improve it Android Instant Apps now in live testing Android And Me LG G6 rumored to include Snapdragon New leaks show LG G6, LG and Google’s ZTE apologizes about making Project LG may use Google Assistant on upcoming OnePlus 3T 64GB in gunmetal now in stock Google starting limited testing of Android TmoNews LG G6 appears in leaked image ahead MetroPCS kicks off free phone offer Samsung Galaxy Note 7 investigation T-Mobile One plan now all-in, KickBack T-Mobile Tuesdays will begin letting Samsung to reveal cause of Galaxy Note T-Mobile’s BlackBerry Priv and LG PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Home News Companies Mobile Gadgets Opinion Cyber Security Multimedia Fin24 TechNews How China plans to clamp down on foreign technology 2017-01-22 16:30 Post a comment 0 share: RELATED ARTICLES China economy weighs on consumer tech spending China entices US tech firms in spite of state control China tech firms gain from cyber barbs Beijing - China's largest chip maker has announced it will invest $30bn to build a new semiconductor factory, as the world's second largest economy seeks to reduce its dependence on foreign technology. The state-owned Tsinghua Unigroup will open the facility in the city of Nanjing in eastern Jiangsu province, where it will mainly produce chips used in consumer electronics such as cellphones, cameras and computers, according to a statement posted on the company's official website. The project "is of great significance to the independent innovation, large-scale production, and marketisation of China's integrated circuit industry", the statement said. The announcement comes after attempts by the company to take-over US chip makers Micron Technology and Sandisk were curbed by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) over national security concerns. Its ambitions to acquire American technology thwarted, Tsinghua Unigroup has shifted its focus to building plants in China, launching a $24bn memory chip factory in Wuhan city last month, according to online news site Sohu. China was the largest market for semiconductors in the world in 2015. Its excessive dependence on imported chips has raised concern in Beijing over the country's national security, according to a report by the US Department of Commerce. In 2014, Chinese authorities pledged 100bn yuan ($14.6bn) to support the industry, with the aim of building a "globally competitive semiconductor sector by 2030", according to two statements by China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology in 2014 and 2015. In a speech on cyber security last April, Chinese president Xi Jinping warned that China must gain control of "core" technology, saying that leaving it in the hands of foreigners is "our greatest hidden danger." The drive by China to expand its role in the market, long dominated by US firms like Intel and Qualcomm, has raised concerns in Washington. A report to President Barack Obama by a presidential science panel last month warned that China is set to challenge American dominance in the industry.Read Fin24's top stories trending on Twitter: Fin24’s top stories Read more about: china  |  tech share: More In This Category LG, Huawei to launch new devices before global conference China cracks down on tools used to get around web filters Cape firm uses artificial intelligence to empower employees Crowdfunding site shuns Tinder for child adoption app Most Popular Read MTN says sorry for ‘slow’ BEE cash payout Don't expect the 'Samsung S8' to be launched next month SA cyber security firm fights mobile payment breaches New SA app eliminates need for a car key SA businessman pays R250 per minute for a call to Sweden Contact us   |   About Us   |   Terms & Conditions NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |    
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Trump’s Press Secretary Slams Media Over Inauguration Crowd Size Coverage Ted Johnson VarietyJanuary 21, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share President Trump’s press secretary Sean Spicer, making his first statement in the White House briefing room, slammed the news media on Saturday for trying to “lessen the enthusiasm” of Trump’s inauguration through reporting on crowd size and a bust of Martin Luther King Jr. in the Oval Office. In a combative tone, Spicer insisted that Trump’s swearing in was “the largest audience to witness an inauguration, period, both in person and around the world.” But overhead photos clearly show that the crowds did not match Barack Obama’s 2009 swearing in, when an estimated 1.8 million people attended. Ratings also were lower for Trump’s swearing in than they were in 2009. And Metro ridership in Washington also was lower. Trump’s team scheduled the press statement late on Saturday afternoon, after news networks spent much of the day covering the Women’s March on Washington and in other cities around the world. Organizers reported that the turnout was much larger than expected, with a flood of people packing the mall and streets around it, as well as in Manhattan on Fifth Avenue, Chicago in Grant Park, and Los Angeles in Pershing Square and at City Hall. Spicer challenged press accounts that compared the size of the crowd on the National Mall for Trump’s inaugural to the numbers who showed up for Barack Obama’s swearing-in in 2009. Spicer claimed some of the media was engaged in “deliberately false reporting.” Trump himself claimed that the crowds stretched to the Washington Monument, complaining in a speech at the CIA on Saturday that the media was showing photos of empty spaces on the mall and that “it looked like a million, a million and a half people.” He said that he has a “running war with the media.” Still, photos from the two inaugurations show that, with some gaps, crowds stretched to the Washington Monument in 2009, while that was not the case this year. The photos were each taken from the same vantage point — atop the monument itself. Spicer had claimed that in some media accounts, photos were “framed in a way” to minimize the crowd size. Spicer contended that security officials were more aggressive in their use of metal detectors, keeping more spectators from witnessing the ceremony. There is no official estimate of crowd size from the National Park Service, which has jurisdiction over the National Mall. Some media outlets reported on an unofficial estimate that put the size at 250,000, and a number of media outlets reported that the size of the crowd for Saturday’s Women’s March on Washington at 500,000. Spicer said that in fact “no one had numbers” of crowd size, but he suggested that should be taken into account when reporting on the Women’s March. Spicer claimed that “we are going to hold the press accountable as well.” His first official briefing is scheduled for Monday. Spicer also took issue with a report on Friday that Trump had a bust of Martin Luther King Jr. removed from the Oval Office. Several reporters tweeted it out, based on a pool report. But the pool reporter, Zeke Miller, initially didn’t see the bust as he was in the Oval Office on Friday, and later sent out a correction. Earlier in the day, Trump, in his visit to the CIA, told an audience that the media “sort of made it sound like I had a feud with the intelligence community. And just want to let you know that the reason you’re the No. 1 stop is exactly the opposite.” He made the comment while standing at the CIA Memorial Wall to honor fallen personnel. In fact, Trump was upset over the leak of intelligence information about Russia’s role in U.S. election, and tweeted on Jan. 11, “Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to ‘leak’ into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?” The reaction to Spicer’s press conference and Trump’s media attacks, coming on the first day of the new administration, drew words of astonishment from White House correspondents and TV anchors. Chuck Todd of NBC News tweeted, “I’ve run out of adjectives.” CNN’s Jim Sciutto tweeted, “In the hierarchy of inaccuracies today inauguration crowd size is distant 2nd to President’s claim media created his feud w/Intel agencies. “Forget crowd estimates. What happens when the numbers actually matter? US troops killed, terror cells ID’d, North Korean missiles fired?” Ari Fleischer, press secretary under President George W. Bush, said via Twitter, “This is called a statement you’re told to make by the President. And you know the President is watching.” Related stories Chelsea Handler Nixes Two-Party Politics: 'I'm Not a Democrat Anymore' (Watch) CNN Declines to Air White House Press Conference Live Donald Trump Inauguration Draws 30.6 Million Viewers, Fewer Than Obama in 2009 Get more from Variety and Variety411: Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Newsletter Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Photo Shows $20M That Feds Found Hidden in Bed 1376 messages2%80%18% Find the Right Cold Relief Fast at Walgreens WalgreensSponsored Sean Spicer verifies President Trump believes there was voter fraud 32 messages2%60%38% Defense Secretary Mattis' first message to the troops tells you everything you need to know about his leadership style 2430 messages11%70%19% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 978 messages5%57%38% File your taxes for $0 TurboTaxSponsored Trump signs executive orders to advance construction of pipelines 43 messages9%73%18% Barack and Michelle Obama Enjoy a Post-Presidency Vacation in the British Virgin Islands 544 messages6%78%16% White House defends Trump’s debunked claim of massive voter fraud, ‘maybe’ will investigate 2110 messages4%65%31% What Traci Lords Looks Like Now Is Crazy SemesterzSponsored Trump admin orders EPA contract freeze and media blackout 383 messages7%67%26% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 938 messages10%15%75% Paul Ryan says he sees "no evidence" to support President Trump’s claims of voter fraud 236 messages3%71%26% 2 Boston Grads Disrupted A $19 Billion Industry EverQuoteSponsored GOP Congress grapples with 'alternative facts' from Trump 893 messages4%64%32% Dying from cancer: Could your location determine your fate? 190 messages8%65%27% White House defends Trump’s debunked claim of massive voter fraud, ‘maybe’ will investigate Paul: There's no denying that illegal aliens voted in droves. Otherwise, please explain Liberals why no ID is ever required in most states? Why do you suppose that is....? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.1k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: ESPORTS Sexism in esports deserves more than the Band-Aid of segregation Amir-Esmaeil Bozorgzadeh@whiteboxamir January 21, 2017 7:03 PM Above: Nintendo will go after esports with Switch device. Image Credit: Nintendo Women are half the gaming population but represent only a small minority in competitive gaming, an industry that is set to hit $1.1 billion in revenues by 2018. One contributing issue is the sexism that takes place in the otherwise burgeoning industry. With 85 percent of professional gamers male and the number of cases of online harassment and abuse that have left many female players feeling disenfranchised, esports is in trouble of being associated as a “boys club.” One of the industry’s answers has been to create segregated girls-only teams, leagues, and tournaments, a proposition that doesn’t make sense in a sport where there are none of the physical disadvantages to mixing genders as there are in traditional sports. Sure, it’s a quick remedy that produces immediate results like offering more opportunities to gain experience. But it’s not a long-term solution, but rather a handicap that limits the wider potential of the industry. It’s like smoking cigarettes at an early age. It threatens to stunt your growth. Segregation isn’t the right answer and it only perpetuates the underlying issues, particularly when it’s clear that the industry will need to sooner or later consolidate itself by reintegrating the genders back together. This will be way more difficult after a few years pass and the landscape has already matured and broadened into a more mainstream industry. Quite a few women feel disenfranchised, and that’s just bad business because you’re alienating half of your potential market of gamers and potentially also the wider community of female spectators. Gender parity has to be the aim and competitive gaming deserves it because it is inherently gender blind to begin with. So why is this happening? It falls under what the industry refers to as toxic chat and behavior. Reports of online harassment and abuse abound about toxic chats and dialogues that have descended into threats of rape or harm towards female players, and these cases are sometimes quite graphic. It’s only natural that the first knee-jerk reaction for the industry to take is to simplify the situation by establishing what has been done for hundreds and thousands of years when you want to sterilize society: separate the genders into separate insulated communities. But this only aggravates the situation. One, women already receive less sponsorship interest and coverage as it is, and segregation will likely only serve to continue this trend down a road where the female players, teams, and leagues will be seen as the “sideshow.” Two, it compromises on the bigger issue at hand: that a subset of the male gamer community hold and share misogynist ideas based on asinine misconceptions like “women aren’t as skilled as men.” Personally, I know this isn’t true for the majority of professional male gamers, but a divisive segment do exist and we need to hone in on them and pay them special attention. Resolving these misconceptions in those so sorely affected will take a long time and a lot of effort through marketing and the like that aim to dispel toxic ideas. But while that’s the carrot, I think the stick is more important at the moment. The advantage in combating discrimination in esports is that everything happens digitally. Moderation tools can be enhanced in order to ensure that professional players know that poor behavior will be penalized. With AI and machine learning on the rise, this can only become more streamlined and advanced in coming years. The ill-conceived idea that it’s OK to discriminate must be weeded out and the rules can’t be lax. A penalization system that affects players’ rankings, sponsorships, and cash stakes will sober up quite a few of the bad apples, help them ‘snap out of it’, and set an example to the broader community. Let’s be clear. I don’t think we can just get rid of toxicity itself. Instead, it has to be built into the system that those that partake in poor behavior are affected by becoming less relevant. That’s the idea that needs to be ingrained. The moment when sponsorships get into the mix, when tickets are being sold, and when players and teams are being paid, the ante has just gone up and so have the standards. That’s the deal any professional should wholeheartedly agree with when they sign up as contenders to be taken seriously. Last February, Intel and ESL funded AnyKey, an advocacy group that has been churning out research-driven whitepapers and running workshops to cover these kinds of inclusivity issues. They established an ethics code, coined Keystone Code, which their affiliate organizations are encouraged to support within their own communities. Yet a lot will depend on not just encouraging but actively promoting and enforcing decency as a rule, not an option. Either way, esports needs to avoid alienating the female population at this early stage, both as players and spectators. Otherwise it’ll harm its long-run prospects and fall short on its potential. Those that don’t think it’s an important enough topic to take seriously aren’t able to see the big picture. Amir-Esmaeil Bozorgzadeh is the co-founder at Virtuleap, a sandbox for creative developers to showcase their VR concepts to the world, which is currently running the world’s biggest WebVR Hackathon. He is also the European Partner at Edoramedia, a games publisher and digital agency with its headquarters in Dubai. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
