Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Tech Reviews RDP Thin Book Review: Can a Rs 10000 laptop satisfy your daily... Tech Reviews RDP Thin Book Review: Can a Rs 10000 laptop satisfy your daily needs? By Sohil Nikam - The thin line of price that distinguishes laptops from tablets is fast blurring, and RDP Thin Book is a result of that. Priced at just Rs 10000, it is competing against the cheap Chromebooks from companies like Xolo which are sold at similar prices. But it has a few things that they don’t – it runs Windows 10 and grabs a big 14.1-inch display. In contrast, the cheap Chromebooks run the Internet-friendly Chrome OS and feature 11-inch displays. With RDP being a relatively fresh name, does the Thin Book really stand the test of everyday use or is it just a really cheap inferior laptop looking to grab your attention with its low price tag? Let’s find out! Specifications The thin and light RDP Thin Book’s display sports a resolution of 1366 x 768 pixels on its 14.1-inch estate. Inside it, you’ll find a 1.84GHz Intel Atom quad core X5-Z8300 processor coupled with 2GB of RAM, which is not expandable. And of course, with the Intel chipset, you get integrated Intel HD graphics. There’s also a 10000mAh battery inside it, which sounds promising. The storage is limited to just 32GB and there’s a microSD card slot offering 128GB of additional space. Which brings us to the ports on this laptop. On one side, you have a headphone or speaker jack, a microSD card slot and a USB 2 port. And on the other side, there’s a power input for the charger, a micro HDMI port and… a USB 3 port. Now that’s a pleasant surprise. Video Review Design The RDP Thin Book boasts of a thin and light profile, and this adds a lot to its overall appeal. Despite its big screen, it’s pretty easy to carry around thanks to its 1.5kg weight and 20mm thickness. The plastic material on its body is quite smooth to the touch on the top, where it’s also a bit wonky, but the bottom end has a much more grippy and sturdy surface. Due to its light weight, the Thin Book cannot be opened with one hand. Plus it wobbles a good deal each time it’s opened. The unit we received strangely had a plastic coating on the display which could not be removed because it was sealed. Due to this, we could never see the time or the date on the desktop, plus there was some irremovable lettering on the other side as well. We tried contacting RDP to confirm whether this will be present on all models or is it just a one-off issue, but we haven’t heard back from the company as yet. Moving on, you get a VGA webcam along with this laptop, apart from two microphones, which make for satisfactory video calling experiences. A great little perk is that the laptop offers a noticeably large trackpad. And the keyboard; although it has well cushioned keys, is not helped by the unstable surface. RDP’s Thin Book has dual speakers which oddly enough, deliver audio from the bottom rather than the top. A bit of an oddball is that the orientation of both the USB slots is downward rather than upward, but you shouldn’t take time to get used to this. To give you a lowdown, the design of the RDP Thin Book looks good to the eye, but the many compromises quickly become visible when you start using it. You’ll have to handle it with extreme care to make it last for a long time. Display & Sound Like we said before, the fact that a 14.1-inch display is available on a Rs 10000 laptop itself is a big deal. And the 1366 x 768 pixel resolution on this LCD panel is satisfactory to say the least. It can’t get as bright as you might want it to be in outdoor environments, but it’s great for indoor use. As for the viewing angles, they can best be called admirable. In terms of sharpness too, it’s not anywhere near great. Well, the speakers on RDP Thin Book are really, really bad. They sound incredibly muffled, and have a very low volume. Even at maximum volume, we were struggling to listen to the dialogues in movies. Connecting your headphones or external speakers to its audio jack is the only way you can satisfactorily watch videos or listen to music on it. Performance and Functionality Now you have to understand that being an extremely cheap laptop, the RDP Thin Book is not capable of handling heavy games or applications. It’s primarily built for those who just need a laptop for using the Internet and watching movies on the go. For these two tasks, it delivers quite a pleasing performance. Browsing with multiple tabs open was never an issue. We even tried running Minecraft on this machine, and were surprised by how quick it was to start. The game ran smoothly all throughout without any hiccups. Typing on the keyboard as well as using the trackpad wasn’t an issue, and the latter does support scrolling gestures. The RDP Thin Book comes preinstalled with a 32-bit Home version of Windows 10, which is something that helps it gain a big advantage over the cheap Chromebooks. You are getting all the basic functionalities of the OS including Cortana support. There’s even a DOS version of the laptop which can be bought at Rs 9000. Speaking of benchmarks, on SunSpider, it managed to grab a score of 939ms, while its BaseMark score reached 73.35. Now these benchmarks can by no means be called impressive, but the Thin Book is anyway not trying to impress you with its power. The copying speeds are decent, and the USB 3.0 port is great for those with compatible hard disks or flash drives. And now for the battery life. The 10000mAh battery of the Thin Book is claimed to offer 8.5 hours of usage by its makers. Our unit could never achieve that number, but we did manage to extract about 4.5 hours of heavy web browsing time from it with the screen brightness set to max. The bottom line is, this laptop’s low-grade internals are nothing to worry about if you require it for basic tasks like web browsing, streaming movies or using Microsoft Office. Pros – Good overall performance for a laptop so cheap. – Windows 10 comes pre-installed. – Large-sized display as compared to other similarly priced laptops. Cons – Poorly built body. – Bad speakers. – Unresponsive customer service. Verdict The main point of concern here is whether the RDP Thin Book should be preferred over the similarly priced Chromebooks or not? The answer will be a yes if you’re a Windows fan, but do take note that the body and the overall construction of this laptop is very poor and it’s not something that will last you long. And the customer service was unresponsive when we tried contacting it. But for being a cheap yet well performing Windows 10 notebook with a 14-inch display, we’re giving it 3 out of 5 stars. TAGS Cheap Laptops Hands On India Price RDP Laptops Review specs Windows laptops SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleMicromax Neo with 14-inch HD display out at Rs 17990 Next articleXiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Review: Great Phone at an Unbelievable Price! Sohil Nikam RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR DVDFab DVD Ripper Review [Giveaway] Get licensed WinX DVD Copy Pro for free : Sector-by-Sector back up any DVDs Lenovo Ideapad Miix 310 Review: The new affordable hybrid 245,833FansLike 13,676FollowersFollow 13,437SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More Meizu M5S gets spotted in the wild again Sohil Nikam - Jan 2, 2017 0 Samsung Smart View app to get Chromecast-like streaming ability Bindu Nair - Jan 2, 2017 0 Apple partner Wistron seeks India plant expansion for iPhone manufacture Bindu Nair - Jan 2, 2017 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
null
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,327 Reviews & Articles | 53,559 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: MSI GeForce 1050 GAMING X 2G Video Card (Give Feedback & Win!) TRENDING NOW: New Call of Duty Vietnam game teased by Sledgehammer Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets Zen and Kaby Lake will only support Windows 10 Microsoft continues its heavy-handed tactics to push PC enthusiasts towards Windows 10, locking Intel's Kaby Lake and AMD's Zen support to the OS By: Derek Strickland | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: Sep 2, 2016 7:11 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA The latest CPUs from Intel and AMD won't be supported on Windows 7 or Windows 8.     Much to the dismay of Windows 7 users everywhere, Microsoft is keeping its word: Intel's new 7th-generation Kaby Lake and AMD's Zen processors will only work with Windows 10 PCs.   Back in January Microsoft wrote up a controversial edict that tried to shorten Skylake's lifecycle on legacy Windows OS and lock newer CPU hardware--including Kaby Lake and Zen--exclusively to Windows 10. After tons of pressure from the PC crowd, Redmond relented on Skylake...but what about Kaby Lake and Zen? Both processors are on the horizon, and PC enthusiasts need to know if their OS will be compatible.   Microsoft has now confirmed to PC World that its decision concerning Kaby Lake and Zen is final: Windows 10 only.   "As new silicon generations are introduced, they will require the latest Windows platform at that time for support," a Microsoft spokeswoman told PC World, reiterating the initial proclamation. "This enables us to focus on deep integration between Windows and the silicon, while maintaining maximum reliability and compatibility with previous generations of platform and silicon."     For comparison, here's the original post:   "Going forward, as new silicon generations are introduced, they will require the latest Windows platform at that time for support. This enables us to focus on deep integration between Windows and the silicon, while maintaining maximum reliability and compatibility with previous generations of platform and silicon. For example, Windows 10 will be the only supported Windows platform on Intel's upcoming "Kaby Lake" silicon and AMD's upcoming "Bristol Ridge" silicon," reads the controversial post.   Intel has also confirmed that it will adhere to Microsoft's decree and has no plans to update Windows 7/8 drivers to support Kaby Lake:   "We are committed to working with Microsoft and our ecosystem partners to help ensure a smooth transition given these changes to Microsoft's Windows support policy," an Intel rep told PC World. "No, Intel will not be updating Win 7/8 drivers for 7th Gen Intel Core per Microsoft's support policy change."   But what happens if you ignored the warnings and tried to boot up Windows 7 or 8.1 with Kaby Lake or Zen?   No one knows for sure, but some guess that the experience would be decidedly unreliable and buggy. Others say that it might boot up, but a portion of apps would be unusable and the OS would crash.   But we know one thing for sure: Microsoft wants everyone using Windows 10, and they're willing to do anything to make that happen. NEWS SOURCES:Pcworld.com Recommended for You AMD's new Ryzen CPU could hit 5GHz, even when air-... AMD's Zen CPU is killing Intel on Google searches Intel to unveil Skylake-X, Kaby Lake-X at Gamescom... Intel's new Core i3 hits 4.2GHz, beats last-gen Core... >> NEXT STORY: Marvel: Avengers Alliance will disappear on September 30 << PREVIOUS STORY: PS4 Neo and Project Scorpio games are just 4K remasters Related Tags Zen Kaby Lake Summit Ridge AMD Intel Microsoft Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Dell's new XPS 13 is a surprise 2-in-1 foldable tablet Nintendo Switch and Wii U third party partners compared Liberty City is coming to GTA V thanks to new mod CNN demonstrates Russian hacking with Fallout 3 pic Prey developer promises PC version is 'really flawless'View More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Amped Wireless Apollo Pro Long Range HD Camera Review Lost mac adress after downgrading bios from f20 to f8 z170x g7 Marvell-based PCIe SSD card (AHCI) not detected on Z77X-U5DH Asus K53SD black screen How do I print wirelessly with my wireless router + multiple computers?View More Forum Posts Press Releases Das Keyboard to demo the world's first cloud-connected keyboard at CES 2017 Samsung unveils CH711 curved quantum-dot monitor SK Hynix to construct a cutting-edge NAND flash FAB in Cheongju MSI and Phanteks launch new front USB 3.1 Type-C solutions ViewSonic reveals the VP2771 27-inch monitor with SuperClear IPS panelView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Ireland Stands United with Apple in Appealing the EU's Tax Ruling as War of Words Escalate | Main | Apple's "Peek and Pop" is now a Registered Trademark » September 02, 2016 Future iMacs Supporting Intel's 7th Gen Core will usher in Immersive Internet Era       While Apple's MacBooks will be sporting new Kaby Lake Seventh-Gen Core processors from Intel this fall, the iMac remains questionable unless Apple substitutes the processor with a mobile version (which is highly unlikely). A note from Intel's Navin Shenoy, VP, GM Client Computing Group, clearly points to Seventh-Gen Core processors for desktops only coming to market in early 2017.   Shenoy wrote late last week that "We are incredibly excited about the strong partnership with our OEM customers and expect more than 100 different 2 in 1s and laptops powered by 7th Gen Intel Core to be available starting in September through this holiday season. We will share more on the rest of the 7th Gen Intel Core family for desktops and enterprise PCs early next year." Rumors point to the new desktop core processors will launch at CES, but only time will tell if that rings true.   Shenoy's general message about seventh-core processors was focused on pumping up the 'immersive internet' where access to 4K Ultra High-Definition, 360-degree video, and virtual reality will dramatically rise.   Shenoy added that "With new computers powered by 7th Gen Intel Core, TV and movie fans will have access to premium 4K UHD content streaming from studios like Sony Pictures Home Entertainment and providers like FandangoNOW. This is just the beginning as we see 4K UHD content go mainstream over time. We're excited about some additional content announcements in the next few months, so stay tuned."   Engadget noted in a recent report that "4K video is finally gaining a foothold in home theaters this year, but for most PCs it's practically kryptonite. Even if you're lucky enough to have a powerful computer, dealing with such high-resolution video is a surefire way to spike your CPU usage and gobble up battery life. So it's little surprise that Intel made 4K performance the centerpiece of its long-awaited seventh generation Core processors, which were officially announced today. You can also look forward to a slew of other speed-enhancing features when the new chips hit laptops in September.   So just how good are these new batch of Core processors? How about a CPU utilization rate of around 5 percent and power usage of 0.5 watts on the new Core i7-7500U while playing local 4K video. That's compared to 40 to 70 percent CPU usage and a 10.2 watt power draw on its predecessor, the i7-6500U. And when playing 4K VP9-encoded video on YouTube, the new seventh generation i7 clocks in at 10 to 20 percent CPU usage while drawing 0.8 watts of power. The previous chip, on the other hand, ate up 70 to 80 percent of the CPU while taking up 5.8 watts of power."   To make the immersive internet experience richer for Macs, Apple is reportedly enhancing their future systems with AMD cards based on the Polaris architecture which are  designed for fluid frame rates in graphics, gaming, VR and multimedia applications running on compelling small form-factor thin and light computer designs."     So if the immersive internet appeals to you because you want to watch, create and experience higher quality HD 4K & 360° videos and games without over burdening your system, then hold off until Apple delivers iMacs supporting Intel's 7th Gen Core. Will Intel supply Apple's 2016 iMacs with these new chips ahead of schedule in the hopes of gaining more business from Apple, or will we have to wait like everyone else? While the former is likely the reality of the matter, we can always hope for the latter. Just don't hold your breath.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.   Posted by Jack Purcher on September 02, 2016 at 01:07 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Note7 Probe Results due this Month While Samsung Admits that Growth will lag in 2017 Due to Tough Competition Apple's Chief Israeli Officer Appointed to Run the Israeli Government's 'Innovation Authority' Apple Partnered with Photographers to Capture New Year's Celebrations from around the World on iPhone 7 Apple's Normal Order Management after Christmas seems to have Falsely Alarmed Seasoned News Sites Foxconn Reaching Full Robotic Production Automation for All-in-One PC's and Advancing to other Products every Year Production of Apple's AirPods goes into High Gear in Multiple Shanghai Plants to Meet Consumer Demand Family Sues Apple for not using a patented iOS Feature Designed to shut Off Certain Apps while Driving In Apple's Wearable Device Universe you'll one day wear a Mini iPhone, iPod or Medical Device on your Wrist Apple Advances the Concept of the Apple Watch's Digital Crown Coming to all iDevices eventually Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Tech Intel Intel’s new naming trick makes fast and slow processors look the same Core m and Core i are becoming one by Jacob Kastrenakes Sep 2, 2016, 2:30pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Intel Intel is making some weird naming changes to its processors this year that are certain to confuse people about what they’re buying. As spotted by Laptop Mag, the Core m name is largely going away in favor of Core i, which means it’s going to be much harder to tell exactly how powerful the processor is inside of a new laptop. At least in the short term, that’s a problem because there’s a real difference between the two lines. Core i processors are what you find in most laptops, like the Surface Pro and MacBook Air, and are powerful enough that you don’t have to worry about them handling a modest workload. Core m processors, on the other hand, are what you find in super-thin fanless laptops; they’re less capable and sometimes choke up even from browsing the web. So it’s important to know what you’re getting, because a laptop is going to work differently depending on what’s inside of it. But starting with this year’s Kaby Lake processors from Intel, it’ll be much harder to tell. Processors that formerly would have been known as m5 and m7 models are now going to be listed under the i5 and i7 lines. Without a close look at their model number, it won’t be clear whether you’re getting a powerful MacBook Pro-style processor or a weaker MacBook-style processor. Intel thinks this makes things less confusing The decision seems likely to confuse people into believing they’re getting a more capable processor than they actually are. But Intel argues that’s not quite right. It says the name change comes in response to feedback from consumers and manufacturers and is “really an effort to make things less complex.” “We have also made significant performance improvements” to the Core m line “such that both form factor and performance lines were blurring,” Intel’s Scott Massey writes in an email to The Verge. “So yes, there are differences (as there are with all the different SKUs), but they aren’t as big as it was when we first introduced Core m two years ago.” Massey compares the difference to the distinction between dual- and quad-core chips, both of which have lived under the Core i name for years, despite the distinction between them. The difference between m- and i-style chips isn’t always that large either, he adds, as m chips range up to 7W in power, while i chips go as low as 7.5W. “So the handoff from one level to another is very close and not a big leap as some might have perceived a few years ago,” he writes. To his point, we’ve seen real improvements in Core m chips year over year: take our 2015 MacBook review, where we found the laptop struggling to manage 10 Chrome tabs, then compare it to our 2016 MacBook review, where we were “actually surprised at how fast it felt.” The renamed Core m-style processors It’s easy to understand why Intel would want to consolidate under the Core i name. Core i is well known and widely advertised, which means this change is going to be good news for computers with m-style chips in the short term: they’ll come off looking better — or, at a minimum, different — than they actually are. It’ll also be easier for Intel and its partners in the long term. Core m-style chips will likely become the norm for laptops over the next few years, as their performance improves and demand for super-thin laptops continues to grow. By renaming the chips, Intel and PC manufacturers can keep on promoting the Core i brand, rather than putting the work into convincing consumers that the Core m name is just as trustworthy. But what’s good for manufacturers is not necessarily good for consumers. And it seems fair to say that’ll be the case here. More often than not, laptops are advertised without stating their processor’s full model name. You can usually — but not always — dig the full model name up by looking through spec sheets, but that’s a frustrating step that most people aren’t going to take. That means people are going to be buying Core i processors that don’t come with the performance generally expected of them. Look for “Y” to tell the difference between m and i There’ll still be a way to tell the difference between m-style and i-style chips, if you can find a processor’s model number. Core m-style chips include a “Y” in their model number, like this: i5-7Y54. Chips that traditionally would have been in the Core i line will continue to end their name with U, like this: i5-7200U. It’s possible the distinction between m-style and i-style chips won’t matter as much in a few years. Core m-style chips could get more capable, or laptops that include power-heavy Core i-style chips could fall out of fashion. But that doesn’t really matter right now. Right now there’s a big distinction between the two lines, and if you’re buying a new laptop, you’ll want to check for that Y to know what you’re really getting. Next Up In Circuit Breaker Samsung's new four-in-one washer / dryer takes laundry to the extreme Asus ZenFone AR revealed, the second Google Tango phone Samsung updates its midrange Galaxy A series with water and dust resistance, improved camera Dell has turned one of the best Windows laptops into a 2-in-1 hybrid TrackR announces new trackers for finding your misplaced stuff CES 2017: What to expect at the biggest tech trade show of the year Now Trending CES 2017: What to expect at the biggest tech trade show of the year Olympus E-M1 Mark II review: the camera that warps time Dell has turned one of the best Windows laptops into a 2-in-1 hybrid The Kissenger simulates kissing your long-distance lover Donald Trump says 'no computer is safe' This Article has a component height of 22. The sidebar size is long. The Latest CES 2017 News Circuit Breaker Tech Samsung's new four-in-one washer / dryer takes laundry to the extreme by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg I hate doing laundry more than any other chore in my life. Between dragging a laundry bag around the corner to the laundromat, lugging detergent, counting out the right amount of corners, and waiting for loads to finish, every load represents tons... New, 1 comment TL;DR Web Culture My winter happy place is Sarah Jessica Parker’s weird, gross Instagram by Kaitlyn Tiffany Sarah Jessica Parker — America’s sweetheart, New York City’s mascot, relatable queen of cold-hearted romantic comedies, human vessel of Sex and the City’s omniscient tulle-loving narrator, mother of three, and guiding light to all — is an... New, 1 comment MIT study says 3,000 ride-sharing cars could replace every cab in New York City by Jordan Golson@jlgolson All 13,000 taxis in New York City could be replaced by a fleet of 3,000 ride-sharing cars if used exclusively for carpooling, according to research published today by MIT’s Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL). Instead... New, 9 comments Entertainment TV Culture Welcome to The Bachelor fantasy league: the only sport that matters by Kaitlyn Tiffany Love is a spectator sport where the players are also spectating. We gather friends around the Apple TV while we swipe through potential lovers on Tinder. We consider everyone we swap spit with fair game for public dissection, so long as they do... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker CES 2017 News Google Asus ZenFone AR revealed, the second Google Tango phone by Vlad Savov@vladsavov Every company tries to be the first with the biggest CES announcement, but Asus has been preempted today by hardware partner Qualcomm, which has revealed the upcoming ZenFone AR smartphone with Google Tango support. At the same, prolific leaker... New, 2 comments Microsoft Tech Windows 10 Creators Update expected to arrive in April by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is tentatively planning to release its next major Windows 10 update in April. MSPoweruser reports that the software giant is planning to finalize the feature set of the Creators Update by the end of the month, before starting to crush... New, 7 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share

Dienstag, 03.01.2017 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Top 12 Vendors in the Stick PC Market from 2016 to 2020: Technavio 02.09.2016 | 19:43 (5 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Top 12 Vendors in the Stick PC Market from 2016 to 2020: Technavio Technavio has announced the top 12 leading vendors in their recentglobal stick PC marketreport until 2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the shipments of stick PCs. Competitive vendor landscape According to the report, the global stick PC market has only a few vendors, but Technavio analysts expect the entry of more vendors in the market in the coming years. Intel, ASUSTeK Computer, and Lenovo will be well established in the market due to their strong foothold and brand in the global PC market. "Competition in the market is low as the market is still in the initial stages of development. Intel has paved the way for new product lines, which are considered to be the replacement for portable PCs. This has attracted many vendors to the market. The majority of the vendors in the market use Intel processors in their products. This has strengthened the foothold of Intel core x86-based processor," says Sunil Kumar Singh, a lead computing devices research analyst from Technavio. The competition among the vendors is based on the availability of the products, features, and processing speed. The brand name will play an important role in the adoption of stick PCs, including the brand of the core processor installed in stick PCs. The report also states that emerging stick PC brands are opting for Intel processors, but established brands such as Google are introducing stick PCs with Rockchip processors. These variations are meant to promote their products and strengthen their foothold in the market. The increase in the volume of stick PCs will help the vendors lower their cost of production and also integrate technologically advanced components such as high density NAND, LPDDR4 RAM, and SoC to enhance value proposition. Request sample report: http://goo.gl/JoJ1vd Top 12 stick PC market vendors ARCHOS In 2016, ARCHOS has planned to establish itself as the major European network provider for connected objects through its subsidiary PicoWAN. PicoWAN is a global network operator. ARCHOS PC Stick is its only product that falls into the stick PC category. Its popularity in Europe can help it achieve significant market share in the European countries. ASUSTeK Computer ASUSTeK Computer is one of the top vendors in the PC market. It owns 7.9% market share of the global PC shipments. In the stick PC market, it owns three types of products, two of which have Intel processors and one uses the Rockchip processor. Chromebit is its only product that uses the Rockchip processor and is the reason behind the low cost of this stick PC. Azulle Azulle is a start-up that provides only one stick PC product with a 2GB RAM and 32GB internal memory. It is the only vendor that provides LAN to the stick PC, which gives it an edge in the market. Chenzi The company's product portfolio includes Android-based tablets, stick PCs, 3D converter boxes, digital converter boxes, enclosures, netbooks, karaoke players, portable TVs, and LED TVs. It offers only one stick PC, i.e., iView Cyber PC with Intel processor and a 2GB RAM and 32GB internal memory. Hannspree Hannspree has only one product in its stick PC portfolio Hanspree Micro PC desktop. It has a 2GB RAM and 32GB internal memory. The company has a good reputation in the tablet PC market, which it can use to its advantage. iBall In 2015, iBall launched its first stick iBall Splendo in collaboration with Intel and Microsoft. As iBall is based in India, it can gain an edge in the global stick PC market if it is marketed properly in its home country. Due to the low price of stick PCs, they have a significant potential in the Indian market. Intel At CES 2016, the company introduced a new model of Intel Compute Stick with an upgraded processor, from Atom to Cherry Trail, to improve the graphics performance of the stick PC. Even the price was increased to USD 159. Lenovo Lenovo offers products such as PCs, tablet computers, smartphones, workstations, servers, electronic storage devices, IT management software, and smart televisions. MagicStick MagicStick is a start-up and has two models of stick PCs: MagicStick Wave and MagicStick One. It is the only vendor in the market that provides an 8GB RAM. The company can use this specification to market its products to gamers and gain an edge in the overall market. Meegopad Meegopad's portfolio includes Intel Stick PC, Intel Mini PC projectors, and Android TV sticks. The company has five stick PCs in the market, four of which have an internal memory of 32GB and one has an internal memory of 64GB. Meegopad A02, which provides Remix OS 2.0, is the only product that has an expandable memory of up to 128GB, and it uses Allwinner processor. MODECOM MODECOM is one of the top vendors in PC cases market. In 2001, the company started its own production facilities in China to increase its production capacity. In 2003, it started the production of 2.1 and 5.1 speaker systems, which had great success during their launch due to their unique design. Panache Panache has only one type of stick PC, i.e., Panache Air PC. It has a 2GB RAM and 32GB internal memory. It provides Windows 10 OS and has an expandable memory of up to 128GB. Browse Related Reports: Global Digital Learning Devices Market 2016-2020 Global Digital Educational Publishing Market 2016-2020 Global Smart Wearable Entertainment Devices and Services Market 2016-2020 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can't find what you're looking for? Don't worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160902005025/en/ Contacts: Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Broadband Cable Equipment FTTH ISP Satellite Telco Test & Monitor Broadcast Advertising Ads Targetted Digital Radio DSO DTH/Satellite DTT/DSO FTA Pay TV Services VOD Catch Up Premium Business Funding IPO Joint Venture M&A People Regulation Policy Spectrum Standards Results Content app CA/DRM CDNs Games Piracy Production Rights UGC VR Work flow In Home Home Network PVR STB Mobile APPS Companion devices MNO Mobile TV Portable Media OTT Connected TV HbbTV IPTV Middleware IPG Search/Recommendation OTT UGC Research Consumer Behaviour Equipment Markets Social Media UHD Equipment Production Ultra-HD/4K White Papers Sony, Intel bring 4K movies to PCs August 31, 2016 Sony Pictures Home Entertainment (SPHE) and Intel Corporation have confirmed that ULTRA, SPHE’s 4K movie streaming service, will debut on computers powered by 7th Gen Intel Core processors beginning Q1 in 2017. Coinciding with the expanded availability of the service, ULTRA will add new features such as 48 hour rentals and free 10 minute previews, allowing customers to experience a sample of any film on the service in full 4K resolution before buying. With its new 7th Gen Intel Core processor, Intel is bringing 4K content to mainstream PC users. According to the pair, this latest processor sets a higher bar for richer experiences and incredible performance and responsiveness, with long battery life and true 4K entertainment. More than 100 new devices powered by 7th Gen Intel Core will be available this holiday season, and some will be available as early as September. By leveraging new hardware security technologies in its processor, computers powered by 7th Gen Intel Core will be the first PCs to provide secure access to premium 4K movies and television content through Sony Pictures Home Entertainment’s ULTRA 4K service. “More and more people are turning to their PC as their main movie viewing device. At the same time, studios like Sony Pictures Home Entertainment are leading the way in producing beautiful 4K content,” said Navin Shenoy, general manager of Intel’s Client Computing Group. “The combination of the amazing technology in our 7th Gen Intel Core processors combined with the fantastic 4K titles on ULTRA means that anyone with these new computers will be immersed in a 4K viewing world.” “Audiences have shown a strong and growing appetite for premium 4K content, and ULTRA takes advantage of the latest industry innovations – high dynamic range, digital movie extras, and now the 7th Gen Intel Core with Intel hardware security technologies – so viewers get the most out of their movie collections,” said Pete Wood, SPHE’s Senior Vice President, Digital Distribution. ULTRA offers a variety of movies for purchase and streaming in 4K, many with Digital Extras, taking full advantage of the latest display technologies and interactive capabilities. “By enhancing our ULTRA streaming service with the addition of rental and free preview options, and teaming with Intel to provide users greater access to their collections, Sony Pictures Home Entertainment is making ULTRA an even more flexible, user-friendly destination for consumers who demand a premium 4K viewing experience,” added Richard Berger, SPHE’s Senior Vice President, Worldwide Digital Strategy and Advanced Platforms. ULTRA initially launched in early 2016 on Sony 4K Televisions. Films available on the service for purchase, rental, and streaming on ULTRA include new releases as well as a library of classic films. New releases are priced at $29.99 to own in 4K with HDR, and will be $7.99 for 48 hour rental. Library titles are priced at $25.99 to own. Related posts: CinemaNow, Intel bring HD movies to PCs Sony ‘ULTRA’ 4K launching April 4 Sony, CSG launch ULTRA app Major 4K cross-promotion from Sony eyeIO UltraHD movies for Sony TVs You must be logged in to post a comment Login LATEST NEWS LG unveils ‘breakthrough’ Super UHD TVs Analyst: Global advertising revenue to hit $532bn MStar, SoftAtHome 4K STB solutions Liberty Global, Vodafone complete Dutch JV Record US Q3 Internet ad revenues Analyst: Nearly half OTT subs multiple subscribers South Korea deregulates pay-TV Hulu secures Disney library deal Metrological Streamlines Premium OTT Apps for TV Operators Samsung to Launch Personalised Smart TV Services at CES 2017 Search Archive Select a Month Click to Select January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 0 Select a Category Click to Select Articles Broadband    Cable    Equipment    FTTH    ISP    Satellite    Telco    Test & Monitor Broadcast    Advertising       Ads       Targetted    Digital Radio    DSO    DTH/Satellite    DTT/DSO    FTA    Pay TV    Services    VOD       Catch Up       Premium Business    Funding    IPO    Joint Venture    M&A    People    Regulation       Policy       Spectrum       Standards    Results Content    app    CA/DRM    CDNs    Games    Piracy    Production    Rights    UGC    VR    Work flow Events Guest Blog    Inside Satellite    Off Message    Third Party Headline In Home    Home Network    PVR    STB Magazines    EuroMedia    IPTV Mobile    APPS    Companion devices    MNO    Mobile TV    Portable Media OTT    Connected TV    HbbTV    IPTV    Middleware       IPG       Search/Recommendation    OTT    UGC Photo Press Releases Research    Consumer Behaviour    Equipment    Markets Research Library    Research TV Channel Social Media UHD    Equipment    Production    Ultra-HD/4K Video White Papers Search by Keyword Broadband Broadcast Business Content In Home Mobile OTT Research Social Media UHD White Papers Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Copyright Advanced Television Ltd © 2001–2017 Maintained by Elrond Limited Advanced Television Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Acer Predator G1 review Acer’s Predator G1 looks like a gaming powerhouse, but feels like a compromise Share The Predator G1 is a decent machine, but savvy gamers will want more. The Predator G1 is a decent machine, but savvy gamers will want more. The Predator G1 is a decent machine, but savvy gamers will want more. Highs Sharp, sturdy design Solid 4K gaming performance Quiet under load Lows Can be difficult to replace components No overclocking Doesn’t perform as well as expected Too much bloatware DT Editors' Rating 5.0 Scores Explained Home > Product Reviews > Desktop Reviews > Acer Predator G1 review By Brad Bourque Posted on 09.02.16 (updated on 09.12.16) Research Center: Acer Predator G1 As graphics cards become more power efficient, and previously large components like drives take up less space than ever, the demand for compact gaming PCs is growing. It sounds nice, doesn’t it? An Xbox-sized PC, whirring away next to your 4K TV or monitor, without taking up the right half of your desk. Many companies are trying to pack a high-end GPU and a nice CPU into an Xbox-sized chassis. Acer’s attempt is only 4 inches wide and 13 inches tall. It boasts a Core i7-6700, 32GB of RAM, and Nvidia’s GTX 1080, with Predator branding leaking from the seams. Acer isn’t the only one with a small chassis, however. The Predator G1 has serious competition in the form of systems like the beautiful and powerful Falcon Northwest Tiki, and the newly redesigned Orign Chronos. These are powerful rigs from tried and true gaming manufacturers, and they’ve never failed to win us over. Will the Predator G1 find itself in good company, or does it have some catching up to do? Looks like a gaming PC The smallest Predator desktop takes it design language from the larger computers in the line, with a futuristic tank tread appearance. It’s adorned with red highlights for the high contrast look gaming companies are into nowadays. Not that there’s anything wrong with that — the G1’s execution is clean, sturdy, and attractive. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends It’s small, too. At just 14 inches tall and 5 inches wide, the G1 is about 2 inches larger in each direction than an Xbox One, and much smaller than mid-tower gaming PCs. It’s deeper than the Tiki and Origin, and one third of an inch wider. All three systems are quite heavy, but the Acer’s odd power adapter, which is just two mobile power supplies clicked into a frame, helps cut some weight. Related: Falcon Northwest Tiki (2015) review All three systems are sturdy, attractive, and stable, so the real question comes down to one of preference. The Predator G1 wears its gaming intent on its sleeve, while the Origin Chronos is a more subdued take on the look, with a few red highlights here and there. The Falcon Northwest Tiki, meanwhile, is downright elegant – something the Acer can’t claim. A custom I/O shield that disappoints The G1 is obviously a gaming system, with colorful LEDs up front and a tank-tread, wrap-around look. Around the back of the case, users will find four USB 3.0 ports, six-port audio, and Ethernet. In addition, the graphics card provides a set of video outputs, in this case, three DisplayPort, one HDMI, and one DVI-D. The front features 3.5mm audio in and out plugs, USB 3.0, USB Type-C, and an SDXC slot. That’s an acceptable variety of ports, given the G1’s slight size, but it’s less satisfying in the context of competing systems. Both the Chronos and Tiki boast full access to a Z170 or X99 motherboard’s suite of ports, which includes more USB 3.0 ports, dedicated 2.0 ports for keyboard and mouse, internal display options, and in some cases PS/2 and optical audio ports. Type-C is a nice feature, but it’s starting to become a common sight. Room inside, but not to grow Inside, the Predator G1 is surprisingly spacious. The ITX motherboard is small enough to leave some room for ventilation, which is mostly handled by a blower fan near the top of the case in the back. The CPU cooler looks a little smaller than even a stock Intel cooler, though we can’t help but wonder why Acer didn’t opt for closed-loop CPU cooling in such a small rig, as both the Tiki and Chronos do. Related: Origin Chronos (2016) review Upgrading some of the parts is less appealing than others. The GPU is tucked away behind a shroud that’s screwed onto the frame. Removing it requires taking off the hard drive, unscrewing the panel, dealing with the riser, and detaching it from the shroud. Some upgrades also require removing the rear I/O panel, which means removing both side panels instead of just one. Acer Predator G1 Compared To Cybertron CLX Ra Lenovo Ideacentre Y900 Origin Millennium (2016) Falcon Northwest Mach V (2016) Digital Storm Aventum 3 AVADirect Avant gaming desktop Acer Predator G6 Alienware X51 R3 AVADirect Z170 Falcon Northwest Tiki (2015) AVADirect X99 Gaming System Digital Storm Velox CyberTronPC Thallium Falcon Northwest Talon (2015) Gateway FX6800-01e Anyone who tinkers with the system will also have to be mindful of its power limitations. The power supply, which is just two 230-watt mobile power supplies in a cradle, doesn’t leave much headroom compared to the typical high-end build. Most competitors offer larger power supply options. No overclocking allowed The Intel Core i7-6700 in the Predator G1 is an odd choice. We’re much more used to seeing the unlocked Core i7-6700K instead – the $50 price bump is typically well worth the unlocked multiplier. The catch here is that the Acer is using a motherboard running on Intel’s H110 specification, which shaves some dollars off the price tag for a reduced feature set. It doesn’t support overclocking as a result. So, does this more conventional Core i7 hold up? The Chronos and Tiki shoot past the G1 in multi-core tests, thanks to their many-cored processors and unlocked multipliers. 7-Zip’s built-in benchmarking tool puts most of the systems on a more level playing field, although once again the Chronos claims almost double the other systems’ score. It’s a far cry from the higher-end systems, taking almost twice as long as the Chronos to convert a 4K video in Handbrake. The CPU is fast, but leaves us wanting more, with no way to get it. Drive slow, homie Our review unit, the only available configuration at publishing time, packs in both a 512GB SSD and a 2TB mechanical drive. Unfortunately, the SSD in the Predator is only an eSATA drive, and it doesn’t quite reach the performance of PCIe-supporting M.2 drives that are perfect for these smaller-than-average systems. Both the Chronos and Tiki offer a choice between eSATA and PCIe drives. Gaming in a lab The graphical power in the Predator comes from Nvidia’s latest and greatest, the GeForce GTX 1080 with 8GB of graphical memory. We’ve reviewed systems with two of them in SLI, but this is our first with the single card. This may be our first system with a single GTX 1080 inside, but even we can tell something isn’t quite right. Its score floats right around or under 16,000 in Fire Strike, which is almost identical to the GTX 980 Ti. Other reviews of the GTX 1080 put its performance over 20,000 at the low end, a big enough gap that the Acer Predator’s locked CPU likely isn’t the culprit, so what is? There are a few possibilities. The first is the G1’s awkward power situation. One of the two 230W power supplies is for the GPU, while the other handles the rest of the system. How this happens isn’t exactly transparent, however, and the GTX 1080 demands 180W of dedicated power in a 500W suggest system power. Whether the single brick is enough to power the card is tough to say. The CPU is fast, but leaves us wanting more. The other possible issue is the H170 motherboard. Skylake chips support 16 PCIe 3.0 lanes, but some of those lanes could be used for other devices than the GPU, like USB 3.0 expansions or wireless networking. The H170 chipset supports an additional 16 PCIe 3.0 lanes. A GTX 1080 should be able to run without saturating the PCIe bandwidth, but it’s tough to tell with any certainty how those lanes are assigned. If the card has to share lanes with other devices, it may not be able to transfer that data fast enough. Whatever the cause may be, the card isn’t running to its full capacity. We requested, and were sent, a second test unit to see if we could clear up the problem. Unfortunately, it remained. Gaming on the road The Predator G1 underperforms in synthetic tests, but the real question is how it holds up in some real-world gaming tests. Despite our misgivings about the Predator’s 3DMark scores, it holds its own in gaming, even at 4K resolution. In Fallout 4, with the settings cranked up, the system sits at an average 63 frames per second, just over the ideal 60 FPS score. Related: Ditch your console and frag the right way with our favorite gaming PCs The G1 hit the engine’s framerate cap at 1080p in both Battlefield 4 and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, even with the settings cranked up. Clearly if that’s your resolution, this system is overkill, and only those with 1440p or 4K panels will be able to take full advantage – not uncommon for the price point. Of course, a large reason for these wins is that the Tiki and Chronos as we reviewed them had the GTX 980 Ti, as the GTX 1080 wasn’t available yet. They include options for the 10 series cards now, and that will easily put them on par with the G1. Power/noise/heat We’ve gotta hand it to the Predator. It manages to keep the volume down despite its small size. Systems with open grates, especially compact ones, can be quite noisy, but even under load the Predator G1 doesn’t break 41 decibels. That’s much quieter than the Chronos, which reaches 52.9 decibels with Furmark running. The system also stays cool all over, largely thanks to the GTX 1080’s Founders Edition blower design, which blows the hot air out the back – the only part of the system that’s hot on the exterior. Software Despite the premium price tag and gaming credentials, Acer packs the Predator G1 with all sorts of software you might not want. That includes CyberLink PowerDVD, Mozilla Firefox, and a slew of Acer’s first-party software. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends This includes the Predator Sense tracking suite, Acer’s proprietary software for monitoring system vitals and temperature. Unfortunately, it’s not well equipped, with just a view for the CPU’s current clock speed, and an option to leave the fans on auto or change them over to a set speed. Fans of more capable alternatives, like MSI Afterburner, will find the Acer solution woefully inadequate. Warranty Acer includes a two-year warranty with the Predator G1, which is a bit longer than we’re used to seeing on consumer systems. Unfortunately, it can’t quite match the comprehensive service plans that Origin and Falcon NW offer. For one, Acer requires you to pay all shipping to them for the duration of the warranty, while Falcon offers free overnight shipping for the first year, and Origin for the first 45 days — although Origin charges a bit more to extend the privilege. Acer also charges for phone support after the initial two-year warranty, where Origin and Falcon both offer 24/7 technical support for the product’s lifetime. Conclusion The Predator G1’s looks like a serious gaming powerhouse. But dig deeper, and it starts to feel like the G1 is built merely to be “good enough.” The Core i7-6700 is a strong chip, but it doesn’t hold a candle to the unlocked version found almost everywhere else. Whether due to power or thermal limitations, the GTX 1080 drags more than we expected. And for the moment, there’s only one configuration available, for $2,300. The DT Accessory Pack Das Keyboard 4 Ultimate Clicky MX Blue mechanical keyboard $166 Logitech MX Master wireless mouse $70 Steam Controller $42 That price puts the G1 well within range of the Tiki and Chronos. A similarly equipped Origin Chronos with an Intel Core i7-6700 will run you $2,510, with $111 bringing you up to the overclocked Core i7-6700K. The Tiki is admittedly more expensive at $2,972 for the i7-6700K version, but there are numerous advantages to both systems that the Predator can’t answer, including connectivity and upgradability. The Predator’s strong point, performance, is easily attributed to the newer graphical hardware, which its competitors didn’t have when we reviewed them. When you’re spending more than $2,000 on a system, you should be demanding quality at every turn. Yes, the G1 is a capable machine at 4K, and overkill at 1080p. But why settle? Acer’s small form-factor gaming rig compromises on key components without cutting costs, and focuses on form over function. Share
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Windows IT Pro Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS IT/Dev Connections Forums Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Windows Windows 10 Windows Server 2012 Windows Server 2008 Windows Server 2003 Windows 8 Windows 7 Windows Vista Windows XP Exchange Server Exchange Server 2013 Exchange Server 2010 Exchange Server 2007 Exchange Server 2003 Outlook Unified Communications/Lync SharePoint Virtualization Cloud Systems Management System Center PowerShell & Scripting Active Directory & Group Policy Mobile Networking Storage Training Online Training IT/Dev Connections Webcasts VIP Library Digital Magazine Archives InfoCenters IT Innovators Mobile Computing Business Now Desktop VDI All About Converged Architecture Advertisement Home > WinInfo > Short Takes: January 16, 2015 Short Takes: January 16, 2015 An often irreverent look at this week's other news Jan 16, 2015 Paul Thurrott EMAIL Tweet Comments 7 Advertisement An often irreverent look at this week's other news, including the end of a good run, Google halts sales of Google Glass, Xiaomi launches yet another look-alike product, Intel posts strong PC numbers, high-tech firms settle poaching antitrust lawsuit, and Microsoft does the right thing (again) for the Xbox One. Elvis has left the building Just a quick note: I'm leaving Penton today, and this will be my last Short Takes. You can check out my Goodbye post on the SuperSite for Windows for more information, and please continue following me at thurrott.com, which goes live tomorrow, Saturday, January 17, 2015. The good news? The SuperSite for Windows will continue—as will Short Takes—under the aegis of the incomparable Rod Trent, arguably the hardest-working guy in technology reporting. Thanks to Penton for a terrific 15-year run. –Paul Google to halt sale of Google Glasses to consumers In what I can only describe as a wonderful "I told you so" moment, Google announced this week that it would stop selling Google Glasses to consumers this month, ending a years-long debacle. With this single most personally invasive device ever, Google was able to provide Google Glasses users with a truly unique experience: a 50 percent chance of being punched in the face every single time they walked into a bar. Priceless. "Microsoft fumes, Google discloses another Windows security flaw" Well, at least they didn't wait until right before Patch Tuesday. Oh. Right. If it quacks like a duck and looks like a duck... It must be the new Xiaomi Mi Note phablet. Which looks exactly like an Apple product—I think they prefer the term "inspired by" rather than "stolen from"—and has the same name as a similar Samsung product. You gotta give Xiaomi credit: They've really raised the bar on the notion of "cheap Chinese knockoff." "Google expects public in driverless cars in 2 to 5 years" I can't wait to race past these lookie-loos on the highway. Intel results confirm PC rebound in 2014, but firm warns on 2015 Intel delivered what can only be called a "good news/bad news" earnings report for Q4 2014 and CY 2014 this week, posting $11.7 billion in profits on $56 billion in revenues for the full year. The good news: Intel's PC business grew 4 percent in 2013, to $34.7 billion in revenues. The bad news? Only $4.2 billion of those revenues were in mobile devices, and that group posted revenues of "negative $6 million" in Q4, "consistent with expectations." Intel's inability to crack the mobile nut is well-established, but I find the firm's 2015 guidance to be even more troubling: Revenue growth in 2015 will still be stuck in "the mid-single digits." "Apple Says 1 Million Users Now Sign Up for iBooks Every Week" Every time this happens, a unicorn dies. Apple, Google, Intel and Adobe settle US poaching antitrust lawsuit I'm not sure why this wasn't a bigger story, but the federal government sued several high tech firms in 2011, alleging that they violated antitrust laws by conspiring to not hire each other's employees. This conspiracy—you won't be surprised to learn it was masterminded by the ever-innovative Steve Jobs—involved a number of companies, some of whom settled early on, though Apple, Google, Intel and Adobe originally declined to do so. Well, now they have to the tune of $415 million, or what Apple would describe as "a few pennies on the ground that are not worth the time to stop and pick up." So, way to go, federal government. You showed them! "Apple's Swift rockets up programming language rankings, jumps 46 spots" To position 22, behind such popular languages as Groovy, Clojure and Go. Meaning that absolutely no one uses it. Microsoft does the right thing, brings back the $350 Xbox One Were one to write a book called "Stupid Microsoft Decisions," there would be no lack of content, and indeed I could envision a multi-book series here. But among the most recent was the software giant's decision to lower the price of the base Xbox One to $350 during the holiday season—resulting in the console finally outselling the PS4 in the United States in both November and December—and then jack up the price again to $400 in January. I railed against this wrong-headed move in Microsoft's Next Big Mistake: Increasing the Price of the Xbox One, but less than two weeks later, they've come around the obvious: As of today, the base Xbox One is again priced at $350. But this is Microsoft, folks. This pricing is promotional and thus could end at any time. Cue sad trombone.wav. What I'll miss most about Penton Mostly, I'll miss the meetings. The seemingly bottomless expense account (which I never abused). The impossible-to-update web site CMS. And the email system, which I am still convinced was actively seeking out junk mail and depositing it in my inbox. But seriously, folks, what I'll miss most about Penton is the people: Rod, Marcia, Steve and the many coworkers and friends who preceded them. And you guys, of course. Thanks for letting me into your lives. –Paul  Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 7 RyanGroom on Jan 16, 2015 I am still giggling to this comment: "Google expects public in driverless cars in 2 to 5 years" I can't wait to race past these lookie-loos on the highway. Good luck on your next adventure. Log In or Register to post comments mbedan on Jan 16, 2015 But since we are all going to be in driverless cars, the car will efficiently zoom us by the lookie-loo incidents... so it better be a quick lookie. Paul, thanks for all your hard work and your ability to both reveal the good things about Windows and other things Microsoft but not getting carried away like a fan boy. While many tech journalist and bloggers (I know you hate them) are immediately dismissive or hypercritical of Microsoft, you have wrote about what actually is happening. At this same time you have been very harsh - rightly so - regarding Microsoft's attempts. Good luck and see you on the other side. Log In or Register to post comments mtalinm on Jan 16, 2015 the applegoogleinteladobe poaching case was not a US government suit but rather a class-action by a SF law firm. the DOJ had stopped the alleged conspiracy years earlier, but there were no damages. so this law firm brought a class action suit. there has been a lot of coverage of the lawsuit. i think this latest episode got less coverage because it was the second settlement following the judge's rejection of the first settlement. a cynic might say that it was downplayed in the media because tech journalists love apple and google and/or are afraid to offend them. we can discuss more privately if you are interested. Log In or Register to post comments Advertisement ymcpa73 on Jan 16, 2015 No damages? Every employee who applied for an open position within any of the conspiring companies would have been damaged. Each employee potentially lost thousands of dollars from the pay increases they would have received. Plus each company would have given smaller pay increases and bonuses if they had no fear that employees would leave. Log In or Register to post comments br208 on Jan 16, 2015 No damages referred to the remedy at law in the federal case. Hence the class action to asses the actual damages theoretically suffered by the class. Log In or Register to post comments rth314 on Jan 16, 2015 Possibly Microsoft prefers temporary discounts so the headline "Xbox One Now On Sale" remains constantly in the news. And the "these prices won't last!" sales trick. Log In or Register to post comments hellcatm on Jan 16, 2015 "It must be the new Xiaomi Mi Note phablet. Which looks exactly like an Apple product—I think they prefer the term "inspired by" rather than "stolen from"—and has the same name as a similar Samsung product. You gotta give Xiaomi credit: They've really raised the bar on the notion of "cheap Chinese knockoff."" Well if they ever start to make it big in the US apple will sue them and probably win. The thing unlike the Samsung products these phone do look like iphones so the suit will have validity. Good luck Xiaomi, you're flames will be bright. Its good to see the PC market getting stronger but to bad Intel can't hit it off in the mobile market. Maybe they should do an ARM processor. They've tried and tried to make x86 work but it just won't, power consumption is their achilles heel. Maybe when they get down to 14nm or maybe 7nm with ARM that might work but only time will tell. Also ARM has its roots in the mobile market, are handset and tablet developers going to want to switch? Can Intel make the price right? So many questions that can't be answered. Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles WinInfo Daily Update, January 5, 2007: WinInfo Short Takes WinInfo Daily Update, January 19, 2007: WinInfo Short Takes WinInfo Daily Update, January 5, 2007: WinInfo Short Takes WinInfo Daily Update, January 19, 2007: WinInfo Short Takes WinInfo Short Takes: Week of January 29 - 26 Jan 2007 27 Advertisement Join the Conversation Get answers to questions, share tips, and engage with the IT professional community at myITforum.  Are you a data center professional? Join AFCOM for the best data center insights. Looking to get things done in web development? Hot Scripts offers tens of thousands of scripts you can use. Database administrator? dBforums offers community insight on everything from ASP to Oracle, and get the latest news from Data Center Knowledge. Advertisement Advertisement WindowsITPro.com Windows Exchange Server SharePoint Virtualization Cloud Systems Management Site Features Contact Us Awards Community Sponsors Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search WindowsITPro.com Search: PISCES Related Sites Dev Pro SharePoint Pro SQL Server Pro SuperSite for Windows IT/Dev Connections myITforum Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
null
null
null

Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Extreme Intel launches new Apollo Lake silicon, but new Goldmont CPU architecture may draw significantly more power Intel launches new Apollo Lake silicon, but new Goldmont CPU architecture may draw significantly more power By Joel Hruska on September 2, 2016 at 9:30 am Comment Earlier this year, Intel announced that its next-generation Atom architecture, Goldmont, would be confined to netbooks and the low-end of the desktop market. Previously, Goldmont was meant to serve as the anchor for a new range of Intel products and offer the first architectural refresh since Bay Trail launched in 2013. Unlike Kaby Lake, which got the full launch treatment earlier this year, Goldmont has slipped out the door with almost no acknowledgment or briefing from Intel. Intel has added some features, including full hardware decode for VP9 and HEVC (though not HEVC Main10) support for the S0ix sleep state, Gen9 graphics (up from Gen8), and six PCI Express 2.0 lanes, up from four. The number of Execution Units (EUs) attached to the GPU is also up to 18, from a previous max of 16. As Anandtech details, however, these relatively modest advances come with a significant increase in TDP. Intel’s previous Atom processors had a TDP of 6.5W across the product stack, while all of the Airmont products unveiled today are 10W chips. That’s a significant jump for the new architecture, though it may not translate into higher power consumption at the wall (we’ll return to this shortly). Intel has previously positioned Apollo Lake as a cost-saving opportunity for the various OEMs, as the slide below makes clear: There may be good reason for this. Cutting prices is one of the few ways of encouraging end users to buy, even in a PC market where prices have been rock-bottom for a very long time. Chromebooks have also stolen a significant chunk of the overall market and Intel undoubtedly wants more of these systems to ship with x86 hardware instead of the ARM-based solutions some companies have shipped. Intel’s Gen9 GPU will support the DX12_1 feature set and offers its own memory stream compression, which should help overall performance, though systems at these price points are rarely useful for anything more taxing than a Facebook game. Intel is also claiming that Goldmont will offer a 30% performance gain on CPU and a 45% gain in GPU performance, though it didn’t offer any slides or details to back that claim up. We still don’t know what Intel changed or how Goldmont differs from Airmont — but this plays into the TDP considerations we mentioned above. Specifically, all of new Goldmont desktop CPUs in the Pentium J4 and Celeron J3 families have roughly equivalent clock speeds to the Airmont CPUs they replace, but are rated for a 10W TDP up from 6.5W for Airmont. The mobile Goldmont CPUs are all rated for 6W — but they also take a serious whack on base frequency, from 1.6GHz down to 1.1GHz. TDP (Thermal Design Power) is a complex topic and is generally defined as the typical expected power dissipation of a CPU in representative workloads. We don’t know how Intel sets its clock points within its workloads — how much of the total time is spent at max Turbo, how much at lesser speeds, and how much at the base frequency. What we do know is that the CPU base frequency can be thought of as a sort-of floor. Since Intel defines the base clock as the CPU clock you’ll get at all times unless the CPU is overheating, and since TDP is a metric that Intel gives heatsink and cooling solution manufacturers to target for optimal performance, we can safely assume that TDP is calculated to ensure the CPU doesn’t get hot enough to start throttling to protect its own operation. The fact that Intel has both bumped up the TDP rating on the desktop chips by 1.53x and cut the base clock on the mobile chips by 31% suggests that Goldmont may not have come out the way Intel was hoping it would. There’s enough play in these figures that Goldmont could still prove to be more power efficient than Airmont in certain workloads — again, we don’t know how Intel calculates TDP precisely, and if chips burst up to higher frequencies and complete workloads more quickly, the end result can be lower power consumption over time. We also don’t know if Goldmont is built on Intel’s 14nm process or the 14nm+ it used for Kaby Lake. Up until now, most interpretations of Intel’s decision to leave the smartphone and tablet markets have focused on the fact that Intel was still shipping products contra-revenue and was less interested in trying to buy its way into that space. To be clear, I think those were still major components of the company’s reasoning — but it’s also possible that Intel looked at how Goldmont was shaping up and realized that whatever the CPU’s merits in mobile and desktop processing, it wouldn’t be an architecture that could take the fight to ARM in smartphones and tablets. Tagged In smartphones intel tablets ARM cpu atom Skylake dx12 chromebook pentium netbooks Airmont Celeron DX12_1 Gen9 Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Why iPhone production isn’t coming to the United States Dec 30 Five reasons you should buy a car right now Dec 30 ET deals: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 15.6-inch laptop for $549 Dec 30 The year in space: Supernovas, gravitational waves, theoretical planets, and Hammer pants Dec 30 FBI, DHS release report on Russian hacking as administration-ordered sanctions take effect Dec 30 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation's New Strategy Isn't Cautious -- It's Aggressive This Fool disagrees with a claim that microprocessor giant's new strategy could "backfire" on it. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 2, 2016 at 8:09AM A wafer of seventh-generation Core processors. Image source: Intel.  Eric Jhonsa, writing for The Street, recently argued that microprocessor giant Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) recently announced seventh-generation Core processor family (which I'll refer to from here on out by the group's code name, Kaby Lake) is "the product of a cautious strategy that could backfire." What he's referring to specifically is the fact that Kaby Lake is the third generation of product built on Intel's 14-nanometer chip manufacturing. Jhonsa argues that Intel's new strategy "allows it to spread out capital investments for a given process over a longer time frame." He further goes on to say that Intel is "betting the cost savings that come from paring back its annual PC CPU and manufacturing investments will more than offset the narrowing (if not the narrowing) of its traditional technology leads" against key fabless chipmakers and their respective manufacturing partners. "It's a calculated gamble," he writes. "one that could easily start to backfire next year." I have a great deal of respect for Jhonsa and his work, but I disagree with him on this. Here's why.  Why Intel really shifted to this new strategy It's true that moving to new manufacturing technologies has become more difficult over time. Shrinking transistors and the associated metal stacks while keeping yields under control and moving performance up is hard and only getting harder. This is especially true as the industry as advancements in lithography tools have forced chip manufacturers to adopt increasingly exotic and expensive multipatterning schemes to build smaller chip features. This isn't a case of Intel paring back investments in chip technology research and development, nor is it a case of Intel wanting to wring more out of its capital investments. Rather, it's simply a case of Intel running into very difficult research and development challenges that force it to take longer to be able to get new manufacturing technologies into a production-worthy state. So, what's Intel doing about it? If Intel were simply just paring back investments in manufacturing technology as well as in chip technology, then the company would not have released Kaby Lake; it would have simply allowed the prior-generation Skylake parts to stay in the market for an additional year. Instead, the company did a couple of really interesting things. First of all, Intel went ahead and improved the 14-nanometer manufacturing technology that's used to build Kaby Lake. The company actually made real changes to the transistors as well as to the metal stack to wring out, according to the company, a full 12% worth of process-related performance improvement. Now, the changes done to the 14-nanometer process to create what Intel calls 14-nanometer+ don't just give a "free" performance boost. That is, Intel can't just take last year's designs, push a button, and have those designs roll off the line on the enhanced process. Instead, Intel had to go back and do quite a bit of work to the design to allow it to actually reap the benefits of this new manufacturing technology. All of this work ultimately led to Intel getting a product family out that delivers a good deal more performance in a given power envelope than its predecessor. Going forward, Intel isn't planning on letting up, either. The company says it will do three generations of products on its 10-nanometer manufacturing technology: 10-nanometer, 10-nanometer+, and 10-nanometer++. I expect this new cadence to allow Intel to put out newer, more efficient, and better-performing products each year without the inherent unpredictability that trying to move to a whole new manufacturing technology generation (and failing) leads to. If anything, this new strategy put Intel in a better position to maintain performance/power leadership in key product areas (PC processors, server processors, and so on) going forward.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 2, 2016 at 8:09AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) Read More Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks 1 Way ARM Threatens Intel's Data Center Business 5 Reasons Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Stock Could Rise in 2017 Intel's Next-Generation Server Processors Will Be Built on 10-Nanometer Tech Intel Corporation's Huge Bet on the Data Center Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Intel Corporation's New Strategy Isn't Cautious -- It's Aggressive #stocks $INTC
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site News Room SOURCE: Razer September 02, 2016 09:00 ET The New Razer Blade Stealth, Now With Increased Battery Life and Performance Starting at $999, Razer's Ultimate Ultrabook Features the New 7th Generation Intel® Core™ i7 Processor, Double the Memory of Its Predecessor and up to Nine Hours of Battery Life SEATTLE, WA--(Marketwired - September 02, 2016) - (PAX West 2016) - Razer™ today announced its new version of the award-winning 12.5-inch Razer Blade Stealth. The "Ultimate Ultrabook" has earned more than 20 awards since its January launch, including "Best of CES - 'Best PC' and 'People's Choice'" and PC Mag "Editor's choice," and it is critically acclaimed worldwide. This latest laptop by Razer is designed to meet the needs of young professionals and students by combining best-in-class performance, top-of-the-line features, and improved battery life at a remarkable value price. The new Razer Blade Stealth stands as one of the most portable laptops in the world, measuring 0.52 inches thin and weighing 2.84 pounds. The sleek CNC aluminum chassis of the new Razer Blade Stealth houses the latest 7th Generation Intel® Core™ i7 processor for ultimate performance. The ultraportable laptop now packs up to 1 TB of PCIe solid-state storage and up to 16 GB of fast, dual-channel memory for increased storage and productivity. All told, this Razer Blade Stealth sets a new standard for power, durability and design in a system perfected for productivity anywhere. "The new 7th Generation Intel Core processor takes mobile computing performance to the next level while also delivering all new media capabilities for an unmatched 4K UHD experience," said Chris Walker, vice president of the Client Computing Group and general manager of Mobility Client Platforms at Intel. "The new Razer Blade Stealth leverages the efficient performance of 7th Gen Intel Core to give people the power they need to create, watch and play at full capacity in a beautiful and ultra-portable design." A QHD 2560 x 1440 IGZO touch-enabled display comes standard on the new Razer Blade Stealth to provide best-in-class visual performance. Designers, professionals and other creatives who need more pixels can upgrade to a 4K IGZO touch display for 100 percent Adobe RGB color saturation. Also new on the latest Blade Stealth is a larger 53.6 watt-hour battery with over 15 percent more capacity than the previous generation. When on the go, the Blade Stealth can last up to nine hours on a single charge. "The first Blade Stealth offered an unparalleled combination of performance, personalization and value, with standard features that our competitors could not match in their higher-priced luxury models," says Min-Liang Tan, Razer co-founder and CEO. "Our engineers have done the impossible by making our second generation Ultrabook even more powerful while improving the battery life significantly. The Razer Blade Stealth is an example of what an Ultrabook can and should be able to do." The Razer Blade Stealth remains one of the only laptops on the market that is equipped with an individually backlit notebook keyboard, which is powered by Razer Chroma™ technology. Custom lighting effects and 16.8 million colors options make personalization on the new Blade Stealth easy to program. For those gamers who want an Ultrabook during the day and a desktop gaming system after hours, the Blade Stealth easily connects with the optional Razer Core to deliver external desktop graphics power and expanded connectivity options via a single Thunderbolt™ 3 cable for transfer speeds up to 40 Gbps. The Razer Blade Stealth and Razer Core remain the only true plug-and-play external graphics solution that does not require a reboot of the system every time a user connects. The Razer Core is also compatible with many of the latest graphics cards including the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 and AMD Radeon RX 480. It is now easier than ever to transform a thin and light notebook computer into a desktop system experience. Like its predecessor, the new Blade Stealth will start at $999. It is shipping today from RazerStore.com and will be available at Amazon and Microsoft Stores nationwide later this month. For more information, visit razerzone.com/blade-stealth. PRICE: Razer Blade Stealth: Starts at $999 Razer Core: $399 with Blade Stealth purchase (MSRP: $499) AVAILABILITY: Razerzone.com - available now PRODUCT FEATURES: 12.5 in. IGZO 16:9 aspect ratio, capacitive multi-touch display QHD (2560 x 1440) or UHD (3840 x 2160) 7th Gen Intel® Core™ i7-7500U Dual-Core Processor (2.7 GHz / 3.5 GHz) Intel® HD Graphics 620 graphics 128 GB / 256 GB / 512 GB PCIe SSD options (QHD display models) 512 GB / 1 TB PCIe SSD options (UHD display models) Up to 16 GB Dual-Channel System Memory (LPDDR3-1866MHz) Windows® 10 (64-bit) Killer Wireless-AC (802.11a/b/g/n/ac + Bluetooth® 4.1) Thunderbolt™ 3 (USB-C) Plug and play support for Razer Core external graphics enclosure USB 3.0 port x 2 (SuperSpeed) Built-in webcam (2.0 MP) Razer Chroma anti-ghosting keyboard with individually backlit keys HDMI 2.0a audio and video output Built-in stereo speakers 3.5 mm headphone/microphone combo port Built-in array microphone Trusted Platform Module (TPM 2.0) security chip embedded Compact 45 W USB-C power adapter Built-in 53.6 Wh rechargeable lithium-ion polymer battery Up to 9 hours of battery life 0.52 in. / 13.1 mm (Height) x 12.6 in. / 321 mm (Width) x 8.1 in. / 206 mm (Depth) 2.84 lbs. / 1.29 kg For more information about the new Razer Blade Stealth, please visit www.razerzone.com/blade-stealth. IMAGES: Lifestyle Photography http://rzr.to/blade-stealth-lifestyle Product Renderings For digital screens (websites, mobile, social media) PNG (RGB) – Transparent Background Video: http://rzr.to/blade-stealth-video ABOUT RAZER: Razer™ is a world leader in connected devices and software for gamers. Razer is transforming the way people play games, engage with other gamers and identify with the gamer lifestyle. Having won the coveted "Best of CES" award consecutively for six years, the company's leadership in product innovation continues to create new categories for the gaming community that is estimated to have over 1 billion gamers worldwide. Razer's award-winning design and technology include an array of user interface and systems devices, voice-over IP for gamers and a cloud platform for customizing and enhancing gaming devices. Founded in 2005, Razer is backed by Intel Capital, IDG-Accel and Heliconia Capital Management (Heliconia), a wholly owned subsidiary of Singapore investment company Temasek. For more information visit http://www.razerzone.com/about-razer. Razer - For Gamers. By Gamers.™   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Gaming Tech Razer opens preorders for GTX 1060-powered Blade laptop New, 12 comments The first deliveries of Razer’s upgraded gaming notebook will be arriving in October by Vlad Savov@vladsavov Sep 2, 2016, 9:00am EDT share tweet Linkedin Razer Nvidia’s Pascal-based GeForce GTX 1060 graphics card is coming to the 14-inch Razer Blade gaming laptop. Making the news official alongside an Intel Kaby Lake upgrade for the slimline Blade Stealth, Razer is opening preorders immediately and anticipates delivering on them in October. There is no Intel 7th-gen option for the new Blade spec, owing to the lack of quad-core chips from Intel’s new architecture. Those will come later, and Razer is sure to tap them when they show up, but for now at least, the major spec bump is the new 1060 GPU, which Nvidia and Razer both promise makes the Blade "VR ready." I pressed Razer on the claim of VR capabilities for its new laptop, owing to the as-yet-uncertain performance of 1060-powered laptops in that category. Razer responded by saying that it’s confident the user experience will be a great one. "Are we scraping the bare minimum spec to get to VR? No." Beyond the Nvidia graphics chip, the new Blade model is equipped with Razer’s standard setup of a 6th-gen (Skylake) Core i7 CPU and 16GB of RAM, though the top storage option has now been doubled to a 1TB PCIe solid state drive. Also standard is the multimillion-color Razer Chroma keyboard backlight. Razer is adding a cheaper Full HD IPS matte display option, which takes the Blade’s starting price down to $1,799. Given the battery-saving advantages of a lower-res display without touch — the standard Blade panel is a Quad HD+ touchscreen — and the lower reflectivity without a glossy cover, I’d choose this option every time. The updated Razer Blade can be preordered today for delivery in October, which is when wider retail availability is expected as well. Source: Razer Next Up In Gaming Microsoft might add ‘game mode’ to Windows 10 for maximum gaming performance How Sega brought virtual pop star Hatsune Miku to PlayStation VR 2016 burst the VR hype bubble — Epic’s Tim Sweeney thinks that’s not a problem Why lower video game sales don’t always mean a flop The Verge 2016 tech report card: Nintendo Gigabyte’s new compact gaming PC continues the trend of weird-looking computers Now Trending CES 2017: What to expect at the biggest tech trade show of the year Olympus E-M1 Mark II review: the camera that warps time The Kissenger simulates kissing your long-distance lover This Article has a component height of 7. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest CES 2017 News Circuit Breaker Tech Samsung's new four-in-one washer / dryer takes laundry to the extreme by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg I hate doing laundry more than any other chore in my life. Between dragging a laundry bag around the corner to the laundromat, lugging detergent, counting out the right amount of corners, and waiting for loads to finish, every load represents tons... New, 1 comment TL;DR Web Culture My winter happy place is Sarah Jessica Parker’s weird, gross Instagram by Kaitlyn Tiffany Sarah Jessica Parker — America’s sweetheart, New York City’s mascot, relatable queen of cold-hearted romantic comedies, human vessel of Sex and the City’s omniscient tulle-loving narrator, mother of three, and guiding light to all — is an... New, 1 comment MIT study says 3,000 ride-sharing cars could replace every cab in New York City by Jordan Golson@jlgolson All 13,000 taxis in New York City could be replaced by a fleet of 3,000 ride-sharing cars if used exclusively for carpooling, according to research published today by MIT’s Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL). Instead... New, 9 comments Entertainment TV Culture Welcome to The Bachelor fantasy league: the only sport that matters by Kaitlyn Tiffany Love is a spectator sport where the players are also spectating. We gather friends around the Apple TV while we swipe through potential lovers on Tinder. We consider everyone we swap spit with fair game for public dissection, so long as they do... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker CES 2017 News Google Asus ZenFone AR revealed, the second Google Tango phone by Vlad Savov@vladsavov Every company tries to be the first with the biggest CES announcement, but Asus has been preempted today by hardware partner Qualcomm, which has revealed the upcoming ZenFone AR smartphone with Google Tango support. At the same, prolific leaker... New, 2 comments Microsoft Tech Windows 10 Creators Update expected to arrive in April by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is tentatively planning to release its next major Windows 10 update in April. MSPoweruser reports that the software giant is planning to finalize the feature set of the Creators Update by the end of the month, before starting to crush... New, 7 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
null
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Apple’s made-in-India iPhone: This is what makes Bengaluru so special By Anirudh Regidi 27   Comments BHIM app review: App for cashless payments launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi By Aditya Madanapalle 24   Comments BSNL offers unlimited local and STD calls for Rs 144 in new plan By tech2 News Staff 4   Comments BHIM app faces high server loads on launch day By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Apple sued by a family in US, claims FaceTime caused fatal car accident 2   Comments more from #Intel CES 2017: Qualcomm, Samsung, Xiaomi and other company keynotes you need to keep a track of Qualcomm slapped with $875 million fine in South Korea for "abusing" its market position HandBrake 1.0.0 media transcoder lands after 13 years of development Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Intel Apollo lake is official with six new CPUs #Intel 0 By tech2 News Staff /  02 Sep 2016 , 17:55 Right after announcing the new 7th-generation Core processors, Intel has slyly announced the new Apollo Lake processors. Built on a 14 nanometer process, the new range will replace the previous generation of Celeron and Pentium processors, so expect them to show up in budget notebooks, desktops, tablets and 2-in-1s. A total of six CPUs were announced in the new family, including three desktop and three mobile. All of them are based on the new Goldmont architecture and Intel’s ninth generation GPU technology. The Pentium chips are top of the line with faster clock speeds and Intel’s HD 505 graphics while the others use HD 500. The thermal design power will be between 6 watts and 10 watts which is higher than the Intel 7th-gen Core Y-series processors which come in lower at 4.5 watts. CPU name Frequency Cores/threads Price Pentium J4205 1.5 GHz – 2.6 GHz 4/4 $161 Celeron J3455 1.5 GHz – 2.3 GHz 4/4 $107 Celeron J3355 2 GHz – 2.5 GHz 2/2 $107 Pentium N4200 1.1 GHz – 2.5 GHz 4/4 $161 Celeron 3450 1.1 GHz – 2.2 GHz 4/4 $107 Celeron 3350 1.1 GHz – 2.4 GHz 2/2 $107 According to the reference design details, 4GB LPDDR3 memory running at a frequency of 1866MHz will be a part of the package. Although manufacturers will also have the flexibility in choosing which type of memory can be running inside the machine as the platform will support both LPDDR4 and DDR3L memory, along with support for eMMC standard and the M.2 specification for compact SSDs. Tags: Apollo Lake, Intel, Intel 7th generation, Intel Apollo Lake, Intel Core, Intel Pentium Also read Anand Ramamoorthy named as the new managing director Intel Security for India and SAARC Intel takes the wraps off seventh gen Kaby Lake architecture: Here’s everything we know X Recommended For You CES 2017: Qualcomm, Samsung, Xiaomi and other company keynotes you need to keep a track of Qualcomm slapped with $875 million fine in South Korea for “abusing” its market position HandBrake 1.0.0 media transcoder lands after 13 years of development US President-elect Donald Trump meets top tech executives Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #BHIM Jan 2, 2017 BHIM App is the leader in the ‘Top Free Apps’ category on the Google Play Store #Nasa Jan 2, 2017 Nasa’s Neowise mission discovers a comet that may be visible from the first week of 2017 #Partnered Dec 29, 2016 Your guide to be a Selfie Expert #Samsung Jan 2, 2017 Samsung launches Galaxy A7, A5, A3 (2017) series smartphones with USB Type-C #presidential election Jan 2, 2017 US releases 13-page long analysis report detailing Russia’s role in presidential election hacking #Apple Jan 2, 2017 Apple’s parts supplier Wistron looking for permission to expand in Bengaluru SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com

By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Countdown to 2017 with HEXUS and ARM [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Software CPU News 18 Steam user Windows 10 market share closes in on 50 per cent by Mark Tyson on 2 September 2016, 10:00 Tags: Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), AMD (NYSE:AMD), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Windows 10 Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac6hh Add to My Vault: Steam survey shows Windows 10 nudging 50 per cent mark At the beginning of September Steam rolled out its monthly Hardware & Software Survey, looking back over the statistics for August. Probably the most impressive change observed in the stats is in the rate of adoption of Windows 10 among Steam gamers. Windows 10 64-bit showed good gains in August, up by 2.77 per cent to 47.44 per cent. Add this to the 1.51 per cent of users with Windows 10 32-bit installed and you get 48.95 per cent in total. Please note that the free offer to upgrade to Windows 10 from other recent Windows OSes expired before August started. Intel Kaby Lake and AMD Zen only fully supported by Windows 10, and Linux Back in January we learnt that Microsoft won't support next gen CPUs in older Windows versions. In a blog post Microsoft spelled out that "Windows 10 will be the only supported Windows platform on Intel’s upcoming 'Kaby Lake' silicon, Qualcomm's upcoming “8996” silicon, and AMD's upcoming 'Bristol Ridge' silicon". However Microsoft abandoned a simultaneous policy change which would have meant a shortened life cycle for Skylake systems running Windows 7 and 8.1. So, earlier this week PCWorld got in touch with Microsoft, to check if the Windows 10 Kaby Lake / Zen policy is still in effect. A Microsoft spokesperson replied that "As new silicon generations are introduced, they will require the latest Windows platform at that time for support." In an explanation of the policy Microsoft said this narrower development focus allows "deep integration between Windows and the silicon, while maintaining maximum reliability and compatibility with previous generations of platform and silicon". Further investigations by PCWorld revealed that both Intel and AMD will align themselves with Microsoft's software strategy. It isn't known what the result would be of a person making a new Kaby Lake or Zen based PC system, next year, then attempting to install and run Windows 7 or Windows 8.1. Sub optimal performance, glitches, or even crashes are all possibilities – and that would also depend upon the games/applications used in Windows. Windows 10 Anniversary Update freezing issue fixed In another bit of Windows 10 news this week, Microsoft has issued a fix for the widely reported Anniversary Update freezing issue. Though my system matched that of the commonly reported affected machine configurations I was unaffected by this bug. However it's good to see it fixed and the update was installed on my system last night. You can read about the issue and fix on Microsoft's Answers page, linked earlier in this paragraph. Related Reading 27 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update DLL is thought to adjust the system hardware resource allocation logic for games. 5 HandBrake video transcoder reaches version 1.0.0 This well regarded open source software tool has been in development for 13 years. 0 Futuremark to add further DX12 and Vulkan benchmarks The new 3DMark benchmark suite components will be launched at CES 2017. Raspberry Pi Pixel desktop released for PC and Mac users AMD's first Crimson ReLive driver update appears AMD to preview the Vega Architecture on Thursday Microsoft Surface Pro 5 planned for Q1 2017 says report Cryptic rumour points to air cooled AMD Ryzen hitting 5GHz HEXUS Forums :: 18 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by Dashers - Fri 02 Sep 2016 10:13 Good bit of FUD - not supporting new CPUs on old OSes. Intel aren't about to release a processor that isn't as x86 compliant as the last goodness knows how many generations. They add new instructions but it's going to be a long time before a new architecture drops a feature that is critical for Windows to run. They're effectively suggesting you must run Windows 10 if you want a new CPU, rubbish. Although DirectX 12 is only available on 10, which is a good enough reason to (plan to) upgrade if you're a gamer. Posted by DanceswithUnix - Fri 02 Sep 2016 11:02 Dashers Although DirectX 12 is only available on 10, which is a good enough reason to (plan to) upgrade if you're a gamer. More a case of level of support. Before long every peripheral and software package will be targeting W10 primarily and vague attempts to support anything older if they even bother at all. Windows is a herd ecosystem, lord help the stragglers. Really, Windows is a lot of grief for a game launcher. Actually it isn't even that is it, it is a Steam/Battle.net/gog host so more of a game launcher launcher. Posted by Irien - Fri 02 Sep 2016 11:10 It is more likely to be related to the supporting motherboard/chipset, or graphics core. For example, try installing Win7 on a Skylake board and you'll have trouble with USB because everything runs through XHCI (typically associated with USB3), even the USB2! Whilst there are workarounds, I believe Intel have stopped (or are stopping) supplying graphics drivers for older OSs too, so Kaby Lake may only have GPU drivers for Win10 WDDM 2.0. They did this before with XP/Vista etc. Note - I think this attitude is really poor (it should be customer choice, not dictated by MS/Intel/AMD) but there's really little that anyone can do. For what it is worth, it's been a huge inconvenience to me personally because I still run a Windows Media Centre box for TV. With no WMC in Win10, that effectively blocks any upgrade path. For proper HEVC support/HDMI 2.0/HDCP 2.2 on iGPU, you'll want Kaby Lake, which creates a catch-22. I figure I'll just add a graphics card for that, but still, it creates a real problem. Posted by Corky34 - Fri 02 Sep 2016 11:43 Dashers Good bit of FUD - not supporting new CPUs on old OSes. Intel aren't about to release a processor that isn't as x86 compliant as the last goodness knows how many generations. They add new instructions but it's going to be a long time before a new architecture drops a feature that is critical for Windows to run. I'm going to take a guess that you missed the word “full” as no one is saying new processor won't run x86 instructions, however there's certainly unanswered questions over what other features in the new CPU's may not work on previous versions of Windows, and with both major CPU manufactures saying they're not going to release drivers for anything other than Windows 10 it's a wait and see moment, i wouldn't call that FUD, I'd call it prudence. Posted by DanceswithUnix - Fri 02 Sep 2016 11:55 That's a lot of 1070 cards Nvidia have sold! SEE NEWER » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to beyond 7GHz 9 2 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 3 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 4 Cryptic rumour points to air cooled AMD Ryzen hitting 5GHz 9 5 Taiwanese motherboard makers optimistic about AMD Ryzen 6 1 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 2 Day 13: Win an iiyama G-Master 4K monitor 19 3 Festive greetings from all at HEXUS 19 4 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 5 Day 16: Win a Zotac Zbox and Pimax VR 15 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Aerocool Targets Gamers and RGB Enthusiasts at CES 2017 2 Samsung introduces the stylish, powerful and practical Galaxy A 3 Experience 10 Years of ZOTAC Design and Engineering Excellence at CES 2017 4 Thecus launches two new Windows Storage Server Rackmount NAS 5 PQI into Fingerprint ID Application Market 6 Samsung to Introduce New Quantum Dot Curved Monitor at CES 2017 INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,942 Forum posts: 2,563,248 Forum threads: 247,030 Currently active users: 286 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
null
null
BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Flight simulator sets fire to airport Yorkshire council hit with prolonged web outage HPE bucks trend to retain high-end server crown Government calls for ideas on how to splash £400m on fibre Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing A vintage year for snoopers and big state-ists Twas the week before Xmas ... not a creature was stirring – except Microsoft admitting its Windows 10 upgrade pop-up went 'too far' Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Obama expels 35 Russian spies over election hacking Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers IT ops doesn't matter. Really? HPE: We're 'opening floodgates' for Synergy orders... a year after launch The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study ClusterHQ? More like Clusterfscked: Cluster bombs, says it came to market too early Windows 10 nags, Dirty Cow, Microsoft's Linux man love: The Reg's big ones for 2016 Check your privilege: CoreOS's container tech rkt gets priv-escalation defense on Intel chips Docker opens up crucial container plumbing code cunningly disguised as 'boring infrastructure' Policy The Channel Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Qualcomm faces $853m fine for alleged antitrust violation How Google.org stole the Christmas Spirit Christmas Eve ERP migration derailed by silly spreadsheet sort El Reg just saved your Wikipedia Xmas US cops seek Amazon Echo data for murder inquiry Spotty battery life costs Apple's MacBook Pro its gold-star rating Tesla set to up prices by 5% in new year because of 'currency fluctuations' SPB Geek's Guide Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad 2016 just got a tiny bit longer. Gee, thanks, time lords Chinese boffins: We're testing an 'impossible' EM Drive IN SPAAAACE NASA explains how 'Spiders' grow on Mars Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things ‘Artificial Intelligence’ was the Fake News of 2016 2016: The Rise of the Intelligent (cloud) Machines Meet the Internet of big, lethal Things Uber's self-driving cars get kicked out of SF, seek refuge in Arizona Verity Stob Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse The Life and Times of Lester Haines What gifts did ol' kitten heels May get this year? How Rogue One's Imperial stormtroopers SAVED Star Wars and restored order More like this Amd Intel Windows 10 Business The Channel Latest Intel, AMD chips will only run Windows 10 ... and Linux, BSD, OS X El Reg answers your questions while you wait for make all to finish Windows 7 fans, shoo shoo ... Intel veep Navin Shenoy holds up a Kaby Lake Core 2 Sep 2016 at 09:33, Chris Williams Water cooler I read an article this week headlined: "The latest Kaby Lake, Zen chips will support only Windows 10." It claimed Intel and AMD's new processors are "officially supported only by Microsoft’s Windows 10." This can't be true? What about Linux? Journalists, right? The short answer is Intel's Kaby Lake aka its seventh-generation Core i3, i5 and i7 processors, and AMD's Zen-based chips, are not locked down to Windows 10: they'll boot Linux, the BSDs, Chrome OS, home-brew kernels, OS X, whatever software supports them. So if you want to use Linux or some other non-Windows OS on your new CPUs, you'll be fine. It's OK, we checked. Sweet. What about Windows 7? Or Windows 8.1? Or any Windows pre-10? Yeah... nah. Shad Larsen, Microsoft's director of Windows business planning, blogged earlier this month: Future silicon platforms including Intel's upcoming 7th Gen Intel Core (Kaby Lake) processor family and AMD’s 7th generation processors (e.g. Bristol Ridge) will only be supported on Windows 10, and all future silicon releases will require the latest release of Windows 10. It's easy to misread that, which I suspect was intended, but Microsoft is just talking about Windows here. If you have a computer powered by a seventh-gen Intel chip or an AMD Zen CPU and you want to use Windows, Windows 10 is your only supported option. Intel spokesman Scott Massey told us, "per Microsoft's support policy, they made the decision that Windows 10 would be the only Windows OS supported on 7th-gen Intel Core" processors. He added: "The Microsoft support change obviously doesn't impact other operating systems." One example of Microsoft holding back support is the xHCI USB controller in sixth-generation Skylake and seventh-generation Kaby Lake: Windows 7 doesn't support that USB hardware, so installing the operating system from a USB stick using those chips is tricky. Intel provides xHCI drivers for Windows 7 once it's up and running. Why is Microsoft doing this? Windows 10 must succeed at all costs. It's Windows 10 or bust. If you're buying a flash new machine, what a superb way for Microsoft to shoehorn its latest operating system onto it; that'll really help inflate its usage numbers. And it'll make life easier for its engineers: there's less hardware to test and support, less code, fewer bugs, fewer problems for everyone. Yeah? Yeah, I'm sure that was mentioned, oh, at least maybe once or twice internally in a meeting, that's a ballpark figure. A Microsoft spokesperson told us: As new silicon generations are introduced, they will require the latest Windows platform at that time for support. This enables us to focus on deep integration between Windows and the silicon, while maintaining maximum reliability and compatibility with previous generations of platform and silicon. Windows 10 will be the only supported Windows platform on Intel’s upcoming 7th Gen Intel Core (Kaby Lake) silicon. Don't forget, though, Microsoft's repeatedly changed its mind on this sort of thing before. What, when? In January, Microsoft said it would only offer "security, reliability, and compatibility" fixes for Windows 7 and 8.1 on Intel Skylake processors until July 2017. After that cutoff point, only critical security updates would be made available – and only if they weren't a chore for Microsoft to develop and release. After some not-so-gentle persuasion by normal folks and IT buyers, Microsoft had a rethink: it extended the release of security, reliability and compatibility updates until July 2018. Then, for its commercial customers, it changed its mind again, and pushed that date back to January 14, 2020 for Windows 7 and January 10, 2023 for Windows 8.1, when all extended support for the two operating system releases ends. Microsoft could make similar concessions for Windows 7 and 8.1 on Kaby Lake and Zen at some point. And Intel and AMD are cool with all of this Windows 10-only stuff? Yeah, weirdly, seems so. You'd think they'd want their chips used on the widest possible range of operating systems to maximize sales. On the other hand, if Microsoft is pulling the plug on Windows 7 and 8.1, perhaps the chipmakers can't be bothered updating and maintaining drivers for dead-end operating systems. Perhaps they want people to stockpile today's chips. A lot of this stuff tends to be backwards compatible, anyway. Just look at the ridiculous legacy-tangled mess that's the x86 boot process. No doubt people will find and document ways to run Windows 7 and 8.1 on the latest silicon from Intel and AMD, albeit with varying degrees of reliability. It's doable. They could port over drivers from Linux, for instance. Microsoft loves Linux! Right? Right. It really will hinge on how deeply Windows 7 and 8.1 depend on particular features within Intel and AMD's CPUs. Terry Myerson, executive vice president of Microsoft's Windows and Devices Group, hinted earlier that Redmond's code in Win7, for instance, expects interrupts, power control and other hardware to be provided in ways that may differ in the latest chips: For Windows 7 to run on any modern silicon, device drivers and firmware need to emulate Windows 7’s expectations for interrupt processing, bus support, and power states – which is challenging for Wi-Fi, graphics, security, and more. As partners make customizations to legacy device drivers, services, and firmware settings, customers are likely to see regressions with Windows 7 ongoing servicing. How convenient? Yeah. You'd have to crack out the huge Intel and AMD reference manuals to compare the generations to see if anything really has fundamentally changed that much from, say, Skylake to Kaby Lake – and no doubt people will. I probably should. Usually what happens is you flip a bit in a control register to enable a new mode in a feature, say, a new way of delivering an interrupt to a driver. In this example, Microsoft is trying to argue that, on the latest chips, Windows 7 can't handle this new interrupt mode, and the processor won't support the old mode, so it'll have to be emulated by the firmware or some other low-level code, which is a chore. It's a plausible excuse and also extremely convenient for Microsoft in this instance. Basically, for now, don't buy an Intel seventh-generation Core nor an AMD Zen CPU if you want to keep running Windows 7 or 8.1. Shame. ® Sponsored: Customer Identity and Access Management Tips and corrections 156 Comments More from The Register AMD is a rounding error on Intel's spreadsheet and that sucks for us all Zen biz's only hope is to avoid Chipzilla's wrath, it seems 53 Comments AMD will sell server CPUs at Happy Meal prices so you can supersize servers ARM vs. x86 can wait as first decent Xeon alternatives in ages pressure Chipzilla 26 Comments AMD accuses Intel of VW-like results fudging Revives ancient SYSmark dispute 39 Comments Microsoft, IBM, Intel refuse to hand over family jewels to China US giants balk at demands to reveal source code, schematics 52 Comments Is your Windows 10, 8 PC falling off the 'net? Microsoft doesn't care Updated Embarrassed Redmond keeps mum on how it managed to break DHCP 166 Comments The calm before the storm: AMD's Zen bears down on Intel CPUs More details confirmed ahead of 2017 desktop, server launch – and don't mention ARM 78 Comments Whitepapers Overcoming the Obstacles to the All Flash Datacenter The top 6 challenges that can slow your adoption of all flash technology, and show you how to overcome them. Your top 5 cloud Data challenges solved The cloud s changing everything, Its transforming IT orgnisations with agility and efficiency like never before, enabling them to realise new IT as a service delivery models. Content management and collaboration platform for apps With Box Platform, businesses can add secure content management and collaboration to applications without having to build and maintain their own content infrastructure. The business value of Red Hat cloudforms Red Hat CloudForms offers customers a unified vendor-agnostic platform for automating self-service provisioning and workload life-cycle management across hybrid multivendor virtualised, private cloud, public cloud, and container-based environments Most read Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing The Life and Times of Lester Haines Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Spotlight Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board EMC Dell deal: They're loved up and living together, but whose house rules? NSA, GCHQ and even Donald Trump are all after your data British jobs for British people: UK tech rejects PM May’s nativist hiring agenda Big Mickey Dell is wrong: Cloud ain't going to eat all of IT Will Microsoft's nerd goggles soar like an Eagle, or flop like a turkey? First look at Windows Server 2016: 'Cloud for the masses'? We'll be the judge of that Rage-making, anxiety-inducing tech distributors: An ode Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Flight simulator sets fire to airport Yorkshire council hit with prolonged web outage HPE bucks trend to retain high-end server crown Government calls for ideas on how to splash £400m on fibre Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing A vintage year for snoopers and big state-ists Twas the week before Xmas ... not a creature was stirring – except Microsoft admitting its Windows 10 upgrade pop-up went 'too far' Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Obama expels 35 Russian spies over election hacking Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers IT ops doesn't matter. Really? HPE: We're 'opening floodgates' for Synergy orders... a year after launch The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study ClusterHQ? More like Clusterfscked: Cluster bombs, says it came to market too early Windows 10 nags, Dirty Cow, Microsoft's Linux man love: The Reg's big ones for 2016 Check your privilege: CoreOS's container tech rkt gets priv-escalation defense on Intel chips Docker opens up crucial container plumbing code cunningly disguised as 'boring infrastructure' Policy The Channel Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Qualcomm faces $853m fine for alleged antitrust violation How Google.org stole the Christmas Spirit Christmas Eve ERP migration derailed by silly spreadsheet sort El Reg just saved your Wikipedia Xmas US cops seek Amazon Echo data for murder inquiry Spotty battery life costs Apple's MacBook Pro its gold-star rating Tesla set to up prices by 5% in new year because of 'currency fluctuations' SPB Geek's Guide Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad 2016 just got a tiny bit longer. Gee, thanks, time lords Chinese boffins: We're testing an 'impossible' EM Drive IN SPAAAACE NASA explains how 'Spiders' grow on Mars Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things ‘Artificial Intelligence’ was the Fake News of 2016 2016: The Rise of the Intelligent (cloud) Machines Meet the Internet of big, lethal Things Uber's self-driving cars get kicked out of SF, seek refuge in Arizona Verity Stob Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse The Life and Times of Lester Haines What gifts did ol' kitten heels May get this year? How Rogue One's Imperial stormtroopers SAVED Star Wars and restored order More like this Amd Intel Windows 10 Business The Channel Latest Intel, AMD chips will only run Windows 10 ... and Linux, BSD, OS X El Reg answers your questions while you wait for make all to finish Windows 7 fans, shoo shoo ... Intel veep Navin Shenoy holds up a Kaby Lake Core 2 Sep 2016 at 09:33, Chris Williams Water cooler I read an article this week headlined: "The latest Kaby Lake, Zen chips will support only Windows 10." It claimed Intel and AMD's new processors are "officially supported only by Microsoft’s Windows 10." This can't be true? What about Linux? Journalists, right? The short answer is Intel's Kaby Lake aka its seventh-generation Core i3, i5 and i7 processors, and AMD's Zen-based chips, are not locked down to Windows 10: they'll boot Linux, the BSDs, Chrome OS, home-brew kernels, OS X, whatever software supports them. So if you want to use Linux or some other non-Windows OS on your new CPUs, you'll be fine. It's OK, we checked. Sweet. What about Windows 7? Or Windows 8.1? Or any Windows pre-10? Yeah... nah. Shad Larsen, Microsoft's director of Windows business planning, blogged earlier this month: Future silicon platforms including Intel's upcoming 7th Gen Intel Core (Kaby Lake) processor family and AMD’s 7th generation processors (e.g. Bristol Ridge) will only be supported on Windows 10, and all future silicon releases will require the latest release of Windows 10. It's easy to misread that, which I suspect was intended, but Microsoft is just talking about Windows here. If you have a computer powered by a seventh-gen Intel chip or an AMD Zen CPU and you want to use Windows, Windows 10 is your only supported option. Intel spokesman Scott Massey told us, "per Microsoft's support policy, they made the decision that Windows 10 would be the only Windows OS supported on 7th-gen Intel Core" processors. He added: "The Microsoft support change obviously doesn't impact other operating systems." One example of Microsoft holding back support is the xHCI USB controller in sixth-generation Skylake and seventh-generation Kaby Lake: Windows 7 doesn't support that USB hardware, so installing the operating system from a USB stick using those chips is tricky. Intel provides xHCI drivers for Windows 7 once it's up and running. Why is Microsoft doing this? Windows 10 must succeed at all costs. It's Windows 10 or bust. If you're buying a flash new machine, what a superb way for Microsoft to shoehorn its latest operating system onto it; that'll really help inflate its usage numbers. And it'll make life easier for its engineers: there's less hardware to test and support, less code, fewer bugs, fewer problems for everyone. Yeah? Yeah, I'm sure that was mentioned, oh, at least maybe once or twice internally in a meeting, that's a ballpark figure. A Microsoft spokesperson told us: As new silicon generations are introduced, they will require the latest Windows platform at that time for support. This enables us to focus on deep integration between Windows and the silicon, while maintaining maximum reliability and compatibility with previous generations of platform and silicon. Windows 10 will be the only supported Windows platform on Intel’s upcoming 7th Gen Intel Core (Kaby Lake) silicon. Don't forget, though, Microsoft's repeatedly changed its mind on this sort of thing before. What, when? In January, Microsoft said it would only offer "security, reliability, and compatibility" fixes for Windows 7 and 8.1 on Intel Skylake processors until July 2017. After that cutoff point, only critical security updates would be made available – and only if they weren't a chore for Microsoft to develop and release. After some not-so-gentle persuasion by normal folks and IT buyers, Microsoft had a rethink: it extended the release of security, reliability and compatibility updates until July 2018. Then, for its commercial customers, it changed its mind again, and pushed that date back to January 14, 2020 for Windows 7 and January 10, 2023 for Windows 8.1, when all extended support for the two operating system releases ends. Microsoft could make similar concessions for Windows 7 and 8.1 on Kaby Lake and Zen at some point. And Intel and AMD are cool with all of this Windows 10-only stuff? Yeah, weirdly, seems so. You'd think they'd want their chips used on the widest possible range of operating systems to maximize sales. On the other hand, if Microsoft is pulling the plug on Windows 7 and 8.1, perhaps the chipmakers can't be bothered updating and maintaining drivers for dead-end operating systems. Perhaps they want people to stockpile today's chips. A lot of this stuff tends to be backwards compatible, anyway. Just look at the ridiculous legacy-tangled mess that's the x86 boot process. No doubt people will find and document ways to run Windows 7 and 8.1 on the latest silicon from Intel and AMD, albeit with varying degrees of reliability. It's doable. They could port over drivers from Linux, for instance. Microsoft loves Linux! Right? Right. It really will hinge on how deeply Windows 7 and 8.1 depend on particular features within Intel and AMD's CPUs. Terry Myerson, executive vice president of Microsoft's Windows and Devices Group, hinted earlier that Redmond's code in Win7, for instance, expects interrupts, power control and other hardware to be provided in ways that may differ in the latest chips: For Windows 7 to run on any modern silicon, device drivers and firmware need to emulate Windows 7’s expectations for interrupt processing, bus support, and power states – which is challenging for Wi-Fi, graphics, security, and more. As partners make customizations to legacy device drivers, services, and firmware settings, customers are likely to see regressions with Windows 7 ongoing servicing. How convenient? Yeah. You'd have to crack out the huge Intel and AMD reference manuals to compare the generations to see if anything really has fundamentally changed that much from, say, Skylake to Kaby Lake – and no doubt people will. I probably should. Usually what happens is you flip a bit in a control register to enable a new mode in a feature, say, a new way of delivering an interrupt to a driver. In this example, Microsoft is trying to argue that, on the latest chips, Windows 7 can't handle this new interrupt mode, and the processor won't support the old mode, so it'll have to be emulated by the firmware or some other low-level code, which is a chore. It's a plausible excuse and also extremely convenient for Microsoft in this instance. Basically, for now, don't buy an Intel seventh-generation Core nor an AMD Zen CPU if you want to keep running Windows 7 or 8.1. Shame. ® Sponsored: Customer Identity and Access Management Tips and corrections 156 Comments More from The Register AMD is a rounding error on Intel's spreadsheet and that sucks for us all Zen biz's only hope is to avoid Chipzilla's wrath, it seems 53 Comments AMD will sell server CPUs at Happy Meal prices so you can supersize servers ARM vs. x86 can wait as first decent Xeon alternatives in ages pressure Chipzilla 26 Comments AMD accuses Intel of VW-like results fudging Revives ancient SYSmark dispute 39 Comments Microsoft, IBM, Intel refuse to hand over family jewels to China US giants balk at demands to reveal source code, schematics 52 Comments Is your Windows 10, 8 PC falling off the 'net? Microsoft doesn't care Updated Embarrassed Redmond keeps mum on how it managed to break DHCP 166 Comments The calm before the storm: AMD's Zen bears down on Intel CPUs More details confirmed ahead of 2017 desktop, server launch – and don't mention ARM 78 Comments Whitepapers Overcoming the Obstacles to the All Flash Datacenter The top 6 challenges that can slow your adoption of all flash technology, and show you how to overcome them. Your top 5 cloud Data challenges solved The cloud s changing everything, Its transforming IT orgnisations with agility and efficiency like never before, enabling them to realise new IT as a service delivery models. Content management and collaboration platform for apps With Box Platform, businesses can add secure content management and collaboration to applications without having to build and maintain their own content infrastructure. The business value of Red Hat cloudforms Red Hat CloudForms offers customers a unified vendor-agnostic platform for automating self-service provisioning and workload life-cycle management across hybrid multivendor virtualised, private cloud, public cloud, and container-based environments Most read Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing The Life and Times of Lester Haines Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Spotlight Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board EMC Dell deal: They're loved up and living together, but whose house rules? NSA, GCHQ and even Donald Trump are all after your data British jobs for British people: UK tech rejects PM May’s nativist hiring agenda Big Mickey Dell is wrong: Cloud ain't going to eat all of IT Will Microsoft's nerd goggles soar like an Eagle, or flop like a turkey? First look at Windows Server 2016: 'Cloud for the masses'? We'll be the judge of that Rage-making, anxiety-inducing tech distributors: An ode Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Flight simulator sets fire to airport Yorkshire council hit with prolonged web outage HPE bucks trend to retain high-end server crown Government calls for ideas on how to splash £400m on fibre Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing A vintage year for snoopers and big state-ists Twas the week before Xmas ... not a creature was stirring – except Microsoft admitting its Windows 10 upgrade pop-up went 'too far' Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Obama expels 35 Russian spies over election hacking Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers IT ops doesn't matter. Really? HPE: We're 'opening floodgates' for Synergy orders... a year after launch The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study ClusterHQ? More like Clusterfscked: Cluster bombs, says it came to market too early Windows 10 nags, Dirty Cow, Microsoft's Linux man love: The Reg's big ones for 2016 Check your privilege: CoreOS's container tech rkt gets priv-escalation defense on Intel chips Docker opens up crucial container plumbing code cunningly disguised as 'boring infrastructure' Policy The Channel Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Qualcomm faces $853m fine for alleged antitrust violation How Google.org stole the Christmas Spirit Christmas Eve ERP migration derailed by silly spreadsheet sort El Reg just saved your Wikipedia Xmas US cops seek Amazon Echo data for murder inquiry Spotty battery life costs Apple's MacBook Pro its gold-star rating Tesla set to up prices by 5% in new year because of 'currency fluctuations' SPB Geek's Guide Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad 2016 just got a tiny bit longer. Gee, thanks, time lords Chinese boffins: We're testing an 'impossible' EM Drive IN SPAAAACE NASA explains how 'Spiders' grow on Mars Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things ‘Artificial Intelligence’ was the Fake News of 2016 2016: The Rise of the Intelligent (cloud) Machines Meet the Internet of big, lethal Things Uber's self-driving cars get kicked out of SF, seek refuge in Arizona Verity Stob Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse The Life and Times of Lester Haines What gifts did ol' kitten heels May get this year? How Rogue One's Imperial stormtroopers SAVED Star Wars and restored order More like this Intel Personal Tech The survivors: Intel's Apollo Lake netbook CPUs stagger from Goldmont bloodbath And into your Xmas stocking 2 Sep 2016 at 05:02, Chris Williams Amid the Kaby Lake noise this week, Intel slipped out six processors, codenamed Apollo Lake, for cheapo netbooks, tablet-laptop mutants and small PC boxes. These are 14nm low-power system-on-chips that use the x86 Goldmont architecture, and are branded Pentiums and Celerons. In April, Intel axed its Goldmont-based Broxton Atoms that were due to go into smartphones, and separately canned the Goldmont-powered Willow Trail Atom line that was aimed at tablets – but it allowed the netbook-friendly Apollo Lake family to live on. Therefore, here are the Goldmont-Apollo Lake survivors: Name Cores/Threads GHz GPU Max GPU MHz Max RAM Max Power Celeron N3450 4/4 1.1-2.2 HD 500 700 8GB 6W Celeron N3350 2/2 1.1-2.4 HD 500 650 8GB 6W Pentium N4200 4/4 1.1-2.5 HD 505 750 8GB 6W Celeron J3355 2/2 2.0-2.5 HD 500 700 6GB 10W Celeron J3455 4/4 1.5-2.3 HD 500 750 6GB 10W Pentium J4205 4/4 1.5-2.6 HD 505 800 8GB 10W The Pentium J4205, Celeron J3455 and Celeron J3355 are aimed at desktops, while the Pentium N4200, Celeron N3450 and Celeron N3350 are aimed at slabtops and netbooks. All of them have 2MB of cache, six PCIe 2 lanes, 12 to 18 GPU execution units depending on the model, LPDDR3 and LPDDR4 interfaces, and hardware decoding for H.264, HEVC, VP9, VC-1 and WMV9. The SoCs also have the usual builtin USB 2 and 3 controller, SATA ports, and so on. The kicker really is the included VP9 and HEVC/H.265 acceleration, allowing your battery-reliant device to stream high-def video from YouTube et al for longer before your charge runs out. Intel has had to down-clock its Apollo Lake CPU cores from the previous generation Braswell, also 14nm, to keep the power usage at a sensible level while integrating ninth-generation HD Graphics, the beefier video decoding, and other bits and pieces. Apollo Lake's max power consumption is 10W versus the 6.5W by Braswell, which uses eighth-gen HD Graphics. To make up for this reduction in frequency – down from the Braswell's 1.6GHz base – Chipzilla has had to pack various optimizations into the Goldmont architecture. According to SYSmark 2014 benchmark figures seen by Anandtech, the Apollo Lake N4200 is 30 per cent faster than the top-end Braswell N3710 in terms of CPU performance, and 45 per cent faster in terms of GPU performance. Given that there's a decent improvement, Goldmont is obviously doing something right to offset the drop in clock speed. You can expect these chips to appear in bargain-basement gear in time for the Christmas rush. ® Sponsored: Customer Identity and Access Management Tips and corrections 6 Comments More from The Register Intel mulls sale of Intel Security – reports Opinion The game done changed 6 Comments Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good All is well, rejoice, rejoice, let's get into the white 'n' fluffy Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA. Repeat, Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA Nobody tell Linux, okay? 30 Comments Intel-supported Open HPC stack to land in Q4 Shrink-wrapped software stack for big ironmongers 2 Comments IBM Bluemix to offer Intel 3D XPoint-powered cloud in late 2017 First comes a cloud testbed so we can figure out what non-volatile memory is good for 2 Comments Intel lays out its AI strategy until 2020 No sign of GPUs though 3 Comments Whitepapers Overcoming the Obstacles to the All Flash Datacenter The top 6 challenges that can slow your adoption of all flash technology, and show you how to overcome them. Your top 5 cloud Data challenges solved The cloud s changing everything, Its transforming IT orgnisations with agility and efficiency like never before, enabling them to realise new IT as a service delivery models. Content management and collaboration platform for apps With Box Platform, businesses can add secure content management and collaboration to applications without having to build and maintain their own content infrastructure. The business value of Red Hat cloudforms Red Hat CloudForms offers customers a unified vendor-agnostic platform for automating self-service provisioning and workload life-cycle management across hybrid multivendor virtualised, private cloud, public cloud, and container-based environments Most read Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing The Life and Times of Lester Haines Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Spotlight Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Google may just have silently snuffed the tablet computer Qualcomm faces $853m fine for alleged antitrust violation A year in infosec: Bears, botnets, breaches ... and elections A vintage year for snoopers and big state-ists 'Twas Brillo but then Android Things, which watched as Google Weaved its Nest How Rogue One's Imperial stormtroopers SAVED Star Wars and restored order Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware Intel quietly launches Apollo Lake SoCs for low cost laptops By Tim Schiesser on Sep 1, 2016, 9:45 PM TechSpot Most of the big news from Intel this week relates to Kaby Lake, the company's 7th-generation line of Core processors that launched for low-power laptops and convertibles just a few days ago. But Kaby Lake isn't the only line of chips launched by Intel this week: Apollo Lake, designed for entry-level laptops and netbooks, has also been quietly announced. Apollo Lake is the latest SoC in Intel's Atom line-up, succeeding the Braswell platform. Built using new Goldmont CPU cores on a 14nm process, Apollo Lake will be the only current-generation Atom product on the market this year, as Intel cancelled both the Broxton and Willow Trail platforms (for smartphones and tablets respectively) several months ago. With Kaby Lake occupying mid-range and high-end markets, Apollo Lake sits in the entry-level with Pentium- and Celeron-branded SKUs. On the desktop, we're seeing three 10W parts priced up to $161, the most powerful being the Pentium J4205. There's also three 6W mobile SKUs, again priced up to $161. Model Market Cores / Threads Base Frequency (GHz) Turbo Frequency (GHz) GPU GPU Frequency (MHZ) TDP Price Pentium J4205 Desktop 4/4 1.5 2.6 HD 505 800 10W $161 Celeron J3455 2.3 HD 500 750 $107 Celeron J3355 2/2 2.0 2.5 700 Pentium N4200 Mobile 4/4 1.1 2.5 HD 505 750 6W $161 Celeron N3450 2.2 HD 500 700 $107 Celeron N3350 2/2 2.4 650 All of Intel's Apollo Lake processors support six PCIe 2.0 lanes and up to 8 GB of memory, along with increased support for HEVC and VP9 encodes and decodes. Intel is expecting 30 percent better CPU performance and 45 percent better GPU performance than Braswell. Apollo Lake products will begin hitting the market in the coming months, although we haven't seen any announcements for products that integrate these processors just yet. Related Reads Leaked roadmap reveals Intel's plans for Kaby Lake, Apollo Lake-powered NUCs Intel details upcoming Apollo Lake-equipped NUCs Intel launches and rebrands next-gen Atom SoCs Post a comment 127 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Refreshed ThinkPads feature Kaby Lake CPUs and Optane SSDs Cherry MX Silent switches promise tactile feedback without the noise Samsung refreshes Notebook 9 line of lightweight laptops Popular 29 comments Trump wants to use couriers for important messages because "no computer is safe" Corsair Force MP500 480GB Review 19 comments Evidence of Russian malware found on Vermont utility computer Pioneer the next gaming hit with 26 hours of Unity3D training Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Intel's Kaby Lake CPUs revealed The first fruits of a new product cycle by Jeff Kampman  8:01 AM on August 30, 2016 Moore's Law may not be dead, but it is changing. In March of this year, Intel revealed that it would be adding a third stage to its traditional tick-tock model of technical advancement. That new model, "process-architecture-optimize," began its latest swing back in August 2014 with the Broadwell architecture, Intel's first time out with its 14-nm tri-gate process. A little over a year ago, we got our first taste of the Skylake "tock,"  which ditched the fully-integrated voltage regulator (FIVR) of Haswell and Broadwell chips and introduced Intel's Gen9 integrated graphics to the world, among other refinements. The Kaby Lake die, helpfully labeled. Source: Intel Now it's time for the "optimize" part of the 14-nm show. Today, Intel is raising the curtain on its Kaby Lake (or "seventh-generation Core") CPUs. We got a clearer picture of just what this third step in the new Intel architecture life cycle means at IDF a couple weeks back, so let's dive in. Getting the most out of the 14-nm process To improve Kaby Lake's performance, Intel says it's optimized its 14-nm tri-gate process so that it can lay down taller fins with a wider gate pitch. Intel calls this improved process "14-nm plus." Those improvements result in faster-switching transistors that are good for what Intel describes as "four or five speed bins" of extra clock speed, or about 400 to 500 MHz higher Turbo frequencies at the top end of a CPU's range. Kaby Lake CPUs will also be able to hit those peak speeds faster than before, thanks to an improved version of the SpeedShift technology that first appeared in Skylake. Where a Skylake Core i7-6500U might have needed over 20 ms to hit its peak Turbo speeds, a Kaby Lake Core i7-7500U might hit its Turbo peak in under 20 ms. When Intel talks about the "responsiveness gains" of Kaby, they're referring to these SpeedShift improvements. More efficient cat-video handling Along with the process improvements, the biggest change in Kaby Lake is to the integrated GPU's media encoding block. 4K video streaming, wider color gamuts, and HDR content are all in the pipe, and Intel wants to make sure its chips are ready to handle those demands efficiently. The company notes that for a lot of younger people, the 15" screen on their notebooks is the big screen they have ready access to, and it wants to offer mobile users the opportunity to watch 4K content without draining their batteries unduly. In addition to the 1080p HEVC (also known as H.265) encode and decode capabilities of Skylake, Kaby gets 4K HEVC 10-bit encode and decode support, as well as hardware decode support for YouTube's competing VP9 format. The Multi-Format Codec block in Kaby offers better support for wireless displays and an improved quality feature for the QuickSync Video Fixed-Function mode. In practice, these improved video functions let Kaby Lake CPUs play back 4K HEVC video much more efficiently than they would be able to if they had to rely on CPU power alone, as demonstrated by the local playback graph above. The Kaby CPU only needs to consume 0.5W to do its thing, compared to the 10.2W of the Core i7-6500U. For YouTube playback with VP9, the hardware decode capability in Kaby delivers similar improvements. The seventh-gen Core CPU only needs to consume 0.8W, compared to 5.8W with the CPU alone. What isn't changing We would normally perform a deep-dive on what else has changed under the hood of these Kaby Lake CPUs here, but aside from the enhanced video decode block and the benefits of the 14-nm "Plus" process, Intel was surprisingly frank about how little generation-to-generation differences there are between the sixth-gen and seventh-gen Core processors. Kaby Lake will use the same basic execution pipeline as Skylake before it, and the guts of its Gen9 integrated graphics processor are also basically identical to what arrived with Skylake. In conversations with Intel, I confirmed we're not getting any kind of FreeSync or VESA Adaptive-Sync support with this generation of chips, either. At least from a gamer's perspective, it's hard not to be disappointed by that fact. FreeSync monitors are becoming more and more widely available, and Intel is clearly thinking about the low-end gaming market to some degree. The company devoted a considerable portion of its demo time to showing off how well a thin-and-light Kaby Lake machine could play Overwatch, and I'd be willing to bet the gameplay experience would be even better with a variable-refresh display hooked up. Sadly, that's not to be with Kaby. We'll just have to wait another year to see whether Adaptive-Sync will land in Intel CPUs, it seems. The first Kaby Lake products Intel is revealing six Kaby Lake products today: three 4.5W "Y" CPUs and three 15W "U" CPUs. Instead of trying to explain the dizzying array of features inside each of these chips, I'm just going to post Intel's full accounting of what's inside. First off, let's look at the 4.5W family of seventh-gen Core products. These are all dual-core parts with Hyper-Threading enabled. As we might expect from Intel's description of its process improvements, the highest-end 4.5W Core i7-7Y75—seriously, take the naming responsibilities for these things away from the engineers, folks—can Turbo up to 3.6GHz, compared to 3.1GHz for the Skylake Core m7-6Y75. That's an impressive improvement, especially if Intel's Adaptive Performance environmental-monitoring tech lets the chip hang out at those higher clock speeds longer. You'll also note that Intel is using the Core i5 and Core i7 designators on its higher-end 4.5W CPUs now, instead of the Core m5 and Core m7 branding. Intel says it'll be reserving the Core m brand for low-end CPUs in the Kaby family, but it otherwise seems like we'll be seeing Core i branding from top to bottom in Intel's product range. My sense is that this move might make it harder to figure out which systems have which CPUs in the already arcane notebook market, but we'll just have to pay close attention from here on out.  The 15W seventh-generation Core parts all tell a similar story. The highest-end Core i7-7500U runs 200MHz faster than the Core i7-6500U at its base speed and 400MHz faster under Turbo-friendly workloads. The Core i5-7200U gets a 200-MHz base clock boost and a 300-MHz Turbo bump over the Core i5-6200U, and the Core i3-7100U makes do with a paltry 100-MHz bump over the Core i3-6100U. This cheapest 15W Kaby part doesn't do Turbo Boost. All told, these are nice improvements across the board for these meat-and-potatoes CPUs in Intel's lineup. Along with the improved media encode and decode features in Kaby, the bumped clock speeds should give Ultrabook-class mobile PCs a little more all-around muscle for the things that regular folks do with their PCs. Expect to see Kaby-equipped notebooks roll out beginning next month. What's next The six Kaby parts we're seeing today should cover a broad swath of mainstream PC needs, but there's more in store. Intel says to expect mobile CPUs with its higher-end Iris graphics and vPro management support to arrive in January 2017. We'll also need to wait until the New Year to see desktop parts benefiting from the move to Intel's 14-nm "Plus" process, as well. Intel remained mum about the chipsets and CPUs we can expect for the desktop at IDF, although we've seen hints of the 200-series chipsets as far back as Computex. It'll be interesting to see how Intel's 14-nm process improvements translate to the higher TDPs where enthusiast processors roam. If we can peer into our crystal balls for a moment, today's Kaby news might be most disappointing for Apple fans. The company's highest-end MacBook Pros rely on dual- and quad-core CPUs with eDRAM and Iris graphics on board, and those products are nowhere to be found in this first round of Kaby releases. Some MacBook Pros already feature Broadwell parts, but the highest-end quad-core MBPs still rely on Haswell Crystal Well CPUs. Unless Apple is intending to take the MacBook Pro in a more mainstream direction, we wouldn't expect to see updated versions of the company's highest-end laptop until next year, at the earliest. If that's the case, we'll have an exciting January to look forward to. 159 comments Email the author(s): Jeff Kampman Sign up to receive notices when we publish new articles Or go back to TR's front page Related Articles AMD crests Summit Ridge with Ryzen CPUs 365 AMD unwraps its seventh-generation desktop APUs and AM4 platform 81 AMD gives us our first real moment of Zen 411 Intel boosts the high-end desktop with its Broadwell-E CPUs 221 Intel's Core i7-6700K 'Skylake' processor reviewed 489 AMD's Carrizo brings power savings to mainstream laptops 83 Intel's Broadwell goes broad with new desktop, mobile, server variants 167 The TR Podcast bonus video: AMD, Zen, Fiji, and more 54 Tags: CPUs 159 comments View full site Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Flight simulator sets fire to airport Yorkshire council hit with prolonged web outage HPE bucks trend to retain high-end server crown Government calls for ideas on how to splash £400m on fibre Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing A vintage year for snoopers and big state-ists Twas the week before Xmas ... not a creature was stirring – except Microsoft admitting its Windows 10 upgrade pop-up went 'too far' Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Obama expels 35 Russian spies over election hacking Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers IT ops doesn't matter. Really? HPE: We're 'opening floodgates' for Synergy orders... a year after launch The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study ClusterHQ? More like Clusterfscked: Cluster bombs, says it came to market too early Windows 10 nags, Dirty Cow, Microsoft's Linux man love: The Reg's big ones for 2016 Check your privilege: CoreOS's container tech rkt gets priv-escalation defense on Intel chips Docker opens up crucial container plumbing code cunningly disguised as 'boring infrastructure' Policy The Channel Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Qualcomm faces $853m fine for alleged antitrust violation How Google.org stole the Christmas Spirit Christmas Eve ERP migration derailed by silly spreadsheet sort El Reg just saved your Wikipedia Xmas US cops seek Amazon Echo data for murder inquiry Spotty battery life costs Apple's MacBook Pro its gold-star rating Tesla set to up prices by 5% in new year because of 'currency fluctuations' SPB Geek's Guide Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad 2016 just got a tiny bit longer. Gee, thanks, time lords Chinese boffins: We're testing an 'impossible' EM Drive IN SPAAAACE NASA explains how 'Spiders' grow on Mars Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things ‘Artificial Intelligence’ was the Fake News of 2016 2016: The Rise of the Intelligent (cloud) Machines Meet the Internet of big, lethal Things Uber's self-driving cars get kicked out of SF, seek refuge in Arizona Verity Stob Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse The Life and Times of Lester Haines What gifts did ol' kitten heels May get this year? How Rogue One's Imperial stormtroopers SAVED Star Wars and restored order More like this Intel Personal Tech The survivors: Intel's Apollo Lake netbook CPUs stagger from Goldmont bloodbath And into your Xmas stocking 2 Sep 2016 at 05:02, Chris Williams Amid the Kaby Lake noise this week, Intel slipped out six processors, codenamed Apollo Lake, for cheapo netbooks, tablet-laptop mutants and small PC boxes. These are 14nm low-power system-on-chips that use the x86 Goldmont architecture, and are branded Pentiums and Celerons. In April, Intel axed its Goldmont-based Broxton Atoms that were due to go into smartphones, and separately canned the Goldmont-powered Willow Trail Atom line that was aimed at tablets – but it allowed the netbook-friendly Apollo Lake family to live on. Therefore, here are the Goldmont-Apollo Lake survivors: Name Cores/Threads GHz GPU Max GPU MHz Max RAM Max Power Celeron N3450 4/4 1.1-2.2 HD 500 700 8GB 6W Celeron N3350 2/2 1.1-2.4 HD 500 650 8GB 6W Pentium N4200 4/4 1.1-2.5 HD 505 750 8GB 6W Celeron J3355 2/2 2.0-2.5 HD 500 700 6GB 10W Celeron J3455 4/4 1.5-2.3 HD 500 750 6GB 10W Pentium J4205 4/4 1.5-2.6 HD 505 800 8GB 10W The Pentium J4205, Celeron J3455 and Celeron J3355 are aimed at desktops, while the Pentium N4200, Celeron N3450 and Celeron N3350 are aimed at slabtops and netbooks. All of them have 2MB of cache, six PCIe 2 lanes, 12 to 18 GPU execution units depending on the model, LPDDR3 and LPDDR4 interfaces, and hardware decoding for H.264, HEVC, VP9, VC-1 and WMV9. The SoCs also have the usual builtin USB 2 and 3 controller, SATA ports, and so on. The kicker really is the included VP9 and HEVC/H.265 acceleration, allowing your battery-reliant device to stream high-def video from YouTube et al for longer before your charge runs out. Intel has had to down-clock its Apollo Lake CPU cores from the previous generation Braswell, also 14nm, to keep the power usage at a sensible level while integrating ninth-generation HD Graphics, the beefier video decoding, and other bits and pieces. Apollo Lake's max power consumption is 10W versus the 6.5W by Braswell, which uses eighth-gen HD Graphics. To make up for this reduction in frequency – down from the Braswell's 1.6GHz base – Chipzilla has had to pack various optimizations into the Goldmont architecture. According to SYSmark 2014 benchmark figures seen by Anandtech, the Apollo Lake N4200 is 30 per cent faster than the top-end Braswell N3710 in terms of CPU performance, and 45 per cent faster in terms of GPU performance. Given that there's a decent improvement, Goldmont is obviously doing something right to offset the drop in clock speed. You can expect these chips to appear in bargain-basement gear in time for the Christmas rush. ® Sponsored: Customer Identity and Access Management Tips and corrections 6 Comments More from The Register Intel mulls sale of Intel Security – reports Opinion The game done changed 6 Comments Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good All is well, rejoice, rejoice, let's get into the white 'n' fluffy Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA. Repeat, Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA Nobody tell Linux, okay? 30 Comments Intel-supported Open HPC stack to land in Q4 Shrink-wrapped software stack for big ironmongers 2 Comments IBM Bluemix to offer Intel 3D XPoint-powered cloud in late 2017 First comes a cloud testbed so we can figure out what non-volatile memory is good for 2 Comments Intel lays out its AI strategy until 2020 No sign of GPUs though 3 Comments Whitepapers Overcoming the Obstacles to the All Flash Datacenter The top 6 challenges that can slow your adoption of all flash technology, and show you how to overcome them. Your top 5 cloud Data challenges solved The cloud s changing everything, Its transforming IT orgnisations with agility and efficiency like never before, enabling them to realise new IT as a service delivery models. Content management and collaboration platform for apps With Box Platform, businesses can add secure content management and collaboration to applications without having to build and maintain their own content infrastructure. The business value of Red Hat cloudforms Red Hat CloudForms offers customers a unified vendor-agnostic platform for automating self-service provisioning and workload life-cycle management across hybrid multivendor virtualised, private cloud, public cloud, and container-based environments Most read Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing The Life and Times of Lester Haines Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Spotlight Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Google may just have silently snuffed the tablet computer Qualcomm faces $853m fine for alleged antitrust violation A year in infosec: Bears, botnets, breaches ... and elections A vintage year for snoopers and big state-ists 'Twas Brillo but then Android Things, which watched as Google Weaved its Nest How Rogue One's Imperial stormtroopers SAVED Star Wars and restored order Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.


Share 3 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-02 ‘The Affair’ Season 3 On Showtime Recap, Which Character Is The Most Messed Up? [Spoilers] Entertainment 2017-01-02 Maddie Ziegler YouTube Channel Launched: ‘Dance Moms’ Star Says ‘It’s Gonna Be Really, Really Fun’ Entertainment 2017-01-01 Netflix News: What’s Leaving In January Entertainment 2017-01-01 Whose New Year’s Eve Meltdown Was More Entertaining, Don Lemon or Mariah Carey? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-02 Poll: Most Americans Don’t Think Donald Trump Can Prevent Scandal In His Administration News 2017-01-02 Oklahoma Earthquakes: Series Of Small Earthquakes Rattle Oklahoma Residents News 2017-01-02 Mugshot Model Jeremy Meeks Had An Amazing 2016 After Doing Time News 2017-01-02 The Real Story Of The Trump Draft Deferment: Did He Dodge The Draft With A Medical Excuse? Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Football 2017-01-02 The Chicago Bears Should Target These Three Players In The Offseason Wrestling 2017-01-02 WWE News: Alberto Del Rio Arrested After Fight In Austria Wrestling 2017-01-02 ‘WWE Raw’ Results: Goldberg On First-Ever ‘Kevin Owens Show’ & Reigns Vs. Jericho For US Title [Live Updates] Basketball 2017-01-02 NBA Trade Rumors: Avery Bradley To Lakers, Jahlil Okafor To Celtics, Jordan Clarkson To 76ers Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Health 2017-01-01 FDA Warns Pregnant Women Of High Rate Of False Positives For Zika Test: Less Than Half Of Positive ZIKV Detect Test Samples Actually Had Zika Health 2017-01-01 New Form Of Medical Marijuana Helps Treat Kids With Epilepsy Health 2016-12-31 What Is Intersex? Inside The Medical Condition That Is As Common As Red Hair Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Review Of Last Stand Datamine Leak Reveals PvP Control Points, Dark Zone Gameplay Events, And Leaderboard Checkpoints [Rumors] Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘The Celebrity Apprentice’ 2017 Spoilers: Which Contestants Are Rumored To Go Far In The New Season With Arnold Schwarzenegger? Gaming 2017-01-02 For ‘Destiny 2,’ Bungie Focuses On Improving Storytelling Gaming 2017-01-01 ‘Marvel Vs. Capcom Infinite’: Mega Man X Huge Part Of Cinematic Story Mode, Developers Reveal BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 IPhone Case Looks Like A Gun – Brings Warning To Public From Police [Photo] BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Mom Donates 18.5 Gallons Of Breastmilk Following Her Newborn’s Death, Claims Pumping Helped Her Heal BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Japanese Boy Band SMAP Quietly Disbands: Decision Not Unanimous, Indicates Agency Of Popular J-Pop Band That Was Together Since 1988 BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Trump Hates This Photo Of Himself On CNN’s ‘Unprecedented’ Book Cover: 25 Other Photos Trump Might Hate SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Lenovo Miix 510 Could Provide Great Challenge To Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Technology 3 0 0 September 1, 2016 Lenovo Miix 510 Could Provide Great Challenge To Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Daryl Deino Right now, the Microsoft Surface Pro 4 is the king of the laptop/tablet hybrid world, but Lenovo could change that with the Miix 510. Gotta Be Mobile has the news. “PC maker Lenovo used this year’s IFA 2016 trade show to deliver a clear message to anyone who is considering purchasing a Windows 2-in-1 with a removable keyboard like the Surface Pro 4. If it’s money they’re trying to save, the Lenovo Miix 510 is the best Windows 2-in-1 with a detachable keyboard to purchase.” The article adds that for $599, you get a 12.2-inch display that supports touch and pen stylus input. Both the pen and the keyboard come with the device. It also has a USB-C port, a 4G LTE data connection, Intel Integrated 520 graphics, and an Intel Core M processor. There will be slightly more expensive options that offer an Intel Core i7 Processor. Engadget, who notes that the Miix 510 offers brisk performance without making your bank account weep, is also impressed with Lenovo’s Surface Pro 4 competitor, but notes some of its drawbacks. “It sports a lower-resolution display than the Miix 700 (1,920 x 1,200) and is both heavier (1.9 pounds without the keyboard attached) and thicker (0.39 inches), but it promises to be more powerful. You can have up to a 6th-generation Core i7 processor inside rather than a Core M, and up to a 1TB SSD.” The article adds that the Miix offers 7.5 hours of battery life rather than the nine hours Microsoft says it offers with the Surface Pro 4. However, anybody who has read the complaints about the Surface Pro 4 over the last year knows that Microsoft over-exaggerated its battery life a lot. Still, the Surface Pro 4 has set the standard in the industry, and there have been several attempts to create similar devices. The one that has come the closest has been the Samsung Galaxy TabPro S, which CNET gave four stars to. The Samsung Galaxy TabPro S has received some good reviews. [Image via Daryl Deino]“The Samsung Galaxy TabPro S doesn’t do everything right, but its few missteps are in service of a greater good — providing a top-notch Windows tablet experience at a reasonable price. The overall value here is excellent, especially considering the advanced display and very long battery life,” said critic Dan Ackerman, who praised Samsung for including the keyboard cover with the device. A couple of things Ackerman didn’t like with the TabPro S is the fact that it comes with a sluggish Core M processor, and the keyboard cover allows only two screen angles, both of which may seem uncomfortable. Trusted Reviews wasn’t thrilled about the Core M processor either, but still gave the device four stars. “The Galaxy TabPro S remains one of the best Windows tablets around. The stellar screen and battery life make it a solid, albeit expensive, alternative to Microsoft’s ageing Surface 3 and it easily outclasses Huawei’s competing MateBook,” claimed columnist Alastair Stevenson, who — like others — can’t stop talking about the amazing screen. Besides the Miix 510 and TabPro S, there is also the Asus Transformer 3 Pro, which Digital Trends actually likes more than the Surface Pro 4. “Asus hasn’t made those mistakes [referring to other Surface Pro clones]. Its Transformer 3 Pro won’t win awards for originality, and we suspect some Surface owners will levy a few choice words at it for its imitation. That aside, it’s promising. It seems to nail the fundamentals; proper display size, thin design, and great keyboard. The Transformer 3 Pro and the Lenovo Miix 510 should hit stores within the next month or so. Meanwhile, Microsoft’s Surface Pro 5 likely won’t be released until 2015. One certainly has to thank Microsoft for creating the Surface Pro and inspiring other companies to create similar devices. [Photo by David Ramos/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Now Read This: Samsung Galaxy S8 Leak Teases Continuum Feature For Next Flagship: Android/Chrome OS Hybrid On The Way? Share 3 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Daryl Deino Tags: Lenovo Miix 510, Surface Pro 4 May 13, 2011 The Inquisitr is for sale April 29, 2011 The Royal Wedding Live Blog Comments LATEST HEADLINES Death By Selfie: Indian Student Killed In Front Of Oncoming Train, ‘Killfies’ Skyrocket Worldwide Jinger Duggar Baby Rumors Swirl, No Official Announcement Made Yet Waffle House Waitress Loses Job After Firing Warning Shot In The Air During Robbery ‘Missing Nine’ Upcoming K-Drama Premier: MBC To Run Special Episode 6 Days Before Melodramatic Series Airs [Video] Victoria’s Secret Model Bridget Malcolm Poses Nearly Nude For ‘Playboy’ ‘Reality Steve’ Wrong About ‘Bachelor’ Nick Viall’s Final Pick? Who Really Gets Nick’s Final Rose? Jon Gosselin Spends New Year’s Eve With Half His Kids: What Did They Do? ‘The Affair’ Season 3 On Showtime Recap, Which Character Is The Most Messed Up? [Spoilers] Mick Jagger’s Daughter Georgia May Stars In Seductive Bonus Day Of ‘Love’ Magazine’s Advent Calendar Camila Cabello Gets The Last Laugh As She Thanks 2016 Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Julian Assange Has Confirmed That The U.S. Government Is Lying To The American People About Russia 34.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 37.3k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 52 0 0 Theo James Not Engaged To Girlfriend Ruth Kearney, Shailene Woodley And ‘Underworld’ Actor Say Goodbye To ‘Divergent’ Movies 2.6k 0 0 Bernie Sanders Tells Trump ‘Keep Your Promises’, Don’t Cut Social Security Or Medicare 2.4k 0 0 Delayed Kindergarten Enrollment Dramatically Reduces ADHD In Children, Study Shows 374.7k 0 0 Recent Videos Automotive Uber Removes Self Driving Cars In San Francisco One Week After Launching Science Scientist Creates Artificial Human Skin From Algae Technology Google Will Not Make Autonomous Cars Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple We tried Qualcomm's VR headset, and it's even sharper than the Vive or Rift Matt Smith Digital TrendsSeptember 1, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share When you think virtual reality, you almost certainly don’t think of Qualcomm. In fact, if you’re like most consumers, you likely don’t think about Qualcomm much at all … ever. But you maybe should, as the company has more or less become the Intel of smartphones. There’s a good chance your phone has a Qualcomm processor inside it. Its hardware is popular, and well respected. Now – in a move that makes parallels with Intel even stronger – Qualcomm has debuted its very own VR headset. Yes, I know what you’re thinking. ­Another one? But this one, officially called the Snapdragon VR820, has a trick. It has two front-mounted cameras that enable spatial tracking and gesture recognition, all without external sensors or hardware. In fact, it has no hardware at all. Sound familiar? That might be because Intel just announced Project Alloy, which promises exactly the same thing. On a technical level, Intel’s kit seems a bit more powerful. But unlike Project Alloy, the Snapdragon VR820 was available to try, and should be shipping (to Qualcomm partners) within two months. Related: All the details on the Qualcomm Snapdragon VR820 How well did it work? Quite well, at least in the basic demo the company showed us. We encountered a friendly squid and moved around it in real space, without any controller, or cords of any kind. We saw absolutely no errors in tracking or lag, which made the headset very comfortable to use. Better still, the display boasts 4K resolution, which means it actually looks sharper than the HTC Vive or Oculus Rift — substantially sharper. The demo shown was limited, noninteractive, and didn’t showcase potential gesture support, so we have to stop short of declaring Qualcomm’s tech awesome. And the headset itself was one you might expect from something that’s called a “reference design” – it felt cheap and bulky. qualcomm snapdragon vr hands onMore Matt Smith/Digital Trends qualcomm snapdragon vr hands onMore Matt Smith/Digital Trends Still, to Qualcomm’s credit, the conditions weren’t optimal. The area we used the headset wasn’t the empty, controlled room you usually see in VR demonstrations, but instead a press room full of journalists standing within arm’s reach. Despite that, the tracking worked without flaw, which seems to indicate it can handle chaotic environments. Read More To be clear, this is not a design meant for consumer hands. It’s instead built to inspire engineers and developers by showing them what Qualcomm can do. The hope is that, once convinced, they’ll decide to opt for the company’s hardware. Qualcomm wants to be a part of the blooming VR market, and this is it’s in. What we saw indicates there’s reason for Qualcomm to be hopeful. There’s no way a self-contained, mobile-oriented VR headset like this will ever replace premium headsets like the Vive and Rift. It’s just not powerful enough. But self-contained designs like this could revolutionize entry-level VR headsets which, at the moment, are restricted to seated experiences and rudimentary controls. A design like the Snapdragon VR820 could change that — and suddenly make affordable VR relevant. Highs: 4K display looks crisp Excellent spatial tracking Completely wire-free Lows: Demo was simple Only meant for reference use Qualcomm's Snapdragon VR820 shows how fast VR headsets are evolving Look ma, no wires! Intel's Project Alloy gives VR full freedom of movement Google Chrome's 'VR Shell' would let you view any website in virtual reality Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech Obama boosted White House technology; Trump sees risks Associated Press Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Stock Split: Will the Chip Giant Ever Split Again? The semiconductor maker hasn't had a stock split in 16 years and doesn't look likely to see another soon. Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Sep 1, 2016 at 5:17PM Image source: Intel. The tech boom of the 1990s led to great success among players in the industry, and Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) turned its dominance in the PC microprocessor space into big returns for shareholders. During the first 30 years of its existence, Intel stock splits were frequent, but since 2000, investors have had to make do without splits. By now, some investors wonder if Intel will ever be in a position to split its stock again. Let's take a look at Intel's past stock splits and look at whether the business might support a future split down the road. Intel stock splits Date of Split Split Ratio May 17, 1973 3 for 2 May 15, 1974 3 for 2 May 26, 1976 3 for 2 Sept. 1, 1978 5 for 4 May 31, 1979 3 for 2 Oct. 8, 1980 2 for 1 June 30, 1983 2 for 1 Oct. 28, 1987 3 for 2 June 6, 1993 2 for 1 June 16, 1995 2 for 1 April 11, 1999 2 for 1 July 30, 2000 2 for 1 Data source: Intel investor relations. As you can see, Intel hasn't hesitated to split its shares when the time has been right in the past. The impressive run of share-price increases that led to so many splits has produced average annual returns of almost 16% over the past 35 years. When Intel split its shares Intel's stock split strategy falls into two distinct periods of its history. During the 1980s, Intel tended to start looking at stock splits when its share price topped $50 for an extended period of time. That was consistent with its status as an up-and-coming player in the fast-growing technology industry, and it kept share prices low to encourage greater investment. By the 1990s, Intel had ridden the success of its PC microprocessor line to great success. Its x86 chips became the backbone of most personal computers, and demand for PCs was so strong that the market expanded dramatically. With the gain in prominence, Intel also changed its stock split strategy, waiting until its shares topped the $100 mark before choosing to split its shares. Tech bust fallout Intel's timing of its last stock split was somewhat unfortunate, coming even as the tech bust had already begun in 2000. After the split, Intel stock traded at around $75 per share, but the shares would fall into the low teens by 2002 before bouncing back. Since then, Intel has faced several challenges that have kept it from getting back into a position to do further stock splits. First, the rise of mobile devices has challenged Intel's dominance of the microprocessor market, and declining demand for PCs has made Intel's key market less important to the tech industry overall. That's part of what sent the stock down to just over $12 per share during the financial crisis in late 2008 and early 2009, and the company has been slow in developing a strategy for putting its strong reputation to better and more profitable use. The other factor that has hurt Intel's stock split capability isn't entirely negative from an investor standpoint, but it has slowed the pace of the company's share-price appreciation. During the 1980s and 1990s, Intel either paid no dividend or made a minimal token dividend payment. In recent years, however, Intel has become a healthy dividend-paying stock, with yields that at times have exceeded 4%. Currently, Intel's dividend yield is almost 3%, and that comes despite the fact that the stock has nearly doubled since late 2012. Because dividend payments typically cause the share price to fall by a similar amount, Intel hasn't seen its stock climb as quickly as it did when it paid little or nothing in dividends. Will Intel split again? Intel has produced strong returns recently, including a 33% jump in the stock since this time last year. Yet even with the boost, Intel stock carries a price of only around $35 per share. Given Intel's past practice and changes in the way that companies consider stock splits, it would likely take a tripling in price to get the tech giant back into a position to think about splitting its stock again. In order to achieve that, Intel will have to push forward much more strongly to re-establish itself in the mobile field with the same authority it had in PCs. Even in a best-case scenario, it will probably be years before Intel could realistically consider a stock split. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Dan Caplinger has been a contract writer for the Motley Fool since 2006. As the Fool's Director of Investment Planning, Dan oversees much of the personal-finance and investment-planning content published daily on Fool.com. With a background as an estate-planning attorney and independent financial consultant, Dan's articles are based on more than 20 years of experience from all angles of the financial world. Follow @DanCaplinger Article Info Sep 1, 2016 at 5:17PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) Read More Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks 1 Way ARM Threatens Intel's Data Center Business 5 Reasons Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Stock Could Rise in 2017 Intel's Next-Generation Server Processors Will Be Built on 10-Nanometer Tech Intel Corporation's Huge Bet on the Data Center Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Intel Stock Split: Will the Chip Giant Ever Split Again? #stocks $INTC
null
Home Homepage Membership Levels Founder's Message The Book FREE Trial Screeners Value Screens All-In-One Screener Industry Overview Ben Graham Net-Net Undervalued Predictable Buffett-Munger Screener Magic Formula (Greenblatt) Historical Low P/S List Historical Low P/B List Peter Lynch Screen High Short Interest 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs Predictable Companies S&P 500 Grid Dividend Stocks Spin Off List Downloads | Tools Download Financial Data Download Guru Portfolios Download Stock PDFs Download Insider Data Download Manual of Stocks™ Excel Add-In API Mobile App Data Coverage Complete Stock List Buffett-Munger Newsletter Strategies Performances Buffett-Munger Undervalued Predictable Low P/S Low P/B Broadest Owned Most Weighted Gurus Latest Guru Picks Real Time Picks List of Gurus (Personalize) Gurus Portfolios Scoreboard Top 10 Holdings View Sector Picks International Picks Aggregated Portfolio Consensus Picks Guru Bargains Hot Picks Industry Trends Geographic Trend ETFs Options European Shorting Insiders All Insiders CEO Buys/Sales CFO Buys/Sales Insider Cluster Guru+Insider Double Buys Triple Buys/Sales Insider Trends Canadian Insider Dutch Insider Market Market Valuation Economic Data Industry Overview Market-Cap/GDP Valuation Global Market Valuation Shiller P/E Shiller P/E By Sectors Buffett Assets Allocation By Country USA Australia Canada China Germany India Japan UK More... Articles Articles Editor's Picks GuruFocus Research Value Ideas Interviews with Gurus Top Ranked Value Idea Contest Videos Following Authors Submit Articles Writers Wanted Value Contest Winners Submit Articles Online My Articles Conference Value Conference Speakers Location/Venue Register Tutorials Tutorials & Webinars Q&A FAQ Contact Us LOG IN Log In Free Register 7-Day Free Trial Subscribe Free Trial ($349/Year) Search Compare Search ▾ Get 7-Day Free Trial My Portfolios▾ Portfolios Overview Create New Portfolio Portfolio Contest My Gurus▾ Quick Browse Personalize My Gurus Premium Gurus Premium Plus Investors How to use GuruFocus - Tutorials What Is in the GuruFocus Premium Membership? A DIY Guide on How to Invest Using Guru Strategies Sangara Narayanan Articles (212)  Bookmark Print Tweet Bookmark Name: This page was added to your Bookmark. Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first. Bookmark of this page has been deleted. Intel and NVIDIA Fighting for Deep Learning Dominance Both companies will have their fair share of a rapidly expanding market August 31, 2016 | About: INTC +0% NVDA +0% FB +0% MSFT +0% IBM +0% AMZN +0% AAPL +0% GOOGL +0% Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), the chip maker who returned to sales growth this year after seeing its revenue stagnate in 2015, has been doubling down on its efforts to capitalize the growth opportunity in the Internet of Things and datacenter markets. "Second-quarter revenue matched our outlook and profitability was better than we expected," said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO. "In addition, our restructuring initiative to accelerate Intel’s transformation is solidly on-track. We're gaining momentum heading into the second half. While we remain cautious on the PC market, we’re forecasting growth in 2016 built on strength in data center, the Internet of Things and programmable solutions.” - Intel Press Release In line with that focus, the company is trying to give a serious run for NVIDIA’s (NASDAQ:NVDA) money in the artificial intelligence segment with its Xeon Phi processor. NVIDIA is the defacto leader in the AI chips segment, with almost all the big companies involved in the deep learning area as clients. Warning! GuruFocus has detected 6 Warning Signs with INTC. Click here to check it out. INTC 15-Year Financial Data The intrinsic value of INTC Peter Lynch Chart of INTC Intel’s Xeon Phi processors will be competing with NVIDIA’s GPU processors and, recently, Intel fired a salvo at NVIDIA, claiming that its processors are superior to their rival's. Intel’s Claim: Xeon Phi delivers strong scaling to 128 nodes while GPUs do not Xeon Phi offers 38% better scaling than GPUs across nodes Xeon Phi delivers strong scaling to 128 nodes while GPUs do not NVIDIA’s response: Source: NVIDIA As you can see, the growth of cloud has created an arms race of sorts in the artificial intelligence segment, especially in the deep machine learning market. All the big tech companies - Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), IBM (NYSE:IBM), Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and many more - are building their expertise in that area; and let’s not forget the effort from the auto industry as well. Nvidia’s Datacenter segment, fueled by the demand from deep learning, posted a record 109% growth during the second quarter of the current fiscal, with revenues racing to $151 million compared to the previous year’s $72 million. The segment is obviously growing at a fast pace and NVIDIA is staying at the top without any real competition. There is plenty of opportunity in the market, as it can only grow bigger from here. Intel, realizing this, is stepping up to the plate and wants to position its processor directly against Nvidia’s. “Intel Corp. told technology developers Wednesday that it plans next year to deliver a new version of the Xeon Phi processor—a product line previously targeted at scientific applications—with added features designed to accelerate tasks associated with what Silicon Valley calls artificial intelligence.” - WSJ Though this may not have an immediate impact on either company’s top line in the immediate future, the datacenter segment is where both these companies are set to cross swords in the long term. With ample space in a growing market, both companies will soon become a duopoly and stay there for a very long time. Disclosure: I have no positions in any stocks mentioned and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. Start a free 7-day trial of Premium Membership to GuruFocus. About the author: Sangara NarayananSangara Narayanan holds an MBA from Kent State University, Ohio, and has worked on the floor as a trader in New York. You know where. He is passionate about capital markets and specializes in business analysis, stock valuations and making chicken curry Currently 0.00/5 1 2 3 4 5 Rating: 0.0/5 (0 votes) Subscribe via Email Subscribe RSS Comments Please leave your comment: More GuruFocus Links Latest Guru Picks Value Strategies Warren Buffett Portfolio Ben Graham Net-Net Real Time Picks Buffett-Munger Screener Aggregated Portfolio Undervalued Predictable ETFs, Options Low P/S Companies Insider Trends 10-Year Financials 52-Week Lows Interactive Charts Model Portfolios DCF Calculator RSS Feed Monthly Newsletters The All-In-One Screener Portfolio Tracking Tool Select portfolio(s): Create a new portfolio Why you are interested? Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio. Login to add portfolio Home  About   Jobs   Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us    © 2004-2017 GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC. Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily. FEEDBACK
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Countdown to 2017 with HEXUS and ARM [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Mainboard Reviews 3 Review: Asus Z170 Pro Gaming/Aura by Tarinder Sandhu on 1 September 2016, 15:30 Tags: ASUSTeK (TPE:2357), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac55g Add to My Vault: Asus Z170 Pro Gaming/Aura £154.99 Free shipping for HEXUS members* Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Test Methodology 3 - Benchmarks: CPU 4 - Benchmarks: Gaming 5 - Benchmarks: Storage 6 - Benchmarks: Overclocking 7 - Benchmarks: Power Consumption 8 - Conclusion Introduction Motherboard manufacturers are in something of a tight spot. The dominant CPU player is Intel, especially for the premium boards that allow the motherboard guys to eke out decent premiums. Problem is that Intel has integrated more and more functionality into its CPUs over time, leaving the supporting partners with little means to differentiate when running the PC at stock speeds. Necessity, of course, is the mother of invention, so we've seen the big motherboard players up their style game, add in all manner of lighting, beefed-up audio, Ethernet and comprehensive BIOSes. Being amongst the biggest of them all, Asus is in a fine position to offer the consumer an almost-limitless array of choice. Coming out of left field is the Z170 Pro Gaming/Aura, so let's take a peek. The Asus style machine is in full flow here. Based on the Skylake-supporting chipset and using the standard Z170 Pro Gaming as a capable base, the Taiwanese giant goes for something different in a couple of ways on this £150 offering. RGB lighting is all the rage and Asus dutifully adds in a row of 10 LEDs on the back right-hand side controlled by some accompanying software. There are 12 different modes and, as expected, the software package can also work with any Aura-compliant Asus hardware - the Strix line of graphics cards comes immediately to mind. The effects are good if RGB is a must in your buying criterion. Other changes are more subtle, however. From what we can tell, the previous model's largely redundant SATA Express is dropped in favour of the standard array of six SATA ports, presumably to save a little cost. There's also reinforced PCIe x16 slots for the top duo, with Asus continuing with a third even though the latest Nvidia cards don't offer that much parallelism now. Subjectively, it's an attractive full-ATX board that uses the silver and black theme well. A quartet of 4-pin fan headers all reside in the upper section, near the CPU, and there's ample space to mount large coolers in either orientation. A closer look shows that overt cooling isn't at the top of the agenda for this board. A couple of basic heatsinks, attached by push-pins, sit just outside 10 uncovered PWMs. The dual-channel memory architecture's speed has been increased to an officially supported 3,466MHz, though we know it will go higher. The header below the main, 24-pin power connector is for connecting front-mounted USB 3.0, and it's a shame that 3.1 isn't present on the board. Asus does include a couple of ASMedia USB 3.1 controllers round back, offering both Type-A and Type-C support. So why the £150 street price when similar boards are available for, say, £130 from the competition. Take a closer look at the side-by-side pictures above. In an era where customisation is apparently king, Asus ups the ante some. The Z170 Pro Gaming/Aura offers users the ability to 3D-print a design of their own and attach it to the bottom. The printing needn't obscure the M.2 slot, however Asus says it will provide a template for enthusiasts to print their own, in whatever colour they wish, to make the board truly unique. It just so happens the company sent us a sample with a customised HEXUS nameplate. The fit and finish is good, if you like this sort of thing, but, obviously, be prepared to sacrifice the M.2 slot should you go for a design of this ilk. However, Asus says that the very nature of 3D printing means that the possibilities for customisation are practically endless, meaning that the M.2 slot, as is the case with our sample, needn't be sacrificed. For example, the company has an M.2 mount example that doesn't take anywhere near the amount of space. Asus, it seems, is ready to jump on the nascent 'make it your own' philosophy. Think of this feature as a new kind of value-add. Showing the board bare, you can see the non-toughened PCIe x16 slot and a trio of PCIe x1 that sit between the longer slots. The extra nuts that house the plastic section are also easy to see, as is the now-obligatory SupremeFX audio on premium Asus boards. We appreciate the upper PCIe x16, usually reserved for graphics, is far enough away from the CPU to cause no installation issues. Asus hasn't skimped with the Ethernet as it uses the Intel I219V Nic. A single Type-A and Type-C are evident, as are four further USB 3.0 (more available on the board itself) and a couple of USB 2.0. Speaking of older tech, it's unusual to see a PS/2 connector on a modern board. Should you wish to use the CPU's outputs, a full quartet of options are available. The firmware is practically identical to the standard Z170 Pro Gaming's, head over there to learn more. You'll probably be more interested in this board from a style perspective than absolute value, but let's run the benchmarks and see if it can match the incumbent competition. Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Test Methodology 3 - Benchmarks: CPU 4 - Benchmarks: Gaming 5 - Benchmarks: Storage 6 - Benchmarks: Overclocking 7 - Benchmarks: Power Consumption 8 - Conclusion NEXT PAGE » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to beyond 7GHz 9 2 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 3 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 4 Cryptic rumour points to air cooled AMD Ryzen hitting 5GHz 9 5 Taiwanese motherboard makers optimistic about AMD Ryzen 6 1 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 2 Day 13: Win an iiyama G-Master 4K monitor 19 3 Festive greetings from all at HEXUS 19 4 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 5 Day 16: Win a Zotac Zbox and Pimax VR 15 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Aerocool Targets Gamers and RGB Enthusiasts at CES 2017 2 Samsung introduces the stylish, powerful and practical Galaxy A 3 Experience 10 Years of ZOTAC Design and Engineering Excellence at CES 2017 4 Thecus launches two new Windows Storage Server Rackmount NAS 5 PQI into Fingerprint ID Application Market 6 Samsung to Introduce New Quantum Dot Curved Monitor at CES 2017 INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,942 Forum posts: 2,563,248 Forum threads: 247,030 Currently active users: 286 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Polish city more polluted than Beijing Nine events that will shape the world in 2017 Turkish police hunt Istanbul nightclub gunman China tightens control of personal forex purchases New UK tax evasion penalties come into force US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Political risk means all 2017 investment bets are off What Donald Trump’s fondness for Palm Beach reveals Putin resists tit-for-tat expulsions of US diplomats A year of riding out global economic shocks Dollar will find buyers hard to find in 2017 Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read China tightens control of personal forex purchases Uber and Airbnb business models come under scrutiny New McLaren boss to rev up turnround of Formula One team Former RJR Nabisco chief F Ross Johnson dies at age 85 Corporate moments to look out for in 2017 Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read China tightens control of personal forex purchases Financial markets: 2016 in charts Where should I invest in 2017? Why states struggle to repatriate looted assets Obscure corner of stock market reveals a Christmas bargain Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read France contemplates breaking with an unsustainable status quo How Japan resists the populist tide Best of Banx 2016 Turkey faces a double terrorist threat Political risk means all 2017 investment bets are off Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Millennials start the year with paper diaries and notebooks Ricky Gervais on the harsh new world of work Review — ‘Tools of Titans’, by Tim Ferriss The best thing I read all year — 2016 2017 – the year to get excited about smartphones again Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Martin Freeman on Sherlock, politics and why he’s not on Twitter Where to go in 2017 Gary Lineker on tabloid scorn and football’s ‘staggering’ riches Bodley Head/FT Essay Prize 2016 Brexit: a coup by one set of public schoolboys against another Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: Qualcomm unveils standalone VR headset Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital $ 6.45 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Digital Trial $ 1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 02, 9:02 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Surface Pro 5 Rumors: Kaby Lake Specs May Offer 20 Percent Boost Over Surface Pro 4 By Christopher Groux On 09/01/16 AT 12:50 PM Close Surface Pro 5 rumor reports suggest Microsoft’s next tablet will feature Intel’s new line of Kaby Lake CPUs, and it just so happens that NotebookCheck recently benchmarked an early i7 model. According to the report, the i7 Kaby Lake generally offers about a 15 to 20 percent increase over its Skylake counterpart. This boost, however, is due to no changes in clock or design. With this round of updates, the focus is purely on optimization. It means Kaby Lake is better able to take advantage of Turbo Boost and “Overboost” to provide noticeably better performance in several different areas. For prospective owners of the Surface Pro 5, the biggest advantages might very well come when used for gaming or video streaming. One of the hallmark features of the Kaby Lake refresh is the introduction of new HEVC Main10 video encoders. In testing, the CPU managed to stream a 4K video at 60 fps while consuming just 3.2 wants in power. By comparison, the last-gen i7 stuttered playing the same clip and consumed 16.5 watts. With regard to games, the strides are just as interesting. The benchmarked model touted HD Graphics 620 specs but was able to perform 20 to 30 percent better than Skylake on average. In general, its efficiency was compared to a dedicated NVIDIA GeForce 920M notebook GPU. Related Stories Purported Surface Book 2 Hinge Photo Stirs Confusion Microsoft Promises To Fix Surface Pro 3 Battery Problem What wasn’t mentioned by the source was battery life. Given that optimization is Kaby’s focus we expect to see improvements, but nothing of the sort was documented here. It’s also worth noting that these tests are probably on the lower end when considering the wide range of Kaby Lake chips due out next year. Not only will quad-core models be introduced, but there will also be variations that support Intel’s trumped-up Iris graphics tech too. With no projected release window for the Surface Pro 5, it’s unknown which build will make it into the retail version. Some speculation suggests a delayed 2017 arrival, which could pave the way for more formidable options. There has been no official indications about a Surface Pro 5 or the specs it will support. Considering Microsoft’s rock-solid partnership with Intel and the projected arrival window, Kaby Lake merely seems like the most sensible option. We’ve made a list of five equally expected Surface Pro 5 additions that can be read here. What will Kaby Lake bring to the Surface Pro 5? Are you excited about the spec bump? Tell us in  the comments section!     Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Samsung To Release Note 7 Probe Results Soon The South Korean company will reportedly make public the results of its investigation into the Note 7 battery fiasco before the end of January. Technology Is 'Mass Effect: Andromeda' Coming To The Nintendo Switch? “Mass Effect: Andromeda” producer Michael Gamble has revealed whether or not the game is coming to Nintendo’s upcoming console hybrid. World American Survived Istanbul Attack By 'Playing Dead' William Jacob Raak took a bullet and remained in place as a rampage went on around him. National Lake Erie Plane Crash Victim Was College Student Megan Casey was returning home with her family after seeing an NBA game when the plane she was flying in disappeared. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Entertainment Tech You can stream Sony’s 4K with HDR movies on your PC, but only if you have Intel’s new chip New, 3 comments by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Sep 1, 2016, 12:33pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Sony introduced its 4K movie streaming service, Ultra, at CES this year in coordination with its release of its 4K HDR TVs. Now the company is teaming up with Intel to bring its streaming service to any PC that has an Intel 7th Gen Core processor, which Intel introduced at IFA this week. Ultra will be available in January. Called Kaby Lake, Intel focused on making these new chips 4K streaming friendly, so they can handle multiple 4K streams, play 360-degree content, and run VR and AR applications. Finding 4K content for PCs has been notoriously difficult because of copy protection. Basically, if you're on a PC it's a lot easier to record a film than if you're watching it on a TV, so film companies are hesitant to let people stream. But Intel's new chips support all the latest and greatest forms of DRM, which is likely why Sony is partnering with the company. More than 100 devices with 7th Gen Core processors are planned to be on the market during the holidays this year. These PC owners will be able to rent Sony films for 48 hours, as opposed to only being able to buy them. New releases cost $29.99 to own in 4K with HDR, whereas a 48 hour rental costs $7.99. Older titles cost $25.99 to buy. You'll also have the chance to preview a free 10 minutes. Soak in that glorious 4K with HDR before you have to start paying up. Your friends will be hella impressed with all your movie previews. Source: Intel Via: HDGURU Next Up In Circuit Breaker Asus ZenFone AR revealed, the second Google Tango phone Samsung updates its midrange Galaxy A series with water and dust resistance, improved camera Dell has turned one of the best Windows laptops into a 2-in-1 hybrid TrackR announces new trackers for finding your misplaced stuff CES 2017: What to expect at the biggest tech trade show of the year Little Blink camera expands into whole-home security, for a price Now Trending CES 2017: What to expect at the biggest tech trade show of the year Olympus E-M1 Mark II review: the camera that warps time This Article has a component height of 3. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest TL;DR Web Culture My winter happy place is Sarah Jessica Parker’s weird, gross Instagram by Kaitlyn Tiffany Sarah Jessica Parker — America’s sweetheart, New York City’s mascot, relatable queen of cold-hearted romantic comedies, human vessel of Sex and the City’s omniscient tulle-loving narrator, mother of three, and guiding light to all — is an... New, 1 comment MIT study says 3,000 ride-sharing cars could replace every cab in New York City by Jordan Golson@jlgolson All 13,000 taxis in New York City could be replaced by a fleet of 3,000 ride-sharing cars if used exclusively for carpooling, according to research published today by MIT’s Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL). Instead... New, 7 comments Entertainment TV Culture Welcome to The Bachelor fantasy league: the only sport that matters by Kaitlyn Tiffany Love is a spectator sport where the players are also spectating. We gather friends around the Apple TV while we swipe through potential lovers on Tinder. We consider everyone we swap spit with fair game for public dissection, so long as they do... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker CES 2017 News Google Asus ZenFone AR revealed, the second Google Tango phone by Vlad Savov@vladsavov Every company tries to be the first with the biggest CES announcement, but Asus has been preempted today by hardware partner Qualcomm, which has revealed the upcoming ZenFone AR smartphone with Google Tango support. At the same, prolific leaker... New, 2 comments Microsoft Tech Windows 10 Creators Update expected to arrive in April by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is tentatively planning to release its next major Windows 10 update in April. MSPoweruser reports that the software giant is planning to finalize the feature set of the Creators Update by the end of the month, before starting to crush... New, 7 comments Get the new Verge CES 2017 shirt while you can! by Michael Moore Hello! I see you, too, are recovering nicely from all the New Year-ing. Good riddance to 2016 is what I say. Hmm? Ah yes, you’re here about the new Verge shirts. Of course, of course. They just arrived today, in fact! As I’m sure your discerning... New, 1 comment Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Lenovo Miix 510 vs Microsoft Surface Pro 4: Has… Lenovo Miix 510 vs Microsoft Surface Pro 4: Has the student become the master? By Tyler Lacoma — September 1, 2016 5:59 AM Subscribe Share Get our daily Tech News recap Mentioned here Microsoft Surface Pro 4 MSRP $1,299.00 DT Editors' Choice Learn More With the Lenovo Miix 510, a new 2-in-1 laptop is entering the business world. The sleek new system was unveiled by the system maker on Wednesday at the IFA 2016 show, and it sure has some exciting features — but how does it compare against current business models like Microsoft’s Surface Pro 4? Let’s find out. Read: Lenovo’s IFA 2016 lineup includes a laptop with virtual keys and a supercharged 2-in-1 Lenovo Miix 510 Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Dimensions  11.8 × 8.1 × 0.6 inches (with keyboard)  11.50 × 7.93 × 0.33 inches Weight  1.9 pounds (without keyboard)  1.69-1.73 pounds (without keyboard) Keyboard  Backlit, full size, removable, included  Backlit, full size, removable, not included Processor  6th Gen Intel Core i7  6th Gen Intel Core m3, i5, or i7 RAM  4G to 8GB 4GB to 16GB of RAM Graphics  Intel HD 520  Intel HD 515 to Intel Iris Display  12.2-inch IPS  12.3-inch PixelSense Resolution  FHD+ 1,920 × 1,200  Ultra HD 2,736 × 1,824 Storage  128 to 512GB of PCie SDD 128GB to 1TB SSD Networking  802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, optional 4G LTE  802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0 Ports  USB Type-C, USB 3.0, microSD, composite audio jack  USB 3.0, microSD, mini DisplayPort, cover port, SurfaceConnect, headset jack Webcam  Front 2-megapixel, back 5-megapixel  front 5-megapixel, back 8-megapixel Operating System Windows 10 Home  Windows 10 Pro Battery  7.5 to 8 hours  9 hours Price $600+  $900+ Availability Coming October 2016  Available in U.S. Review  Coming soon Read it here Specifications The Miix 510 is being heralded as a stronger alternative to the Surface 3, but as you can see, the best versions of the Surface Pro 4 tend to edge it out in terms of sheer power. The Pro 4 offers more upgrades with a higher ceiling for speed and storage, from 16GB of RAM to an Intel Iris GPU option. However, we’re talking about the most expensive, fully upgraded version of the Surface Pro 4, an option many buyers probably aren’t interested in choosing. Overall, the specs are similar, except that the Pro 4 tends to offer more customization. In the middle ranges, there’s not much to distinguish the two hybrids except the display—so let’s talk about it! Display Lenovo Miix 510 Both touchscreens are close to the same size and function in similar ways. However, the Miix 510 does something curious with resolution that we haven’t seen too much of yet—although it may become an increasingly common move in the laptop world. Its resolution isn’t quite ultra HD, but it does edge beyond full HD with what’s called “FHD+” that provides a 1,920 x 1,200 resolution. The Pro 4, meanwhile, offers an unusual 2,736 x 1,824 resolution. It’s difficult to notice the difference on such a small display and, as we’ll note later, that display brings up the price of the Pro 4 quite a bit. Unless you are very dedicated to art and graphic design, the Miix FHD+ display looks like the smart choice here. Related: Don’t pay $10 a month for Microsoft Office! Here are the best free alternatives Portability Portability is a total wash. Both laptops are around the same size, both laptops are 2-in-1s, and when you account for the keyboard, both have similar weights as well. Frankly, it’s even hard to tell which is which from a distance, if the color choices match up. You may also be interested to know that both laptops have kickstands for propping the laptops up on a table, and both kickstands have multiple position options. Really, it’s too competitive here to call either a winner. Connectivity Here the Miix 510 has an advantage by offering both Wi-Fi and, it appears, optional 4G LTE—this was largely confirmed at IFA. The Pro 4 cannot offer 4G services, which is pretty disappointing if you want a business computer that’s easy to travel with. When it comes to ports, we see some interesting differences. The Miix 510 is a newer computer and offers the USB 3.0 Type-C connection, which can handle the latest USB standards and provide power delivery if necessary. The Pro 4, on the other hand, is more media friendly than the Miix with mini DisplayPort, which is a great port for connecting to projectors, second screens, and a variety of current A/V devices. If you want a computer made for more traditional presentations, the Pro 4 is a better choice. If you need a device that is compatible with USB Type-C (an increasing necessity for the latest external devices and cutting edge A/V tech), go with the Miix. Design Again, with two computers that have so many of the same physical features, design isn’t really a deciding factor here. If you know what to expect from a 2-in-1 with a detachable keyboard, you won’t find any surprises with either model. However, it’s important to mention the stylus and keyboard options. Both the Miix 510 and the Surface Pro 4 have very sensitive, customizable stylus options for their laptops. The Pro 4 stylus, however, is included in the price, while the Miix 510 stylus is sold separately. The keyboard situation is the reverse. The keyboard is included with the Miix 510, but sold separately with the Pro 4. It’s difficult to know what this does to the cost, but it’s important to note that you probably need a keyboard, whereas the stylus may be more optional. Availability and price The Miix 510 is apparently going to hit the American market in October 2016. The starting price is expected to be $600. The Pro 4, meanwhile, starts at $900 for its lowest-spec model. That extremely pixel dense screen tends increases the price point here, which makes this an easy call in the Miix 510’s favor. Conclusion The Surface Pro 4 comes out swinging hard, but it stumbles several times against the newer features and lower price of the Miix 510. If you want power, go with the Pro 4. If you want affordability and adaptability, try the Miix 510. Also watch: Share
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> NAS Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel Storage GPUs SSDs Motherboards CPUs NVIDIA Mobile Systems Home> NAS Netgear Brings Broadwell-DE to COTS NAS Units with New 10G ReadyNAS Lineup by Ganesh T S on September 1, 2016 8:30 AM EST Posted in NAS Storage NetGear ReadyNAS Skylake Xeon-D 16 Comments | Add A Comment 16 Comments + Add A Comment Netgear's ReadyNAS lineup was updated towards the end of last year with some units based on the Annapurna Labs ARM-based SoCs. This year, Netgear is targeting SMBs, creative professionals and SMEs with a new set of desktop and rackmount units based on high-end Intel SoCs and CPUs. All of the new units run ReadyNAS OS 6 - the first COTS (commercial off-the-shelf) NAS operating system to come with support for the btrfs file system. At IFA 2016, Netgear is launching two new desktop models and two new rackmounts. All of the models, except for one of the rackmounts, come with native 10G capabilities. This goes well with the host of affordable 10G switches that Netgear has launched over the last couple of years. The desktop models are the most interesting from a platform viewpoint - the ReadyNAS 526X uses the Intel Pentium D-1508 2C/4T processor that comes under the Xeon-D 1500 lineup, and the ReadyNAS 626X uses the Intel Xeon D-1521 4C/8T processor. To our knowledge, these are the first COTS NAS units to use these Broadwell-DE (Xeon-D 1500) SoCs. The two units join the ReadyNAS 300 series units as part of Netgear's x86 ReadyNAS lineup. The important specifications of the two new units and how they compare with the other x86 units are provided below. On the rackmount side, Netgear has opted for the Skylake Xeons. The new units have 12 bays and come with quad 1G LAN ports. All of them have two mini-SAS ports for storage expansion. The ReadyNAS 3312 doesn't have any 10G ports, while the ReadyNAS 4312 has two. The 4312S has two optical SFP+ 10G interfaces, while the 4312X has two 10GBase-T ports. The only disappointing aspect is that the rackmount units don't come with support for SAS drives. In terms of software features, the btrfs implementation allows Netgear to enable seamless snapshotting capabilities and also offer bitrot protection. There are some value additions in the form of ReadyDR (disaster recovery) that allows block-level backup to / restore from another ReadyNAS unit in the LAN. Netgear also has the ReadyCLOUD service for seamless VPN access and private cloud capabilities. All the NAS models are available today. The diskless desktop versions come in at $1400 and $1800 for the RN526X and RN626X respectively. The diskless rackmounts are priced at $3000 (RN3312), $4200 (RN4312S) and $4400 (RN4312X). Netgear's decision to go with the Xeon-D SoC lineup has enabled them to create more efficient units (in terms of hardware) compared to the competition. The ReadyNAS OS 6 features are also in the process of getting tuned with customer feedback. Most important business requirements are already implemented, but competitors have a huge advantage, thanks to third-party apps. Features such as native virtualization (host OS capabilities) and containers (Docker) support enable the competitors' units to fully utilize all the available CPU cycles (once the core requirements related to file serving are met). The same can't be said of Netgear's current version of the ReadyNAS OS. However, for SMBs / SMEs with well-defined requirements / workloads, the new 10G-enabled ReadyNAS units definitely merit consideration, thanks to a combination of attractive pricing and possible reseller-dependent deals involving bundled 10G switches. Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 16 Comments View All Comments drajitshnew - Thursday, September 01, 2016 - link there is a new patch of the btrfs file system that allows multiple parity raid. I believe it is NOT compatible with the traditional raid 5 on btrfs. Do the net gear systems support that? Reply ganeshts - Thursday, September 01, 2016 - link I will check with Netgear, but, my guess is that it doesn't matter to them. They have taken btrfs and wrapped around their own X-RAID system on it. The upside is that they are insulated from patches like these that might break traditional systems. The downside is that not all btrfs features are available on these ReadyNAS systems. Reply mdgm - Thursday, September 01, 2016 - link We use mdadm RAID. You can easily see this looking at any of our OS6 units or looking at the VM. BTRFS RAID has had it's problems and to the best of my knowledge we have never used it. We use mdadm for the RAID with the BTRFS filesystem on top. The best RAID (mdadm) + the best filesystem (BTRFS) for Linux. Reply drajitshnew - Thursday, September 01, 2016 - link Is raid 6 bootable on these models? or do you have to keep a separate boot volume. Further, while I understand dual parity being sufficient for 6 bay systems, it would be nice to have triple parity on 12 bay + systems Reply mdgm - Thursday, September 01, 2016 - link The OS uses RAID-1. The OS volume is 4GB. This volume also contains the config and logs so it's important that we can read what's on it in as many cases as possible. On systems with four disks or more installed we use RAID-6 for swap and you are able to use it for the data volume if you wish. You can create multiple volumes if you want to e.g. two 6 disk RAID-6 volumes rather than one 12 disk RAID-6 volume. Reply noeldillabough - Thursday, September 01, 2016 - link I'm behind the times on 10Gbit networking...the prices were so high that it just wasn't practical however they're starting to come down enough. Will 10Gbit work over Cat6 cable? Can I connect them to a 1Gbit network for legacy devices? Back when I switched from 10 to 100 and then 100 to 1000 it was a huge boost but I'm not sure about 1000 - 10G... Reply ganeshts - Thursday, September 01, 2016 - link Yes, 10GBase-T is backward compatible with 1G. I have myself connected 10GBase-T ports on a server to a standard consumer router - like in the review here : http://www.anandtech.com/show/10592/evaluating-fut... : No issues with operation. You can get a 10GBASE-T-equipped NAS or server and migrate to a 10G switch at a later point in time. Reply mdgm - Thursday, September 01, 2016 - link It is backwards compatible with 1Gbit (1000Mbit), but not any slower ports. We expect very few would buy a business class NAS with 10G ports only to plug it into a 100Mbit switch that models over 10 years old would saturate. That would make little sense. RN626X and the rackmounts have 1G ports as well as 10G ports Reply mdgm - Thursday, September 01, 2016 - link So the RN626X and rackmounts can be connected to slower switch ports but only using the 1G ports on the NAS units. Reply GraffitiKnight - Thursday, September 01, 2016 - link "the first COTS (commercial off-the-shelf) NAS operating system to come with support for the btrfs file system" Synology added btrfs support with DSM 6.0, which was released in Beta last year and final in March. Reply 1 2 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News GIGABYTE's New Console: The 'Gaming GT' PC Launched with Core i7-K, GTX1080, TB3 ZOTAC Announces GeForce GTX 1080 for Mini-ITX PCs Oculus VR Acquires The Eye Tribe, Developer of Eye Tracking Technologies Thermaltake Adds RGB Lighting to Toughpower Grand Gold PSUs PNY Launches CS2030 SSDs: Phison PS5007-E7, MLC NAND, 2.8 GB/s Sharkoon Launches Rapid-Case USB 3.1 Type-C Storage Device DIY Kit South Korea Fines Qualcomm $865 Million for Anti-Trust Violations Kaby Lake Systems With Intel Optane SSDs Coming Soon Lenovo Updates The ThinkPad Lineup: New Models, Welcome Changes Lenovo Launches New ThinkPad Accessories: Docking And Displays Dell Readies New XPS 15: 4K, Quad-Core Kaby Lake, GeForce GTX 1050 Plextor to Demo Mainstream M8Se NVMe and 3D NAND-Based SSDs at CES TWEETS IanCutress: Trump logic: say you know something, announce a press conference, cancel it, never talk again. He's done it several times. IanCutress: @Dresdenboy @anandtech But meeting CEOs. Always fun to give a card that says 'Dr' IanCutress: Wat @JohnLegere, please fix https://t.co/n8SN1Afgrk ganeshts: @chippy Use JDownloader (free and open source) in a VM. Also gives full control over what one needs from a YouTube link ganeshts: @cablematters What is the best crimper / punchdown tool to use with your shielded Cat6a 1K ft. cable/24-port patch panel/keystone jacks? IanCutress: #CES2017 I'm 85% sure I packed business cards. Otherwise I have 3 for the week. IanCutress: @British_Airways The Android app has had this issue for over a year. https://t.co/6zfAUR5ZtN ganeshts: @DTheSleepless @BrettHowse What is the real rate you are getting? Even with 4x4, I have not been able to get past 800 Mbps TCP throughput. ganeshts: @FPiednoel Given the 2 grace months, extra billing in near future not likely. But, for sure, need to get rid of data caps for wired plans RyanSmithAT: AMD's GCN macro-architecture & Radeon HD 7970 turn 5 years old today. Man, how the time flies. https://t.co/ZYqd9D57Pk RyanSmithAT: @fivemack No, because then only paying customers would have been able to leave reviews RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse Save them.That way you can remember what they looked like in the past RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte Though at this point it's the OS (Windows) that concerns me more than the hardware RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte It'll be one of the first. We definitely won't have the luxury of being *too* picky until later in 2018 ganeshts: @SreekrishnanV @krishashok Netgear Orbi. But, for Indian houses with concrete/brick walls - hybrid sys (router + powerline Wi-Fi extenders) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> CPUs Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel Storage GPUs SSDs Motherboards CPUs NVIDIA Mobile Systems Home> CPUs Intel Quietly Launches Apollo Lake SoC: Goldmont CPU, 6 SKUs, 6 & 10 Watts by Ryan Smith on September 1, 2016 9:01 AM EST Posted in CPUs Intel Atom SOC Apollo Lake Goldmont Gen 9 69 Comments | Add A Comment 69 Comments + Add A Comment Earlier this week was the formal unveiling of Kaby Lake, Intel’s 7th generation Core CPU architecture. And while Kaby Lake was the focus of Intel’s efforts for obvious reasons, as it turns out it’s not the only processor family the company has launched this week. Taking off alongside Kaby Lake is its budget counterpart, Apollo Lake. Built off of the latest generation of Intel’s Atom-derived line of CPU cores, Goldmont, Apollo Lake is destined for low-cost devices such as basic 2-in-1s, laptops, and netbooks. In the saga that has been the life of Intel’s Atom processor development over the past 8 years, Apollo Lake comes in what’s best described as the dramatic, angsty years. Earlier this year Intel partially canceled the Broxton SoC. The de-facto flagship for Atom this generation, Broxton would have gone into modern smartphones and tablets. Instead Broxton was scaled back to just appearing in embedded products such as Joule. Instead, Apollo Lake would be the consumer flag bearer for this generation of Atom. Comparison of Intel's Atom SoC Platforms   Node Release Year Smartphone Tablet Netbook Notebook Saltwell 32 nm 2011 Medfield Clover Trail+ Clover Trail Cedar Trail Silvermont 22 nm 2013 Merrifield Moorefield Bay Trail-T Bay Trail-M/D Airmont 14 nm 2015 'Riverton' Cherry Trail-T Braswell Goldmont 14 nm 2016 Broxton (cancelled) Willow Trail (cancelled) Apollo Lake Apollo Lake is the successor to Braswell, and like its predecessor is a small die SoC designed to slot in below the Core architecture chips, to go into low-cost devices like netbooks. In terms of press announcements, Intel never gave Braswell a lot of attention; it received a similarly quiet launch in 2015. However it and Apollo Lake are still an important part of Intel’s chip lineup, enabling Intel to reach cheaper markets and better compete with non-traditional devices based around ARM SoCs. Apollo Lake has been on Intel’s roadmaps for a while now, and received a formal introduction (of sorts) at IDF Shenzhen earlier this year. While Intel didn’t go into exhaustive depth on the architecture, it was revealed that it would use the new Goldmont CPU core, the first architectural upgrade to the Atom line of CPU cores since Silvermont in 2013. Furthermore it would integrate a newer GPU design based on Intel’s Gen9 GPU, offering modern GPU features and better performance. Comparison of Intel's Entry-Level PC Platforms   Bay Trail-M/D Braswell Apollo Lake CPU Microarchitecture Silvermont Airmont Goldmont Core Count Up to 4 Graphics Architecture Gen 7 Gen8 Gen9 EU Count unknown 16/12 12/18 Multimedia Codecs MPEG-2 H.264 VC-1 WMV9 MPEG-2 H.264 VC-1 WMV9 HEVC (hybrid) VP9 (hybrid) H.264 VC-1 WMV9 HEVC VP9 Process Technology 22 nm 14 nm 14 nm Launch Q1 2014 Q1 2015 Q3 2016 What we didn’t know at the time was what the SKUs would be like and when they would launch. But with this week’s launch we finally have our answer. Apollo Lake is composed of 6 SKUs – 3 desktop and 3 mobile – running under the Pentium and Celeron brands. So without further ado, let’s look at the SKUs. The Chips Apollo Lake Desktop Lineup   Pentium J4205 Celeron J3455 Celeron J3355 Pentium J3710 (Braswell) Cores 4 4 2 4 Threads 4 4 2 4 Base CPU Freq. 1.5 GHz 1.5 GHz 2.0 GHz 1.6 GHz Turbo CPU Freq. 2.6 GHz 2.3 GHz 2.5 GHz 2.64 GHz CPU Architecture Goldmont Goldmont Goldmont Airmont iGPU HD 505 (Gen 9) HD 500 (Gen 9) HD 500 (Gen 9) HD 405 (Gen 8) EUs 18 12 12 16 Turbo iGPU Freq. 800 MHz 750 MHz 700 MHz 740 MHz TDP 10W 10W 10W 6.5W Max Memory 8GB 8GB 8GB 8GB PCIe 2.0 Lanes 6 6 6 4 Modern Standby (S0ix) Yes Yes Yes No Price $161 $107 $107 N/A We’ll start with the desktop parts, which are somewhat awkwardly split between the Pentium J4-series and the Celeron J3-series. Like the past generation, the Pentium is the highest performance, highest priced SKU. The CPU frequency tops out at 2.6GHz, and it features a full, 18EU HD Graphics 505 iGPU implementation, which itself maxes out at 800MHz. Of note here, along with the various architectural enhancements, Apollo Lake has a few other significant changes relative to the last-generation Braswell Pentium. The GPU EU count has been increased slightly from 16 EUs to 18 EUs. And the number of PCIe 2.0 lanes coming off of the chip for peripherals has been increased from 4 lanes to 6. However what has also increased is the TDP, which sees a 54% jump from 6.5W to 10W. As Apollo Lake is made on Intel’s 14nm manufacturing node like Braswell before it – and with there being no sign that it’s using the newer 14nm+ variant like Kaby Lake – Intel doesn’t get the benefit of a new node for this generation. Instead all of the architectural enhancements and performance gains relative to Braswell consume additional die space and power. As Intel has not briefed us on Apollo Lake it’s not clear just why power consumption has gone up like it has, but this may be a combo effect of the newer CPU and GPU. At the same time it’s worth noting that CPU clockspeeds have not changed and GPU clockspeeds have only increased slightly, so Apollo Lake’s performance benefits are almost entirely going to be derived from architectural enhancements and the overall wider iGPU. In practice I don’t expect this TDP increase to cause much trouble since these are desktop parts, but it is none the less a bit surprising to see. As for the cheaper Celeron parts, these are split between the 4 core J3455, and the 2 core J3355 (ed: why couldn’t this be 3255?). Both feature a scaled down HD Graphics 500 GPU with 12 EUs, and overall lower clockspeeds. The 2 core version gets you the better clockspeeds over the 4 core version, in particular shipping with a much higher 2.0GHz base clock. However it has the lowest GPU clockspeed of all 3 desktop SoCs. Apollo Lake Mobile Lineup   Pentium N4200 Celeron N3450 Celeron N3350 Pentium N3700 (Braswell) Cores 4 4 2 4 Threads 4 4 2 4 Base CPU Freq. 1.1 GHz 1.1 GHz 1.1 GHz 1.6 GHz Turbo CPU Freq. 2.5 GHz 2.2 GHz 2.4 GHz 2.4 GHz CPU Architecture Goldmont Goldmont Goldmont Airmont iGPU HD 505 (Gen 9) HD 500 (Gen 9) HD 500 (Gen 9) HD 405 (Gen 8) EUs 18 12 12 16 Turbo iGPU Freq. 750 MHz 700 MHz 650 MHz 700 MHz TDP 6W 6W 6W 6W Max Memory 8GB 8GB 8GB 8GB PCIe 2.0 Lanes 6 6 6 4 Modern Standby (S0ix) Yes Yes Yes No Price $161 $107 $107 $161 Meanwhile the mobile side, we see a very similar picture as with the desktop parts. Everything is clocked lower, otherwise the Pentium N4-series and Celeron N3-series share the same product differentiation. The Pentium is the only HD 505 GPU part, while the Celerons are split between 4 CPU cores and 2 CPU cores. I had to double-check this to make sure, but the much lower base CPU clock of the Pentium N4200 versus last year’s Braswell-based N3700 is not a typo; the mobile Pentium really has lost 500MHz at the base. Considering that all of these parts remain at 6W – avoiding the TDP increase of the desktop parts – it stands to reason that Intel had to cut back on the base clock in order to hit their TDP target. This makes the performance gains from the Goldmont architecture critical, as should the average clockspeeds be lower versus Braswell, then Goldmont needs to more than offset the loss in frequency. On that note, it’s also worth pointing out that Intel has not launched any 4W SKUs this time around, whereas Braswell launched with 1 such SKU. This means that the nominal TDP of all of the Apollo Lake mobile SKUs is higher than the 4.5W TDP of the new Kaby Lake Y-series processors (cTDP-Up withstanding). Actual power consumption is a bit more complex than this – so this doesn’t necessarily mean Apollo Lake draws more power on average – but it means that if you want a current-generation ultra-low power SoC from Intel, then your only option right now is to go with Kaby Lake. I believe that this means that we can also rule out Apollo Lake for traditional tablets. When Intel cancelled Broxton, they made it clear that this included Broxton for tablets as well; however it was unclear whether Apollo Lake could be stretched down to fill that role. Given these TDPs, it’s unlikely we’re going to see Apollo Lake in the kinds of tablets that Cherry Trail-T could go in. And this doesn’t even factor in other potential road blocks such as chip size (Apollo Lake has a wider 2D footprint) or any missing features for mobile devices that Broxton would have included. As this is the cheap Intel chip someone could still take a stab at it, but Intel is clearly trying to push partners towards 2-in-1s rather than simple tablets. Finally, though the desktop parts feature this as well, I think it’s more useful with the mobile parts to point out that Intel has added support for S0ix sleep states to the CPU. This was first introduced in the Atom architecture with Clovertrail, a smartphone/tablet SoC family, however this feature wasn't previously available with the more powerful desktop/mobile SoCs. S0ix states offer more flexible sleep states and improved idle power consumption. In terms of functionality, this is necessary for Apollo Lake to support Windows 10’s Modern Standby feature, something that Braswell wasn’t able to support. Performance Expectations Getting back to performance and architecture, because Intel hasn’t briefed the press on Apollo Lake, we unfortunately have very little to go on. In particular, Intel has not released much in the way of details on the Goldmont CPU architecture, so we still don’t know much about it other than previous announcements that it’s meant to be a significant upgrade from Silvermont/Airmont – being the Tock in the Atom CPU development roadmap. Just what Intel has done will have to remain a mystery for another day. On the GPU side of matters however, since Atom is inheriting the existing Gen9 GPU we’ve seen since Skylake, things are a lot clearer. Architecturally, Gen9 is not a radical departure from Gen8, but it’s none the less a more efficient and capable GPU architecture from Intel, supporting the more modern Direct3D Feature Level 12_1 feature set. Other, under the hood features like memory stream color compression mean that Gen9 can more efficiently use the limited memory bandwidth available on the SoC, which as we’ve seen elsewhere, can sometimes significantly improve GPU performance. Meanwhile on the media side of matters, the media encode and decode functionality is similarly upgraded, bringing it up to par with Skylake. Relative to its direct predecessor, Intel has gifted Apollo Lake with significantly better capabilities than Braswell, including full hardware acceleration for HEVC Main Profile (8-bit) and VP9 video decoding. This means Apollo Lake devices can now decode video encoded with the latest generation codecs for very little power, which will be important as more devices and services adopt these codecs. However potential HTPC users will want to note that HEVC Main10 support is not included, so Kaby Lake continues to have an edge for newer premium content services. Finally, as far as performance goes, Intel has released some basic numbers in their marketing materials. Apollo Lake Mobile Performance: Pentium N4200 vs. Pentium N3710 CPU Performance +30% GPU Performance +45% In comparing the mobile Pentium N4200 versus the most powerful mobile Braswell SOC, the Pentium N3710, Intel is promoting that the N4200 is 30% faster in SYSmark 2014. Meanwhile they’re reporting that the same setup is 45% faster with 3DMark Skydiver. On the CPU side, keeping in mind that the two chips have a maximum turbo clock within 60MHz of each other, the performance gains are significant. While it’s unclear if Intel keep memory bandwidth the same (Apollo Lake supports LPDDR4, Braswell does not), it either way hints that the Goldmont CPU core offers significantly higher IPC than the older Airmont CPU core. This is only one test – and from the manufacturer at that – but it will be interesting to see how well other benchmarks respond to Goldmont once we get our hands on Apollo Lake devices. At the same time, for performance to increase by 30% despite the much lower CPU base clock, this indicates that Intel is likely still coming out well ahead even if they had to pull back on frequencies a bit due to power consumption. As for the iGPU performance, a 45% increase is a combination of factors. Just by the raw numbers, the Apollo Lake Pentium has a 20% GPU throughput advantage due to its higher GPU turbo frequency and overall wider GPU configuration. At the same time this accounts for less half of the reported performance increase Intel is reporting. So we are also seeing the overall performance and efficiency improvements of the Gen9 GPU architecture in action. Wrapping things up, while this week marks the formal launch of Apollo Lake, it will be a bit longer before we see the first devices show up. The quiet nature of Atom launches means that there aren’t any devices on the market on day 1, so over the coming weeks we should see device announcements from the usual parties, ramping up in time for the holiday season. Source: FanlessTech Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 69 Comments View All Comments A5 - Thursday, September 01, 2016 - link I reckon the VP9 HW decode is the biggest feature most people would notice on this release. Youtube acceleration will help this class of device fairly significantly. Reply ddriver - Thursday, September 01, 2016 - link People who primarily use computers to watch stuff and primarily use their heads for balance and to wear hats will rejoice. I don't wear hats and can't help but wonder if the platform is not too limited in terms of IO. PCIe lanes are few, and bandwidth is low too, since it is ancient v2.0 (its from 2007!), with v4 incipient it is kind of odd to release a brand new platform stuck at 2.0. Reply ddriver - Thursday, September 01, 2016 - link I guess it is a measure to keep power usage low, since v3 switches to the more taxing 128b/130b encoding. Still, 3 GB/s theoretical outta be enough for fast storage and the generic platform peripherals, but discrete GPU seem out of the question. Reply Morawka - Thursday, September 01, 2016 - link yeah these cores were destined for embedded anyways. NAS, DAS, etc.. those markets will be interested in these the most. Reply ddriver - Thursday, September 01, 2016 - link I don't think so, the features clearly indicate the intended use is consumer applications. Reply fallaha56 - Thursday, September 01, 2016 - link except that if it's like skylake it's not real acceleration Reply lilmoe - Thursday, September 01, 2016 - link Atom, as Intel positions it, needs to die. Period. Cheating consumers using from market position abuse also needs to die. Reply lilmoe - Thursday, September 01, 2016 - link ***Cheating consumers and market position abuse also needs to die... Reply BlueBlazer - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link Without Intel's Atom and their "contra revenues", we would still be looking at $500+ x86-powered tablets. Examples http://www.anandtech.com/show/6522/the-clover-trai... (which uses Intel Atom) and http://liliputing.com/2011/12/bungbungame-launches... (which uses AMD Mullins). By bringing the prices of x86-powered tablets down (to very affordable levels), today even more powerful Intel Core-M tablets can be bought for $300+ or below. Reply TheinsanegamerN - Sunday, September 04, 2016 - link mind telling me where to get a new core M tablet when a single core M chip itself cost $280? The cheapest new ones I could find were around that $500 mark. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 6 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News GIGABYTE's New Console: The 'Gaming GT' PC Launched with Core i7-K, GTX1080, TB3 ZOTAC Announces GeForce GTX 1080 for Mini-ITX PCs Oculus VR Acquires The Eye Tribe, Developer of Eye Tracking Technologies Thermaltake Adds RGB Lighting to Toughpower Grand Gold PSUs PNY Launches CS2030 SSDs: Phison PS5007-E7, MLC NAND, 2.8 GB/s Sharkoon Launches Rapid-Case USB 3.1 Type-C Storage Device DIY Kit South Korea Fines Qualcomm $865 Million for Anti-Trust Violations Kaby Lake Systems With Intel Optane SSDs Coming Soon Lenovo Updates The ThinkPad Lineup: New Models, Welcome Changes Lenovo Launches New ThinkPad Accessories: Docking And Displays Dell Readies New XPS 15: 4K, Quad-Core Kaby Lake, GeForce GTX 1050 Plextor to Demo Mainstream M8Se NVMe and 3D NAND-Based SSDs at CES TWEETS IanCutress: Trump logic: say you know something, announce a press conference, cancel it, never talk again. He's done it several times. IanCutress: @Dresdenboy @anandtech But meeting CEOs. Always fun to give a card that says 'Dr' IanCutress: Wat @JohnLegere, please fix https://t.co/n8SN1Afgrk ganeshts: @chippy Use JDownloader (free and open source) in a VM. Also gives full control over what one needs from a YouTube link ganeshts: @cablematters What is the best crimper / punchdown tool to use with your shielded Cat6a 1K ft. cable/24-port patch panel/keystone jacks? IanCutress: #CES2017 I'm 85% sure I packed business cards. Otherwise I have 3 for the week. IanCutress: @British_Airways The Android app has had this issue for over a year. https://t.co/6zfAUR5ZtN ganeshts: @DTheSleepless @BrettHowse What is the real rate you are getting? Even with 4x4, I have not been able to get past 800 Mbps TCP throughput. ganeshts: @FPiednoel Given the 2 grace months, extra billing in near future not likely. But, for sure, need to get rid of data caps for wired plans RyanSmithAT: AMD's GCN macro-architecture & Radeon HD 7970 turn 5 years old today. Man, how the time flies. https://t.co/ZYqd9D57Pk RyanSmithAT: @fivemack No, because then only paying customers would have been able to leave reviews RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse Save them.That way you can remember what they looked like in the past RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte Though at this point it's the OS (Windows) that concerns me more than the hardware RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte It'll be one of the first. We definitely won't have the luxury of being *too* picky until later in 2018 ganeshts: @SreekrishnanV @krishashok Netgear Orbi. But, for Indian houses with concrete/brick walls - hybrid sys (router + powerline Wi-Fi extenders) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Share 96 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-02 ‘The Affair’ Season 3 On Showtime Recap, Which Character Is The Most Messed Up? [Spoilers] Entertainment 2017-01-02 Maddie Ziegler YouTube Channel Launched: ‘Dance Moms’ Star Says ‘It’s Gonna Be Really, Really Fun’ Entertainment 2017-01-01 Netflix News: What’s Leaving In January Entertainment 2017-01-01 Whose New Year’s Eve Meltdown Was More Entertaining, Don Lemon or Mariah Carey? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-02 Poll: Most Americans Don’t Think Donald Trump Can Prevent Scandal In His Administration News 2017-01-02 Oklahoma Earthquakes: Series Of Small Earthquakes Rattle Oklahoma Residents News 2017-01-02 Mugshot Model Jeremy Meeks Had An Amazing 2016 After Doing Time News 2017-01-02 The Real Story Of The Trump Draft Deferment: Did He Dodge The Draft With A Medical Excuse? Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Football 2017-01-02 The Chicago Bears Should Target These Three Players In The Offseason Wrestling 2017-01-02 WWE News: Alberto Del Rio Arrested After Fight In Austria Wrestling 2017-01-02 ‘WWE Raw’ Results: Goldberg On First-Ever ‘Kevin Owens Show’ & Reigns Vs. Jericho For US Title [Live Updates] Basketball 2017-01-02 NBA Trade Rumors: Avery Bradley To Lakers, Jahlil Okafor To Celtics, Jordan Clarkson To 76ers Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Health 2017-01-01 FDA Warns Pregnant Women Of High Rate Of False Positives For Zika Test: Less Than Half Of Positive ZIKV Detect Test Samples Actually Had Zika Health 2017-01-01 New Form Of Medical Marijuana Helps Treat Kids With Epilepsy Health 2016-12-31 What Is Intersex? Inside The Medical Condition That Is As Common As Red Hair Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Review Of Last Stand Datamine Leak Reveals PvP Control Points, Dark Zone Gameplay Events, And Leaderboard Checkpoints [Rumors] Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘The Celebrity Apprentice’ 2017 Spoilers: Which Contestants Are Rumored To Go Far In The New Season With Arnold Schwarzenegger? Gaming 2017-01-02 For ‘Destiny 2,’ Bungie Focuses On Improving Storytelling Gaming 2017-01-01 ‘Marvel Vs. Capcom Infinite’: Mega Man X Huge Part Of Cinematic Story Mode, Developers Reveal BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 IPhone Case Looks Like A Gun – Brings Warning To Public From Police [Photo] BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Mom Donates 18.5 Gallons Of Breastmilk Following Her Newborn’s Death, Claims Pumping Helped Her Heal BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Japanese Boy Band SMAP Quietly Disbands: Decision Not Unanimous, Indicates Agency Of Popular J-Pop Band That Was Together Since 1988 BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Trump Hates This Photo Of Himself On CNN’s ‘Unprecedented’ Book Cover: 25 Other Photos Trump Might Hate SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss ‘The Division’ Team Discusses Balancing The Game After Update 1.4, PTS Details In Today’s State Of The Game Gaming 96 0 0 September 1, 2016 ‘The Division’ Team Discusses Balancing The Game After Update 1.4, PTS Details In Today’s State Of The Game David Stonecipher During today’s maintenance for The Division, members of the game’s team sat down to answer a few questions in the state of the game address. The brief stream included many topics with a focus on update 1.4, the newly announced public test server, and some of the results from the first Agent Intel survey. The maintenance, which is now concluded, does not include patch notes or changes as it was a routine restart of the servers. In today’s stream, hosted on Twitch, The Division team touched on a few things related to update 1.4. No firm details on what will be included in the update were mentioned; however, it was reiterated that 1.4 would focus on improving core gameplay. It was also stated that update 1.4 will likely not include any type of game balancing since the entire game will be different with the update. Balancing will naturally come after the core gameplay is improved. Players can expect update 1.4 in October [Image via Ubisoft] Players will get their first glimpse of patch 1.4 for The Division when the public test server launches. The test server will go live with an early build of update 1.4, and PC players will be able to test these changes via Uplay. Public test server availability on Steam is something the team wants to include at a later date, too. Console player access to the public test server would be helpful; however, it is not likely due to the nature of those platforms and a developer’s access to them. Those looking to download and play on the public test server when it is available should expect a completely separate client around the same size as the live game. Moreover, the team did not have a date for when the public test server would be available, but a date is expected to be announced next week. Lastly, developers of The Division quickly mentioned that the results from the first Agent Intel survey were much in line with what was expected. Players do not seem to be using the Ballistic Shield ability while First Aid and Smart Cover are used quite often. More surveys and other player feedback will definitely be requested as update 1.4 draws nearer. Core gameplay changes will even affect the Underground DLC [Image via Ubisoft] The news from this week’s state of the game comes just days after it was announced that the next update will focus on fixing the game’s issues rather than releasing new content. Both the Survival and Last StandDLCs are being pushed back to later release dates in order to rectify some of The Division‘s biggest issues. According to the game’s official site, update 1.4 and other patches will address an array of bugs, make loot more rewarding, and adjust how long it takes to kill foes at high levels. Not to mention, developers of The Division want to make progress with quality-of-life changes like making weapon skins not take up precious inventory space. Developers of The Division are looking to the game’s players for aid in addressing some of these issues. In fact, that new Agent Intel section of the forums opened just last week after the team announced update 1.4’s focus. The Agent Intel section of the official forums queries players with crucial topics where their feedback will be used to shape the future of the game. Players can visit the Agent Intel forum section to provide lists of their most bothersome bugs as well as fill out provided surveys. New Agent Intel topic is up! We want to hear your thoughts on skills. Fill out the survey and join the conversation https://t.co/rRiIHcyX6Q — The Division (@TheDivisionGame) August 29, 2016 As The Inquisitr reported, the first survey was posted to the Agent Intel forums earlier this week in an effort to gather data on skill use. In the survey, players are asked to note how often they use each skill based on each skill’s mod options. Those that take the survey can choose between four frequencies on how much each skill mod is used giving developers a general view on which skills are popular and which ones might need attention in The Division. [Image via Ubisoft] Now Watch This: Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Now Read This: Samsung Galaxy S8 Leak Teases Continuum Feature For Next Flagship: Android/Chrome OS Hybrid On The Way? Share 96 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author David Stonecipher Tags: Massive Entertainment, PC, ps4, The Division game January 2, 2017 Billie Lourd Speaks Out Following Tragic Deaths Of Mother, Carrie Fisher, Grandmother, Debbie Reynolds January 2, 2017 Does Mariah Brown Have A Girlfriend? ‘Sister Wives’ Star Announces She’s Gay, Spends New Year’s In Ireland Comments LATEST HEADLINES Death By Selfie: Indian Student Killed In Front Of Oncoming Train, ‘Killfies’ Skyrocket Worldwide Jinger Duggar Baby Rumors Swirl, No Official Announcement Made Yet Waffle House Waitress Loses Job After Firing Warning Shot In The Air During Robbery ‘Missing Nine’ Upcoming K-Drama Premiere: MBC To Run Special Episode 6 Days Before Melodramatic Series Airs [Video] Victoria’s Secret Model Bridget Malcolm Poses Nearly Nude For ‘Playboy’ ‘Reality Steve’ Wrong About ‘Bachelor’ Nick Viall’s Final Pick? Who Really Gets Nick’s Final Rose? Jon Gosselin Spends New Year’s Eve With Half His Kids: What Did They Do? ‘The Affair’ Season 3 On Showtime Recap, Which Character Is The Most Messed Up? [Spoilers] Mick Jagger’s Daughter Georgia May Stars In Seductive Bonus Day Of ‘Love’ Magazine’s Advent Calendar Camila Cabello Gets The Last Laugh As She Thanks 2016 Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Julian Assange Has Confirmed That The U.S. Government Is Lying To The American People About Russia 34.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 37.4k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 52 0 0 Theo James Not Engaged To Girlfriend Ruth Kearney, Shailene Woodley And ‘Underworld’ Actor Say Goodbye To ‘Divergent’ Movies 2.6k 0 0 Bernie Sanders Tells Trump ‘Keep Your Promises’, Don’t Cut Social Security Or Medicare 2.4k 0 0 Delayed Kindergarten Enrollment Dramatically Reduces ADHD In Children, Study Shows 374.7k 0 0 Recent Videos Automotive Uber Removes Self Driving Cars In San Francisco One Week After Launching Science Scientist Creates Artificial Human Skin From Algae Technology Google Will Not Make Autonomous Cars Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
skip to main content Connects You To Jazz, Blues and NPR News Site Menu ♥ Donate Menu On The Air Playlist Schedule Listening Options News Arts Business Education Environment Food Law Politics Science Other News Jazz & Blues Jazz Blues Studio Sessions Jazz Northwest Jazz Caliente The New Cool School Of Jazz Jazz Night In America Jazz24 Ticket Giveaways Features BirdNote Food For Thought Going Places I Wonder Why ... ? Sound Effect Sports With Art Thiel Weather With Cliff Mass Quirksee Calendar View Upcoming Events Submit An Event Support Ways To Give Become A Sponsor Sponsor Spotlight Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube About About KNKX KNKX Staff Contact Us Careers Search Menu On The Air Playlist Schedule Listening Options News Arts Business Education Environment Food Law Politics Science Other News Jazz & Blues Jazz Blues Studio Sessions Jazz Northwest Jazz Caliente The New Cool School Of Jazz Jazz Night In America Jazz24 Ticket Giveaways Features BirdNote Food For Thought Going Places I Wonder Why ... ? Sound Effect Sports With Art Thiel Weather With Cliff Mass Quirksee Calendar View Upcoming Events Submit An Event Support Ways To Give Become A Sponsor Sponsor Spotlight Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube About About KNKX KNKX Staff Contact Us Careers Search Listen Live KNKX News & Jazz Jazz24 Mark Anderson's technology predictions for 2013 By Dave Meyer & Mark Anderson • Dec 25, 2012 TweetShareGoogle+Email Dave's cat had a hunch that this would be a good year for e-books Dave Meyer / KPLU Listen Listening... / 3:43 The Digital Future Strategic News Service publisher Mark Anderson is predicting 2013 will be a big year for tablet computing, e-books, and cars that drive themselves. Mark shares some of his predictions with KPLU's Dave Meyer on The Digital Future. Click on through to read the full list of 10 predictions. THEME: "MAJOR MARKET SHIFTS AGAINST A STABLE BACKGROUND" I.  "CarryAlongs" Dominate Global Computer Markets. This category of pads and slates takes its rightful place as the largest market segment of computing devices. Already the fastest-growing category for several years, the format and dominant market position comes to pass in 2013. II.  Intel: Long Live the King, the King is Dead. The chip royalty ladder is flipped, as Intel becomes increasingly irrelevant in the world of general computing, while CarryAlong and mobile chipmakers (led by Qualcomm and ARM) are the new William and Kate. For most observers, Intel in 2013 is a component supplier for servers. The best way out of this cul de sac: a new CEO with tech chops. III.  Net TV Dominates. A majority of US-based homes will have Net-connected TVs, with other developed nations quickly following as bandwidth allows. This change in distribution will begin to affect production in new and interesting ways, leading to more and cheaper content, of increasingly varying length and format. The straitjacket of Old TV slots, ads, and schedules is now off. IV.  The LTE vs. Fiber Battle Creates Regional Revolutions in Broadband. Customers choosing broadband LTE (Long Term Evolution) in DSL-served regions will be paying more and getting more; but those choosing LTE in fiber-served regions will be paying more for wireless broadband but getting less. The LTE vs. fiber fight will define the telecoms business-model battle for the coming decade. With LTE speeds scheduled to exceed cable and DSL wired speeds for many users, the question of price per MB will be inverted. Is it about MOB or MBS? This is the start of real revolutions in broadband pricing and provision. V.  Google Gets Its Mojo Back. Facebook is tired and nosy, Apple is Steve-less, Microsoft is Microsoft, and Amazon is the only other game in town. Google's efforts in email, video, smartphones, maps, and driverless cars open up new long-term expansion paths, with more to follow. With all its many failures, the company has proven it can find and plough new turf. In terms of creativity, Google becomes the next Apple. Now it must learn about product support or risk losing it all to competitors. VI.  The Driverless Car Becomes a Serious and Competitive Global Project, with multiple new states and countries passing laws to allow it, and major brands undertaking serious development of all the features that will one day lead to common acceptance. (Note: This prediction was written before Volvo's December 3 announcement.) VII.   e-Books Are The Books. Total e-book sales in dollars will beat adult paperback sales in 2013, and their differential growth rates will exceed 30%, as e-books continue their ramp toward dominating the entire market. VIII.  Enterprise IT Struggles to achieve very modest gains, with executive purchase decisions captured between large cash holdings, increased Asian competition, and their own poorly performing customers. Although "big data" is the marketing cry, vendors in this market will find a general reluctance to spend. 2013 looks like another defensive year, except for the security segment, with no serious enterprise Windows 8 adoption and not much else going on. The screws are already tightened. IX.  "Hacktivist" efforts acquire an important and permanent role in political transparency, moving from the level of annoyance to becoming an important, long-term part of the international political and security landscape. Nations and leaders hoping to hide the truth from their constituents will have to give up this option, paving the way for a new era in reluctantly open governments. X.  Supply Chain Security Becomes a Major Factor in Global Technology Purchases. Starting with the high-security risk offerings from Huawei, the feeling of cyber unease on the part of inventing nations grows, and has a material effect on vendor market share among countries that can afford to prioritize their infrastructure security over short-term price advantage. Recognition that today's supply chains are virtually all compromised will lead to plant relocations and a new set of business opportunities for onshore component makers. Tags:  The Digital Future predictions TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2017 KNKX Listening Options Contact Calendar Sponsorship
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: Categories IndyBest Sports & Fitness Cycling Panniers Electric bikes Balance bikes Folding bikes Bike lights Cycling bags Women's gear Running Men's gear Men's shoes Women's gear Women's shoes Sports bras Fitness equipment Home equipment Desk equipment Massage tools Yoga mats Women's gym bags Swimming Kids' swimwear Swimming aids Goggles Headphones Home & Garden Kitchen appliances Kettles Coffee capsule machines Juicers Stand mixers Microwaves Jug blenders Ice-cream makers Two-slice toasters Dishwashers Household appliances Steam cleaners Cooling fans Irons Pet vacuums Cordless vacuums Robot vacuums Lighting Bedside lamps Pendant lights Kids' lamps Power tools Pressure washers Grass trimmers Hedge trimmers Drills Furniture TV stands Desks Corner sofas Modular shelving Armchairs Bedroom Storage beds Student bedding Clothes rails Dressing tables Alarm clocks Air beds Baby beds Duvets Electric blankets Mattresses Bathroom Bathroom scales E-toothbrushes Bath towels Kitchen accessories Kitchen bins Knife sets Carving sets Kitchen scales Dining Pasta bowls Bar trolleys High chairs Glass tumblers Garden furniture Deck chairs Outdoor furniture Parasols Garden toys Trampolines Garden games Paddling pools Gardening Allotment essentials Harvesting tools Gardening tech Outside eating Picnic hampers Picnic bags Picnic blankets BBQs & accessories Gas barbecues Charcoal barbecues Barbecue accessories Kids Baby tech & essentials Baby monitors Baby walkers Baby beds High chairs Changing bags Play mats & gyms Pushchairs Pushchairs Double prams Travel Car seats Travel cots Clothing Pyjamas Autumn jackets Sports Swimming aids Swimwear Football boots Hiking boots School clothing & equipment School uniform Stationery sets Pencil cases School bags School shoes Toys & activities Childrens bikes Paddling pools Trampolines Outdoor games Action figures Board games Creative toys Gifts Baby shower gifts For 1-year-olds For 2-year-olds Play kitchens Books Books for babies Activity books Colouring books Furniture Children's beds Nursery furniture Kid's lamps Books Non-fiction Political biographies Shakespeare Feminist books History books Fiction Graphic novels Spy books Fantasy novels Book club reads Cookbooks Restaurant Vegetarian Student Free-from Children's Activity books Colouring books Activities & crafts Colouring books for adults Kids' activity books Kids' craft kits Creative toys Stationery Notebooks Stationery sets Pencil cases Travel & Outdoors Camping Sleeping bags Air beds Festival tents Family-sized tents Outdoor eating Camping cooking Picnic baskets Picnic rugs Picnic bags Hiking Backpacks Men's boots Women's boots Children's boots Women's jackets Men's jackets Walking trousers Flying Cabin luggage Flight accessories Travel books India Australia Fashion & Beauty Women's clothing High-waisted jeans Workwear Playsuits High-waisted shorts Women's shoes Ankle boots Women's accessories Bucket bags Wallets & purses Make-up bags Washbags Women's swimwear Swimsuits Swimwear for larger busts Lingerie Bralettes Shapewear Lingerie sets Women's nightwear Dressing gowns Slippers Men's shoes Trainers Summer shoes Men's grooming Deodorants Fragrances Beard oils Electric shavers Men's accessories Subscription boxes Cardholders Sunglasses Hair Straighteners Hairdryers Curling tongs Ethnic hair products Beauty Subscription boxes Tweezers Make-up Long-lasting make-up Organic make-up Foundations for olive skin Highlighters Make-up removers Make-up brushes Foundations for pale skin Skincare Moisture boosters Microbead-free body scrubs Organic moisturisers Serums Eye creams Food & Drink Cookbooks Student Free-from Restaurant Vegetarian Children's Barbecue Beer, cider & perry German beer American beer Fruit beer Foreign cider IPA Beer and cider subscription boxes British bottled cider European beer British beer Champagne, prosecco & sparkling wine Prosecco Champagne Champagne alternatives English sparkling wine Spirits Rum Tequila American whisky Gin Japanese whisky Single malt whisky Bourbon Wine Cabernet sauvignon Pinot noir Rosé Chardonnay Sauvignon blanc Orange wine Port Tempranillo wine Subscription boxes Recipe boxes BBQ meat boxes Food & drink subscriptions Meat boxes Chocolate Organic Fairtrade Dairy-free Gifts Cocktail kits British food hampers Baking Baking accessories for kids Baking essentials Bread-making tools Cake decorating tools Tech Cameras & accessories Instant cameras Advanced compact cameras Action cameras Laptops & tablets Laptops for students Laptop cases & bags Tablet cases Ebook readers Computer accessories Printers Tech for students Phones & accessories Smartphones Portable smartphone chargers Solar chargers iPhone cases Headphones Headphones for running Noise-cancelling headphones Headphones for music lovers Children's headphones Audio Soundbars Turntables Digital radios Multi-room speakers Bluetooth speakers Television 4K TVs Streaming boxes & sticks Video games & consoles PS4 games Xbox one games 3DS games We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Extras IndyBest Tech 10 best laptops for students Surf the web, store photos, watch movies – and do some uni work – with a strong, budget-friendly machine Kevin Bayliss Thursday 1 September 2016 10:29 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Whether it’s for checking Facebook, streaming a movie, or perhaps even writing an essay, we’ve rounded up the laptops which are more than capable of catering to a student’s needs.  However, before choosing your device, it’s probably worth making a list of features that are important to you. Do you really need a big screen? A 15-inch display may provide a better viewing experience, but it will also add weight and bulk. An 11-inch screen, though lighter, will inevitably mean a smaller laptop and a cramped keyboard. What about an optical drive for CDs and DVDs? Is battery life important? How about processing power, storage, speakers and software?  Read more 8 best tech for students 15 best student kitchen essentials And should your laptop be a Chromebook? They are extremely good value laptops running on Google’s Chrome operating system, and although designed to run when connected to the internet, most of the essential apps you’ll need also work offline. For working with documents, using the internet, sending emails, the apps on the Chrome OS platform perform just like traditional PC software – so do you really need Office when Google Docs will do?  Whatever you choose, don’t forget to shout: “Student discount!” 1. Lenovo ThinkPad 11e Chromebook: £264.70, Lenovo Tested against high pressure, humidity, vibration, high temperature, temperature shock, low pressure, low temperature and solar radiation – not forgetting dust and fungus, too – this laptop should handle even the worst student accommodation. With an 11.6-inch HD display and up to 12 hours’ battery life, this Chromebook is built like a tank, with toughened hinges, ports, and corners, and can withstand drops of up to 90cm – that’s more than bar table height.  Buy now 2. Lenovo Yoga 300 11-inch: £299.99, Lenovo The Yoga can contort through the full 360 degrees. It transforms from laptop, to stand, tent, then tablet mode where the 11-inch screen flips round against the body, utilising the touch screen display. Powered by the new Intel Pentium processor and packaged with Windows 10 Home, it also has surprisingly good connectivity for such a small machine, with three USB ports (one USB 3.0), a full-size ethernet port, HDMI socket and a full-size SD card slot. Buy now 3. Acer Chromebook 15.6-inch: £229.99, Currys  If you’re on a budget, a Chromebook is a great alternative to a Windows or Mac laptop. The compromise is usually a screen of 11 or 13 inches, but at 15.6 inches, this model claims to have the largest display of any Chromebook, and it’s available in full HD. Needless to say, a large display is great for movies, and with an IPS screen you can view from wide angles without distortion. But the size also means less clutter and scrolling when you actually get down to doing some serious work. Buy now 4. Dell Chromebook 11: £190.17, Amazon Liquid damage is the ruination of many laptops, so a Dell Chromebook 11 with a fully spill-proof keyboard will prove a smart choice for the more self-aware student. A rubberised base to absorb shock adds further protection from accidents, as does the optional scratch-resistant touch screen. The Intel Celeron processor and 4GB of RAM easily copes with browsing while streaming video at the same time, and has a battery life of over 10 hours. Buy now 5. HP 15.6-inch Intel Pentium 4GB 1TB Laptop: £269, Amazon Dragonfly Blue, Cardinal Red, Modern Gold, Sport Purple. No, not Farrow and Ball’s latest explorations in emulsion, but a visually exciting departure by HP from the usual black and silver colour schemes of most laptops. This is a more conventional Windows machine, with an HD screen, 1TB hard drive, Dual Core Intel Pentium processor, and all the connection ports you’ll need.   Buy now 6. HP Pavilion x2: £220, Argos The X2 transforms seamlessly between a tablet and a notebook by means of a nifty magnetic hinge that allows you to not only position the display in any position, but also detach the screen completely. Packaged with Windows 10 and an Intel processor, it’s also very quiet – there’s no need for a whirring fan. An IPS display gives you screen clarity from almost any angle. Buy now 7. Toshiba Satellite Click 10 LX0W: £280, Amazon With a battery life of over 14 hours, this unit will keep going for two whole working days (or perhaps a month’s work on some university courses). The press of a button detaches the screen enabling you to switch between a laptop and a tablet. It’s extremely light – just over 1kg in laptop mode, and half that in tablet mode. The full HD display has a viewing angle of almost 180 degrees, so it’s designed to be great for both work and play. Buy now 8. Asus X553SA: £300, John Lewis “Instant On”, a feature that revives from sleep mode to full functionality in two seconds (an attribute many students would wish for themselves) means you can immediately get back to what you were doing. Equipped with a 15.6-inch display and DVD drive, rare in this price bracket, the X553 is extremely well-specced for quality sound and visuals. Loaded with the Windows 8.1 operating system, upgradable to Windows 10, it’s a good all-round value laptop. Buy now 9. ASUS Vivobook E200HA: £190, Amazon Ultra-light, ultra-slim, and under £200 – if you’re searching for a budget-friendly Windows 10 notebook with decent battery life, then look no further. It also comes with a year’s subscription to Office 365 (Word, Outlook, Excel and PowerPoint plus others), and is capable of playing video for 13 hours. There’s an Atom Quad-Core processor, which provides the power to handle all your daily computing tasks. 32GB of storage gives you plenty of space for your favourite music, video, photo and data files. Buy now 10. Dell Inspiron 15.6-3552: £289, Tesco This Windows 10 machine is lightweight and slim. It comes with Windows 10 and a 1TB hard drive, which is more than enough storage for all your photos, music, video and work. There are dual-core and quad-core versions of the laptop available, and both cost less than £300. Buy now Verdict It’s possible to find a very capable multi-purpose laptop for under £300, and you may wonder why you would want to spend more. If you’re after a machine running Windows 10 and its related software, a terabyte of storage, with a DVD drive, a large HD screen with which to work and watch movies, then both the Asus X553SA and the Dell Inspiron 15.6-3552 will serve you well. However, with superb battery life, portability and durability, a Chromebook might well tick all your boxes. The indestructible Lenovo ThinkPad 11e (which, as Chromebook, will always have the latest software updated automatically, and for free), might just last forever. IndyBest product reviews are unbiased, independent advice you can trust. On some occasions, we earn revenue if you click the links and buy the products, but we never allow this to bias our coverage. The reviews are compiled through a mix of expert opinion and real-world testing More about: Gadgets and Tech laptops Student chromebook Windows Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Search (optional) LifestyleLifestyle Architecture Around The Home Children Collectibles Good Thinking Health & Wellbeing Holiday Destinations Outdoors Pets Remarkable People Sports Tiny Houses ScienceScience Biology Electronics Energy Environment Materials Medical Physics Quantum Computing Space TechnologyTechnology 3D Printing Computers Deals Digital Cameras Drones Games Home Entertainment Laptops Military Mobile Technology Music Robotics Smartwatches Telecommunications VR Wearables TransportTransport Aircraft Automotive Bicycles Marine Motorcycles Urban Transport Features Reviews Facebook Twitter RSS Flipboard Computers Acer Swift 7 laptop is the new king of thin Scott CollieSeptember 1st, 2016 10 pictures The Acer Swift 7 is less than 1 cm thick(Credit: Paul Ridden/New Atlas)View gallery - 10 images When Apple launched the Macbook, it immediately set tongues wagging with its super-slim chassis. Since then, the race to get thinner and lighter has really hotted up. The 10.4 mm (0.41 in) HP Spectre was labelled the world's slimmest laptop earlier this year, but Acer has used IFA 2016 to steal that crown with the 9.98 mm (0.39 in) Swift 7. Despite being less than 1 cm thick, the Swift 7 still looks solid on spec sheet. Power comes from a 7th Generation Intel i5 processor, coupled with up to 8 GB of RAM, and storage is handled by a 256 GB SSD. You can expect around 9 hours from the battery. Although you can buy an HP Spectre with an i5 processor and 256 GB of storage, it's also available with an Intel i7 processor and 512 GB of SSD storage if you're willing to pay. The Swift 7's 1.1 kg (2.48 lb) black-and-gold aluminum body sports a 13.3-inch screen Gorilla Glass screen, providing an extra degree of scratch and shatter resistance. Being slim and light does bring a few compromises, though, with ports usually being the first casualties. In this case, there are two USB-C ports – that's twice as many ports as you'll find on a Macbook, but it's still one less than you'd find on the HP Spectre. There's also no mention of a bundled USB-C hub like the one Zenbook 3 buyers get with their computer. Also packed into the body is a fingerprint scanner and a backlit keyboard is optional, while wireless connectivity is handled by twin 802.11 ac MU-MIMO Wi-Fi receivers. Pricing for the Swift 7 kicks off at US$999, and American buyers will be able to get their hands on one in October. It will be sold alongside the less expensive, less powerful, thicker Swift 5, Swift 3 and Swift 1. Check out Acer's launch video for the Swift 7 below. Source: Acer View gallery - 10 images Acer Swift 7 laptop is the new king of thin 1 / 10 Tags #IFA 2016 #Laptop #Acer #Intel Share this article Show 2 comments Recomended for you Latest in Computers Twitter CEO considers implementing an edit function Samsung to extend Quantum Dot Curved monitor line at CES Is ISP-level website blocking the right approach to combat piracy? The ethics of digitally resurrecting actors Search New Atlas Search (optional) Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Gizmag is now New Atlas Switch to Desktop Site
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Apple’s made-in-India iPhone: This is what makes Bengaluru so special By Anirudh Regidi 27   Comments BHIM app review: App for cashless payments launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi By Aditya Madanapalle 24   Comments BSNL offers unlimited local and STD calls for Rs 144 in new plan By tech2 News Staff 4   Comments BHIM app faces high server loads on launch day By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Apple sued by a family in US, claims FaceTime caused fatal car accident 2   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> IFA 2016: How much would you pay for Acer’s dual-GPU Predator laptop with 21-inch curved display? #Acer Predator 21X 0 By Anirudh Regidi /  01 Sep 2016 , 13:45 IFA 2016 is full of surprises and one such surprise is the Acer Predator 21X gaming laptop. Why is it surprising? It has a 21-inch, curved display, that’s why! The Acer Predator is a true beast of a machine. It packs in two, yes, two Nvidia GTX 1080 graphics cards and an Intel Kaby Lake CPU. The CPU model is yet unknown, but we’d guess that it will be something along the lines of an Intel 7700HQ, 45W mobile chipset. Intel is yet to announce a 7700HQ, but it’s coming in Q1 2017 and that’s also when the Acer Predator 21X is launching. The star of the show, the screen, is a 21-inch screen with a resolution of 2560×1440 (2K), and, as mentioned earlier, it’s curved. The screen also supports Nvidia’s G-Sync technology, which is a nice bonus for gamers. In addition to all of this, Acer is throwing in a Tobii eye-tracking module. For those unaware, the Tobii eye-tracker follows a user’s eye movement and translates that into the game as an independent axis. Games like Deus Ex: Human Revolution use this to great effect, allowing you to look at and interact with items without moving the mouse or changing your field of view. If that wasn’t enough, you also get a 4.2 audio system. Yes, as with the GPUs, you get two ‘woofers’. Acer didn’t scrimp out on the keyboard either. You get a keyboard with Cherry MX keys and the numpad can be reversed and made to double as a touchpad. The entire device is said to weigh 8kg at least. Acer is yet to reveal details on the device’s pricing. Tags: Acer, Acer 21-inch curved laptop screen, Acer Predator, Acer Predator 21X, Curved Screen, Dual GPU, Dual-1080, Gaming laptop, IFA 2016, laptop Also read IFA 2016: Asus announces ZenWatch 3 with a circular dial IFA 2016: Lenovo launches new devices including Yoga 910, Miix 510, Moto Z Play X LATEST Reviews From ‘The Witness’ to ‘Stardew Valley’: A list of the best indie games of 2016 Super Mario Run registrations finally open up on Android, but we wonder how many will actually buy it Windows 10 has a dormant ‘game mode’, but don’t get your hopes up just yet ‘Marvel vs Capcom: Infinite’ will arrive in late 2017, confirms publisher Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #BHIM Jan 2, 2017 BHIM App is the leader in the ‘Top Free Apps’ category on the Google Play Store #Nasa Jan 2, 2017 Nasa’s Neowise mission discovers a comet that may be visible from the first week of 2017 #Partnered Dec 29, 2016 Your guide to be a Selfie Expert #Samsung Jan 2, 2017 Samsung launches Galaxy A7, A5, A3 (2017) series smartphones with USB Type-C #presidential election Jan 2, 2017 US releases 13-page long analysis report detailing Russia’s role in presidential election hacking #Apple Jan 2, 2017 Apple’s parts supplier Wistron looking for permission to expand in Bengaluru SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides iPhone 8 Nintendo Switch Samsung Galaxy S8 MacBook Pro CES 2017 iOS 10.2 Reviews Lenovo Yoga 910 review Hands on: Lenovo Yoga 910 review Not yet rated By Kevin Lee Laptops and netbooks  Putting a 14-inch screen into a 13-inch laptop Shares What is a hands on review? Jump to Section: Best Price Comments Our Early Verdict Lenovo's flagship 2-in-1 laptop slims down while gaining an inch of screen real-estate in the most impressive model update this year. For Substantially larger screen Edgy looks Against Large chin (bottom bezel) After sticking with the same design for two years, Lenovo is giving the Yoga 900 a dramatic makeover and it's fair to say the Yoga 910 is completely different 2-in-1 laptop. Lenovo has tweaked or completely changed every element of its flagship convertible with everything including a slimmer chassis, larger 13.9-inch UHD screen, smaller bezels, revamped keyboard layout and the Intel 7th generation processors. However, all these little improvements have made the Lenovo Yoga 910 a slightly more expensive device starting at $1,299. But even with the higher price tag, this still feels like the best hybrid machine on the market. Design Lenovo claims the Yoga 910 the world's thinnest Intel Core i7 powered convertible measuring in at just 14.3mm thick (0.56 inches) – 0.6mm (0.02 inches) thinner than the Yoga 900. Along with dropping some extra bulk, this new hybrid has a new sleeker and sharper styling rather than the slightly curvy frame of yesteryear. The Lenovo Yoga 910 follows a starkly modern design with straight lines forming sharp angles including places you wouldn't expect such embellishment. For example, the top and bottom half of the notebook meet to a slightly indented V-shape and an even more prominent gap near the watchband hinge. The modern touches are a welcome change after seeing practically the same design for the last two years, but at the same time it feels like Lenovo went too far in certain respects. The leatherette interior was one of the most comfortable aspects of the Yoga 900 and now it has been replaced with cold aluminum sheet. Thanks to the slimmer design, you also lose Lenovo's full-sized USB-A charging port in exchange for the new USB-C standard. That said, there are plenty of new elements to enjoy here including the a newly added fingerprint reader and one of the most impressive screens ever seen on a 13-inch. Larger screen with none of the bulk The Dell XPS 13 and XPS 15 blew us away by packing full-size screen into smaller chassis, and now Lenovo is trying to capture the same magic with the Yoga 910. The display panel size has been bumped up to 13.9-inches and a new 4K resolution without drastically increasing the size of the chassis. In fact, this laptop features some of the thinnest bezels we've ever seen on a Lenovo device. This is thanks to slimming down the bezels along the top and sides while moving the webcam to the sizable chin beneath the screen. It effectively uses the same Infinity Screen layout first introduced by Dell and the only real discernable differences is Lenovo has placed the webcam in the center of the screen rather than off to the left. That said, the Yoga 910 uses its clever convertible abilities to avoid displaying a worm's-eye view during video calls. Users can simply switch the laptop into tent mode and have it sit on its front edges to have a video camera that meets them at eye-level. One downside to this new design is the bottom bezel is nearly two inches tall and largely featureless. Thanks to the webcam's positioning, Lenovo had to leave out a Windows button soft key, which would have added some much needed some flair to hybrid's extra-large chin. Everything is new Lenovo introduced plenty of other little tweaks here and there to make the Yoga 910 an even better laptop-tablet. The keyboard, for example, no longer has any of those annoying right-handed shortcut keys to get in the way of you hitting the enter key. Meanwhile, the trackpad is appreciably larger and there's even a newly added fingerprint reader to help get you signed through Windows Hello with a simple finger press. The Lenovo Yoga 910 features some bumped up specs including Intel's freshly announced Intel 7th generation processors with up to 1TB of PCIe SSD storage and 16GB of memory. Battery life has also seen a significant bump to 10.5 hours on UHD model and 15.5 hours with Full HD variants – but those are only estimates we plan to take to task. Early verdict The Lenovo Yoga 900 perfected the 2-in-1 laptop formula and now the Yoga 910 seeks to elevate the series to all new heights. There are plenty of welcome elements here including the larger screen, edgier design and revamped inputs. However, some of the changes aren't sitting well with us including the marginally higher price and the new bare metal keyboard deck. In the past the Yoga 900 series has blended a good mix of affordability with performance, but this latest iteration may skew things too far into the luxury category. We'll have to see how the other configurations stack up as well as how this machine performs before we can deliver our final verdict, but we're optimistic that Lenovo has knocked it out of the park once again. What is a hands on review? 'Hands on reviews' are a journalist's first impressions of a piece of kit based on spending some time with it. It may be just a few moments, or a few hours. The important thing is we have been able to play with it ourselves and can give you some sense of what it's like to use, even if it's only an embryonic view. For more information, see TechRadar's Reviews Guarantee. Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 CES 2017: All the news from the massive Las Vegas tech show 2 Best Apple Watch apps for your smartwatch in 2016 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 The 10 best 4K TVs of 2016 5 10 best wireless headphones available today 1 The 10 most disappointing games of 2016 2 Apple might have a plan to keep your AirPods in your ears 3 iOS 10.3 beta already? Here are the rumored iPhone and iPad features 4 Watch Tesla Autopilot mode predict and avoid a nasty car crash 5 The first LG G6 phone leak shows it’s back on the right path TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 02, 9:33 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Acer Unveils Predator 21X, First Top-End Gaming Laptop With Curved, 21-Inch Display By Ken Manbert Salcedo On 08/31/16 AT 9:31 PM Close Acer just announced a slew of new laptops during this year’s IFA conference in Berlin, Germany. One of the most talked about laptops at the event is the company’s new gaming laptop, the Predator 21X, which is the first laptop to feature a 21-inch curved display. The Acer Predator 21X’s curved IPS display has a resolution of 2,560 x 1,080. Inside, it is powered by Intel’s 7th-generation Kaby Lake processor and two Nvidia mobile GTX 1080 graphics cards with G-Sync tech for smooth gameplay frame rates, according to Digital Trends. It also houses four solid state drives. On paper, the laptop should be able to run AAA titles as fast or even faster than other high-end gaming laptops. The processor is believed to be a Kaby Lake quad-core 45W TDP chip, something that Intel intends to release during the first quarter of 2017. That’s around the same time the Predator 21X will be available to purchase, as pointed out by ArsTechnica. The whole thing is cooled with five system fans. Three of those fans are ultra-thing AeroBlade metal fans which should be effective in dissipating heat all throughout the 8 kilogram (17.6 pounds) gaming laptop. Related Stories Acer And Lenovo Unveil World's First USB-C Monitors Microsoft Strikes New Licensing Agreement With Lenovo The Predator 21X also comes with Tobii eye-tracking technology. The infrared sensors combined with the software will allow the screen to adapt to where the user is looking at while playing games. “Eye tracking also enhances the experience by providing infinite views whilst navigating treacherous paths and roads in a game,” Acer explained in a press release. The Predator 21X features a full-sized mechanical keyboard with customizable RGB backlighting. Photo: Acer The Predator 21X also comes with a full-sized mechanical keyboard that features Cherry MX switches. The mechanical keyboard has RGB backlighting which can be customized for each keys. The number pad can also be flipped over to turn it into the system’s trackpad. In terms of audio, the 21X features SoundPound 4.2+, which means it has 2 subwoofers and 4 speakers, with 3-way audio and Dolby Audio. Acer did not given an exact release date, nor did the company reveal the pricing for the Predator 21X. However, based on the laptop’s specifications and features, it should be pretty expensive. Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Samsung To Release Note 7 Probe Results Soon The South Korean company will reportedly make public the results of its investigation into the Note 7 battery fiasco before the end of January. Technology Is 'Mass Effect: Andromeda' Coming To The Nintendo Switch? “Mass Effect: Andromeda” producer Michael Gamble has revealed whether or not the game is coming to Nintendo’s upcoming console hybrid. World American Survived Istanbul Attack By 'Playing Dead' William Jacob Raak took a bullet and remained in place as a rampage went on around him. National Lake Erie Plane Crash Victim Was College Student Megan Casey was returning home with her family after seeing an NBA game when the plane she was flying in disappeared. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Sign in Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Tuesday, January 3, 2017 Sign in / Join SIGNUP TO BREAKING NEWS ALERTS LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password THISDAYLIVE Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Home Business Kwekowe: The Computer Adoption Campaign Will Boost Internet Access Kwekowe: The Computer Adoption Campaign Will Boost Internet Access September 1, 2016 0 539 Chris Kwekowe, Chief Executive Officer, SlateCube The Chief Executive Officer, SlateCube, Chris Kwekowe, spoke on the value of Intel’s computer adoption campaign, as well as the need to redesign the computer education curriculum in tertiary institutions. Emma Okonji presents the excerpts: You are a strong advocate of Intel’s campaign for computer adoption among Nigerians. What value is the campaign bringing to Nigeria? It is good to note that mobile penetration was successful in Nigeria because people could readily relate to how it was useful and important to their lives. I guess with more projects highlighting stories like ours and that of others, and how we have been able to actually impact people’s lives with a computer, a lot more people would be motivated to see the computer as that window to make ideas possible. So the current personal computer (PC) campaign by Intel Corporation, will not only add value to individuals, but will also add value to rapid technology growth of the country, because it will provide more people access to computers, thereby increasing access to the internet. So why did you choose to work with Intel on the PC adoption scheme? I chose to work with Intel on the PC adoption campaign because I know it is a good initiative that will enhance individual and collective growth. Again, Intel has become a global brand that people will want to identify with, having revolutionised the PC experience globally. They continue to pioneer ground-breaking innovations and research in this space. We are excited that they have reached out to us and involved us in this laudable project. They believe that the PC can open doors for Nigerians, and we are excited about the initiative because it is laudable. How laudable is this initiative? It is laudable because the campaign is targeting at the youths of this country, which are Nigeria’s biggest asset and not the natural resources like oil and gas that are already failing the country. Nigeria should believe in her youth and make efforts to develop them. Whatever is geared towards positively developing them is laudable and worthy of mentioning. Intel’s initiative fits perfectly into that narrative. What do your think are some of the challenges a student may face for not having personal computer? Generally, having a computer/laptop has moved from being a privilege to being a necessity. While our books are important, most of what we had been doing with the rest of our lives would revolve greatly around a PC, one way or another. Considering the fact that the most effective way to up-skill a large number of largely dispersed graduates and job seekers across Nigeria and the African continent, was most feasibly going to be through the internet, it was pretty daunting to find out that a large number of this target market lacked their own PCs and Laptops, and even in cases where they could afford them, they would rather stick to their mobile devices. What advice do you have for Nigerian youths in the area of computer skills acquisition? It is pretty difficult to imagine people would feel comfortable without being computer literate or having computer skills. That is generally what gives people the edge. The youths who did not study Computer Science in school can actually learn and acquire the skills on their own. Best of, they can get in touch with us at SlateCube. We have free sessions on computer training. It is really never late to begin. How easy it is to sign up on SlateCube? It’s pretty easy. Visit www.slatecube.com and click the signup button. Since large population of internet users are on Facebook, we integrate the signup process with Facebook so all you have to do next is click the “Sign up with Facebook” button. You get access to over 300 professional courses cutting across Business, Technology, Finance, Media, and Sales. All courses are free. Best performing students are then qualified to enroll for the SlateCube iDeaLabs programme, which is a paid residential programme that further develops SlateCubers, pairs them with international professionals for mentoring, connects them to local startups for experience, and places them into companies globally for paid virtual internships, before eventually matching them with recruiters for jobs, or helping them start and scale viable businesses. How do you balance computer knowledge with Job acquisition? Truth must be told at all times. All facet of human endeavor depend on a computer-based utility to be productive. Hence, the fastest way a job candidate can distinguish themselves is by not just having the required grades, but also having accompanying skills, as well as being proficient with a computer. What makes SlateCube different from other learning platforms? We believe that knowledge should not just end at the acquisition stage, but should be used to solve the challenges in our communities. That’s why SlateCube goes beyond just a learning platform, it is a pipeline that helps Africans build skills from some of the best schools in the world, connects them to internships in leading local and international startups and established companies so they can build experience, and then matches them with well paying organisations across the globe. There is huge gap between computer skills thought in tertiary institutions and skills needed in the labour market. How can SlateCube solution bridge the skills gap? SlateCube partners with some of the best institutions like MIT and Harvard in the United States to provide industry relevant trainings designed to develop African talents into world-class professionals. Also, we believe in experience, however, since Nigerians are disperse based on different geographical locations, we offer virtual internships that ensure that SlateCubers work remotely with startups or established business anywhere in the world through a PC so they can build experience and connect with established professionals real time, and on real projects. Employers of labour spend so much money and time retraining young school graduates after employment because they lack the required technology skills for the job. How can the anomaly be addressed? Truth be told, our universities have a lot going for them and unfortunately haven’t really revised the technology curriculum to a point where they actually develop technology graduates fit for today’s job market. In order to stop, or at least reduce this sad reality, we offer our trainings in partnership with technology experts in order to ensure that skills taught on our platform, and majorly during our residential programme, are both industry relevant, practical and project driven. Learning shouldn’t stop at lecture rooms. We believe learning should involve, building a project to test comprehension, work/internships to gain experience, and finally impact driven so that learners have a sense of purpose and responsibility rather than entitlement. Do you agree with the public outcry for a change in computer study curriculum at tertiary institutions. What should be the direction of change, if you were to advise school authorities and government? Schools should work more closely with innovation and tech hubs to allow for experiential knowledge transfer. Also, the languages being taught in schools should be reviewed. Sadly, hardly any school is doing anything along the lines of Big Data/Data Science, and Virtual/Augmented Reality. Schools bombard students with way too many irrelevant courses. These need to be revised. What are the industry skills and experience relevant for a Job seeker? There are tons of skills and experience relevant for job seekers in today’s Job market. However, most of them are pretty specific to what exactly you are applying for. We have seen however that, soft skills like presentation, conflict management, computer literacy, among others are common place whenever companies look to recruit talents. How can the knowledge of computer help youths start their own business? Long story. Slatecube is a technology company. It won’t be as effective if it was simply a school. We developed the entire process from designing the structure and data scheme of the platform to implementing the codes, and designing the graphics and layout, all through a computer. The good thing is, even without the required capital, the joy that we could pull out what we had in our heads and make it real with our computers, always got us going. Could you share your thoughts on the new trends in the tech industry in Nigeria today? I’m pretty impressed at how tech has presented a huge opportunity for young people in Nigeria. The presence of incubators and labs as well as accelerator programmes are pretty laudable. My major concern, and the concern of most startups in Nigeria is the difficulty at accessing capital to scale. We had to bootstrap our way into raising enough to run a proof of concept. With difficulty in accessing capital, most young entrepreneurs simply get frustrated and resort to other alternatives. How would you count the success achieved by SlateCube so far? SlateCube has been in existence for 2 years now. In this period, we’ve maintained an 80 per cent success rate in converting unskilled graduates into world class professionals and matching them with well paying jobs. About 10 per cent of our testers have gone on to start their own business and also got access to funding between $5,000 to $10,000. In 2015, we became the first ever Nigerian winners of the Anzisha Prize, an award by the African Leadership Academy and the MasterCard foundation that celebrates Africa’s youngest and brightest entrepreneurs. We also presented the SlateCube model at the African Union during the e-Learning Africa Conference, as well as in Germany at the Online Educe Conference. In 2016, we were invited by President Barack Obama to attend and present at the Global Entrepreneurship Summit at the Silicon Valley. I was also inducted into the Harambe Entrepreneur Alliance. I also had the privilege of sitting and talking with Bill Gates last month, about our work at SlateCube, and how I think he should be more focused at investing in startups than solely giving out funds to charity. Previous articleDriving Brand Loyalty through Sponsorship Next articleIndigenous Vs Foreign Software: The Remita Factor Online Editor RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Business Why NNPC May Cancel Olokola LNG Project in Ogun, Ondo States Business Production from Nigeria’s OML 18 Excites San Leon Business SON Tasks Technical Partners on Quality Imports 974,641FansLike 694,694FollowersFollow Latest News Renard Names Strong Morocco Squad January 3, 2017 Mazembe Coach Departs for Tunisia January 3, 2017 Man Utd Levels on Point with Tottenham in Fifth-place January 3, 2017 Defoe Scores Two Penalties as Sunderland Holds Liverpool January 3, 2017 Middlesbrough, Leicester Share Points January 3, 2017 THISDAY Today (Download) Download Monday 2nd January 2017 January 3, 2017 0 Recent Comments William Norris on Let’s Discuss Interest Rates Gary on Ibori and the British Legal System Modupe Odusanya on Why NNPC May Cancel Olokola LNG Project in Ogun, Ondo States Busola Olamuyiwa on Tony Rapu at 60: Portrait of a Reformer WJasper on Melaye: Nobody Can Undermine My Leadership in Kogi APC THISDAY STYLE LAWYER ‘I haven’t failed’ against Boko Haram Nigeria Al Jazeera: Muhammadu Buhari: ‘I haven’t failed’ against Boko Haram March 6, 2016 27 MOST COMMENTED Nigeria WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 416 Davidson Iriekpen President Muhammadu Buhari has appealed the ruling of Justice Adeniyi Ademola of the Federal High Court in Abuja who on May 26, 2016... Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 LATEST Renard Names Strong Morocco Squad January 3, 2017 Mazembe Coach Departs for Tunisia January 3, 2017 Man Utd Levels on Point with Tottenham in Fifth-place January 3, 2017 Defoe Scores Two Penalties as Sunderland Holds Liverpool January 3, 2017 Middlesbrough, Leicester Share Points January 3, 2017 MOST COMMENTED WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 416 Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 ABOUT USFounded on January 22, 1995, THISDAY is published by THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD., 35 Creek Road Apapa, Lagos, Nigeria with offices in 36 states of Nigeria , the Federal Capital Territory and around the world. It is Nigeria's most authoritative news media available on all platforms for the political, business, professional and diplomatic elite and broader middle classes while serving as the meeting point of new ideas, culture and technology for the aspirationals and millennials. The newspaper is a public trust dedicated to the pursuit of truth and reason covering a range of issues from breaking news to politics, business, the markets, the arts, sports and community to the crossroads of people and society. Contact us: hello@thisdaylive.com FOLLOW US About Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware Mobile Computing Razer updates Blade, Blade Stealth laptops with Pascal and Kaby Lake By Jose Vilches on Sep 2, 2016, 10:45 AM 15 comments TechSpot The 2016 Razer Blade was already an excellent contender for anyone looking for a sleek and lightweight gaming notebook. It has a beautiful, high-resolution display, a stunning chassis that’s both thin and light, Thunderbolt 3 with USB Type C connector, and can support an external desktop GPU via Razer Core. It did, however, use an Nvidia 9 Series mobile GPU for graphics at a time when a new generation was just around the corner. Today the company is refreshing the Blade with a Pascal-based GeForce GTX 1060 graphics card and a new 1TB storage option. Razer claims the GPU upgrade should offer a performance increase of more than 40% compared to the previous generation. There is no Intel 7th generation option as there are no mobile quad-core Kaby Lake chips yet. Starting at $1,799 for the 14” Full HD (1920 x 1080) matte display option and $2,099 if you opt for the QHD+ (3200 x 1800) IGZO panel, the Razer Blade comes standard with a Skylake Core i7-6700HQ processor with Intel HD Graphics 530, 16GB of DDR4 dual-channel memory, the aforementioned GTX 1060 and a 256GB SSD. Other than that the 14-inch Razer Blade is pretty much the same great thin gaming laptop, with the same colorful Chroma keyboard and 70 watt-hour battery. The updated Razer Blade can be preordered today for delivery in October. Razer is also updating the Blade Stealth, the company’s first ultrabook which made its debut at CES in January. Headlining the new changes is a new 7th generation 2.7GHz Intel Core i7-7500U processor with Intel HD 620 graphics and a larger battery that should provide up to 9 hours of usable battery life according to the company. The base model starts at $999 and comes with a 2,560 x 1440 QHD IGZO touch display, 8GB of RAM and 128GB of SSD storage, but now you also have the option to get twice as much RAM, and up to 512GB of solid state storage. A 4K variant is also available priced at $1,599 with a 512GB SSD or $1,999 with a full terabyte of solid state storage. Although the Blade Stealth is billed as an ultrabook and not a gaming powerhouse on its own, it is also compatible with the Razer Core external GPU housing via Thunderbolt 3. Related Reads Razer launches Blade Stealth laptop with external graphics card support Leaked roadmap reveals Intel's plans for Kaby Lake, Apollo Lake-powered NUCs 15 comments 167 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Dell unveils a 2-in-1 version of its excellent XPS 13 laptop Corsair Force MP500 480GB Review Refreshed ThinkPads feature Kaby Lake CPUs and Optane SSDs Popular 29 comments Trump wants to use couriers for important messages because "no computer is safe" Corsair Force MP500 480GB Review 19 comments Evidence of Russian malware found on Vermont utility computer Pioneer the next gaming hit with 26 hours of Unity3D training Load Comments 15 ... User Comments: 15 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 7 Need advice for desktop audio system 18 Removing "line in" echo from Realtek HD Audio output (if it is not a sound effect) 19 Is my PC good for gaming? 60 What was the last piece of PC hardware you bought? 7 Budget Build Feedback Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
null
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Future iMacs Supporting Intel's 7th Gen Core will usher in Immersive Internet Era | Main | Apple Files Amicus Brief Supporting Microsoft's Lawsuit over the Government's use of 'Indefinite Duration Gag Orders' » September 02, 2016 Apple's "Peek and Pop" is now a Registered Trademark   Just as Apple is about to introduce the iPhone 7, the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office granted Apple's latest registered trademark for "Peek and Pop," their 2015 iPhone 6s 3D multi-touch feature. The next generation of multi-touch allows users to dip in and out of content without losing their place. User's simply press lightly to Peek at a photo, email, web page or other content, and press a little deeper to Pop into the content itself. Apple filed for their trademark on the day it was announced, September 9, 2015.         Apple's Peek and Pop RTM was filed under International Class 009 covering the following description:   "Computers; computer peripherals; computer hardware; hand held computers; tablet computers; handheld digital electronic devices capable of providing access to the Internet and for the sending, receiving, and storing of telephone calls, electronic mail, and other digital data; mobile phones; wireless communication devices for voice, data or image transmission; computer software; computer software for use in connection with hand held computers and tablet computers; computer software for setting up, configuring, operating and controlling mobile devices, mobile phones, computers, and computer peripherals; computer software for accessing, monitoring, searching, displaying, reading, recommending, sharing, and organizing news, sports, weather, commentary, and other information, content from periodicals, blogs, and websites, and other text, data, graphics, images, audio, video, and multimedia content; computer software for use in manipulating, and reviewing text, data, graphics, images, audio, video, and multimedia content."   Next week Apple will introduce the iPhone 7 that is bound to introduce new software and hardware features that will carry new trademarks. One of the new ones will likely be for their next-gen 3D iSight camera. Any guesses for what they'll call it? Send in your comments below.   About Comments: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on September 02, 2016 at 02:40 PM in 4. Trademark, Design | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Note7 Probe Results due this Month While Samsung Admits that Growth will lag in 2017 Due to Tough Competition Apple's Chief Israeli Officer Appointed to Run the Israeli Government's 'Innovation Authority' Apple Partnered with Photographers to Capture New Year's Celebrations from around the World on iPhone 7 Apple's Normal Order Management after Christmas seems to have Falsely Alarmed Seasoned News Sites Foxconn Reaching Full Robotic Production Automation for All-in-One PC's and Advancing to other Products every Year Production of Apple's AirPods goes into High Gear in Multiple Shanghai Plants to Meet Consumer Demand Family Sues Apple for not using a patented iOS Feature Designed to shut Off Certain Apps while Driving In Apple's Wearable Device Universe you'll one day wear a Mini iPhone, iPod or Medical Device on your Wrist Apple Advances the Concept of the Apple Watch's Digital Crown Coming to all iDevices eventually Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and... Happy New Year firework wallpapers The top stories of the week on iDB How to use AirPods like a pro   skip to main content skip to main menu     What we’re expecting from Apple’s September 7 event By Christian Zibreg, Sep 2, 2016 Tweet 8 Comments Apple is hosting a special media event on September 7 at San Francisco’s Bill Graham Civic Auditorium at 10am PT. As always, we’ll be covering the latest in Apple’s big fall refresh thoroughly here at iDB. Of course, the iPhone 7 will be the event’s biggest story, but we’re also hoping to see other hardware refreshes, accessories and related products come into full view next Wednesday. Here’s everything we think Apple could introduce come September 7, plus some of the things we’d like them to announce but they probably won’t (yet). iPhone 7 Expectations for Apple’s iPhone refresh are tepid as the forthcoming phone appears to be an incremental upgrade versus the iPhone 6s. The biggest visual difference: updated antenna lines on the backside, now visible only at the top and bottom edges of the device. Aside from the subdued antenna seams, the iPhone 7 is thought to borrow the industrial design that Apple has used for the past two years, making the new phones virtually indistinguishable at first glance from the iPhone 6/6s design. On the inside, however, the iPhone 7 is said to pack in more improvements than meets the eye. An Apple-designed ‘A10’ system-on-a-chip fabbed on TSMC’s ten-nanometer process will speed up CPU and GPU performance versus last year’s A9 chip inside the iPhone 6s, while consuming less power. Furthermore, the A10 will probably integrate an embedded ‘M10’ motion coprocessor that may for may not draw less power in ‘Hey Siri’ mode while potentially powering new tracking features. The 4.7-inch iPhone 7 is said to include two gigabytes of LPDDR4 RAM (like the iPhone 6s) while the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus could use three gigabytes of RAM due to its dual-lens camera processing more data. Both phones may come with a slightly larger earpiece and relocated proximity sensor. The new phones are said to be outfitted with stronger batteries. That said, it’s unclear if more juice will equal extended run time but even the modest improvement in that regard will be much appreciated. The iPhone 7 range should have the same display resolution as Apple’s current Retina and Retina HD screens on the iPhone 6/6s and iPhone 6 Plus/6s Plus. The back cameras are said to be better, with the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus getting a dual-lens camera system allowing for better low-light performance and features like true optical zoom and more accurate colors while the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 is said to gain optical image stabilization. For what it’s worth, we’re not expecting any increase in megapixels, but that protruding lens should be more bearable thanks to the cameras’ curved design. Both phones are thought to have a non-moving digital Home button with haptic feedback. The headphone jack is widely expected to disappear from the next iPhone—but, it’s not clear whether or not the removal of the 3.5mm analog audio port paves the way for stereo speakers. Even without the 3.55mm jack, the iPhone 7 will support Bluetooth headphones and wired ones based on Lightning I/O. Dubious iPhone 7 packaging photos have indicated that the handset could ship with a wireless version of Apple’s EarPods, likely to be called AirPods Wireless Earphones, and a 3.5mm to Lightning adapter so that folks can connect their “legacy” headphones to the iPhone 7 without buying a standalone adapter. We believe the phones will start out at 32 gigabytes of storage as Apple finally kills off the oft-criticized 16GB iPhone tier. A model with 256 gigabytes of storage is in the cards, too, providing twice as much on-device storage versus current 128GB iPhones. When it comes to the finishes, some new colorways might join, or replace some of Apple’s current Gold, Rose Gold, Silver and Space Gray options. These might include a Darth Vader-like Glossy Black and either a Deep Blue or an Apple Watch Space Black-like Space Black colorway. The Cupertino firm should begin taking pre-orders for the iPhone 7 on Friday, September 9, with shipments probably commencing two weeks later on September 25. As is Apple’s won’t, we’re not expecting a price increase for the new iPhones: the iPhone 7 should cost the same as the iPhone 6s. And by the time the latest iPhones arrive, the iPhone 6s and older models (but not the already affordable iPhone SE) should see their prices slashed. Apple Watch 2 It’s been nearly a year and a half since the original Apple Watch debuted in April 2015 so it’s obvious that Apple’s wearable is not on the same annual refresh cycle as iPhones and iPads are. Be that as it may, we think the September 7 event could also serve as a launchpad for a second-generation Apple Watch 2—more so given the Apple Watch 2 will still require an iPhone to function. Most of use here at iDownloadBlog are in agreement that the Apple Watch 2 will run Apple’s ‘S2’ chip built on TSMC’s 16-nanometer process, have a thinner and lighter display and a bigger battery potentially giving it a few more hours of run time. We’re also pretty sure the gizmo will be more waterproof than the original device, track swimming and provide more accurate workout readings without its paired iPhone thanks to the included GPS. New sensors (like barometer for improved elevation and geolocation capabilities) could also be in the offing. There are some things we think didn’t make the cut for the second-generation refresh of the Apple Watch, namely such features as a built-in FaceTime camera (who cares? videoconferencing from the wrist doesn’t seem like a must-have feature), a sharper screen (it’s already sharp) or LTE connectivity (because cellular data transfers deplete most tiny smartwatch batteries far too quickly). Some new bands in a plethora of colors/materials, you say. Definitely possible, we say. If you believe analysts, the original Apple Watch could also be updated with a faster S2 chip and slightly improved waterproofing, but don’t expect any visible changes to its form factor or appearance. iPads Reports of the iPad’s fall refresh are inconclusive and sketchy, at best. Some sources have called for a second-generation iPad Pro along with a third-generation iPad Air in September. Others have claimed that Apple won’t be updating its tablet lineup before 2017. As there has been virtually no iPad-related leaks in the past few months, it is our speculation that any new iPads would deserve a separate event in October (less likely) or in Spring 2017 (definitely more likely). For what it’s worth, perhaps the most reliable Apple analyst out there, Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, recently predicted that 2017 will be the year of a brand new 10.5-inch iPad Pro model, a second-generation 12.9-inch iPad Pro and a low-cost 9.7-inch iPad. New Macs Most of the Macs sold, especially the three-years-old Mac Pro, are ripe for a refresh. We think there’s a reasonable likelihood that we’ll see some new Macs announced at the iPhone 7 presser. That’s mainly due to some solid sources stating Apple no longer wishes to hold two events in the fall—iPhones in September, with iPads, Macs and other related hardware like the Apple TV in October. No matter how you look at it, Apple will disservice fans by delaying new Macs into 2017. The key issue potentially holding back new Macs: Intel. As the world has witnessed, Skylake chips have been plagued with reliability issues related to overheating so good thing Apple hasn’t bet on the SkyLake platform. Earlier this week, however, Intel announced first Y and U-series chips based on a seventh-generation Core architecture code-named Kaby Lake. These new chips would be perfect for Mac notebooks and iMacs (their desktop counterparts won’t be available in volume until 2017). Due to these uncertainties and Intel’s increasingly unreliable roadmap, we really cannot predict whether new Mac hardware built around these processors could get unveiled this or next month, or in 2017. If you asked us to speculate, we’d say Apple could get away with giving us a glimpse of some of the upgraded Mac systems (like notebooks) at the September 7 event. Such a move would be similar to how the company previewed the overhauled Mac Pro in the summer of 2013. Apple could then advertise any previewed new Macs with a vague “late 2016” or “early 2017” shipping date and collect pre-orders ahead of the all-important holiday shopping season. The refreshed Mac lineup most certainly includes new versions of the all-in-one iMac desktop and the MacBook Pro which should gain latest Intel chips, upgrade graphics, a thinner industrial design akin to the 12-inch MacBook, USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 ports and that programmable OLED touch strip above the keyboard. Will Apple refresh the MacBook Air notebooks? If so, we only expect modest upgrades to bring the Air’s hardware up to date with features like Intel’s new chips and USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 ports. A Retina-capable display, an even thinner and lighter appearance and other major hardware undertakings are probably out of the question as most people believe Apple’s been phasing out the Air in favor of the new MacBook for some time now. Credible sources mention the possibility of a standalone monitor with 5K Retina resolution, created in collaboration with LG Electronics. If such product is in the pipeline, I’m wondering if it’ll be branded as a Thunderbolt Display or an LG monitor. The Mac Pro remains the biggest mystery in Apple’s Mac lineup. That machine was awesome back when it launched, but now Apple continues to sell the three-year-old Mac Pro hardware with previous-generation graphics at the same (high) price points, so something’s gotta give here. I want to believe that Apple will continue to cater to creative professionals with powerful Mac desktops like the Mac Pro. And if they’re building a 5K monitor in cooperation with LG, then the Mac Pro’s future is probably assured. Almost forgot: what’s up with the Mac mini? I hope Apple won’t kill of the Mac mini, its most affordable BYODMK (Bring Your Own Display, Mouse and Keyboard) desktop computer because people have been using this unassuming little system to power anything from home offices to media centers to hosting services. Software, Beats & more Apple’s currently tentative release date for iOS 10, macOS Sierra, watchOS 3 and tvOS 10 is “fall”, but we’ll be undoubtedly given exact release dates during the iPhone 7 event. Just don’t expect these software updates to drop simultaneously—if past is any indication, iOS 10 will release for public consumption a few days before first iPhone 7 units start shipping to customers. We totally think a selection of new Beats by Dre products will be unveiled on September 7 (thanks, Apple PR!). Who knows—Apple could even rebrand its existing headphone lineup under the Beats moniker (not very likely, but still a tantalizing marketing opportunity). We know this is a stretch—and I’m putting it mildly—but with the next MacBook Pro getting an OLED touch bar who’s to say that Apple’s wireless keyboard won’t be getting the same treatment? On the other hand, if there’s indeed something like an Apple Wireless Keyboard With OLED Touch Bar in the works, Apple could quietly announce it with a press release and a website refresh. One more thing… On top of all of the above, Apple could surprise us with a One More Thing moment that no one saw coming. To be honest with you, we’re not keeping our fingers crossed for any surprise announcements because in this day and age of 24/7 news cycle and Apple’s ever-expanding footprint around the world it’s become nearly impossible for them to prevent leaks. And that, boys and girls, concludes our roundup of everything we expect would get announced on September 7. We want to hear your predictions regarding Apple’s big event. Don’t be shy, share your own observations with other readers in the comment section below. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend iPhone 7 Plus could come bundled with Apple’s new AirPods Wireless Earphones Apple Watch 2 rumored to debut later this year Deliveries gains full iOS 10/watchOS 3 support & many new features in latest update Apple files trademark applications for “iSight Duo”, “A10 Fusion”, “Depth” and “Writeboard” Related Topics AirPods, Apple, Apple Watch, Apple Watch 2, Beats, Headphones, iPhone, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, News Tommy Gumbs I would not consider iPad releases “regular” at all. UC_Reds I would imagine HomeKit and Siri to be a topic of discussion. Perhaps HealthKit as well. Which in my mind puts me to sleep Iskren Donev I really hope the wireless EarPods look better than the renders in this article. These things just look weird… sNick I’m looking forward to Apple Watch 2 Zachary Stark IOS 10 comes out next wed Sep 14th it will probably be announced this wed on the 7th Gethro So Apple watch 2 won’t be a round design then? 5723alex . No chance and for the better. DD™ Apple Watch 2!   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple Chinese New Year promo: free Beats Solo3 headphones with Mac or iPhone Resetting AirPods fixes charging case battery woes for some users Rumor: Apple seeding first iOS 10.3 beta on January 10 with new ‘Theatre’ mode Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and more Beautiful iPhone 7 photos show New Year’s Eve celebrations around the world   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCLowPower, CCRecord, Evanesco, & more… CCLowPower adds a Low Power Mode toggle to Control Center ForceInPicture enables Picture in Picture mode on unsupported devices CCRecord: a tweak to quickly and easily record your iPhone screen Customize your iOS 10 Control Center toggle colors with Cream 2 and Creamless iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
null
BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Flight simulator sets fire to airport Yorkshire council hit with prolonged web outage HPE bucks trend to retain high-end server crown Government calls for ideas on how to splash £400m on fibre Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing A vintage year for snoopers and big state-ists Twas the week before Xmas ... not a creature was stirring – except Microsoft admitting its Windows 10 upgrade pop-up went 'too far' Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Obama expels 35 Russian spies over election hacking Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers IT ops doesn't matter. Really? HPE: We're 'opening floodgates' for Synergy orders... a year after launch The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study ClusterHQ? More like Clusterfscked: Cluster bombs, says it came to market too early Windows 10 nags, Dirty Cow, Microsoft's Linux man love: The Reg's big ones for 2016 Check your privilege: CoreOS's container tech rkt gets priv-escalation defense on Intel chips Docker opens up crucial container plumbing code cunningly disguised as 'boring infrastructure' Policy The Channel Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Qualcomm faces $853m fine for alleged antitrust violation How Google.org stole the Christmas Spirit Christmas Eve ERP migration derailed by silly spreadsheet sort El Reg just saved your Wikipedia Xmas US cops seek Amazon Echo data for murder inquiry Spotty battery life costs Apple's MacBook Pro its gold-star rating Tesla set to up prices by 5% in new year because of 'currency fluctuations' SPB Geek's Guide Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad 2016 just got a tiny bit longer. Gee, thanks, time lords Chinese boffins: We're testing an 'impossible' EM Drive IN SPAAAACE NASA explains how 'Spiders' grow on Mars Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things ‘Artificial Intelligence’ was the Fake News of 2016 2016: The Rise of the Intelligent (cloud) Machines Meet the Internet of big, lethal Things Uber's self-driving cars get kicked out of SF, seek refuge in Arizona Verity Stob Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse The Life and Times of Lester Haines What gifts did ol' kitten heels May get this year? How Rogue One's Imperial stormtroopers SAVED Star Wars and restored order More like this Apache Openoffice Software Is it time to unplug frail OpenOffice's life support? Apache Project asked to mull it over Software hit by dev drought: Patch it or lose it 2 Sep 2016 at 19:46, Chris Williams The Apache OpenOffice project has limited capacity for sustaining itself in an energetic manner. The retirement of the project is a serious possibility. Those are the words of Dennis Hamilton, the volunteer vice-president of OpenOffice who advises the Apache Software Foundation board. Yesterday, he publicly floated the idea of possibly shutting down the software suite because there just aren't enough developers working on the code, and security bugs aren't being dealt with. In his openoffice-dev mailing list post, Hamilton wrote: I have regularly observed that the Apache OpenOffice project has limited capacity for sustaining the project in an energetic manner. It is also my considered opinion that there is no ready supply of developers who have the capacity, capability, and will to supplement the roughly half-dozen volunteers holding the project together. It doesn't matter what the reasons for that might be. In the case of Apache OpenOffice, needing to disclose security vulnerabilities for which there is no mitigation in an update has become a serious issue ... It is remiss of me not to point out that retirement of the project is a serious possibility. There are those who fear that discussing retirement can become a self-fulfilling prophecy. My concern is that the project could end with a bang or a whimper. My interest is in seeing any retirement happen gracefully. That means we need to consider it as a contingency. For contingency plans, no time is a good time, but earlier is always better than later. On the topic of OpenOffice security bugs, Hamilton shed some light on the handling of CVE-2016-1513, a vulnerability that can be exploited by a malicious presentation document to execute code on a machine when opened. It was reported in October, around the release of OpenOffice 4.1.2. A fix was developed in March although there was no rush to patch the public source code because there was a fear internally that miscreants would spot the commit and realize it was exploitable. Instead, the OpenOffice team held onto the fix to sneak it into an official point release. The person who found and reported the hole grew impatient, and said they would have no choice but to go public to protect users. In July, the OpenOffice team announced there was an exploitable bug, there was no stable patch ready to roll, and the workaround was: use another office suite. The vulnerability will be addressed either in version 4.1.3, a maintenance release, or the 4.2.0 feature release both due later this year. If you can't wait, there's a hotfix to apply manually. Things like this have got Hamilton worried that the open-source suite will crumble rather than gracefully close down. One way out is to put the software into archive mode: no further commits will be accepted, code will remain online for people to fork, and no further releases will be made. This is all at the discussion stage at the moment: the Apache foundation board has not yet taken any decision on the fate of OpenOffice. While OpenOffice suffers from a slow release cycle, has been described as "all but dead" by a Red Hat engineering manager, and has been thoroughly overtaken by the lively LibreOffice fork, programmers working on the code were quick to defend the project from the cyber grim reaper. "Wow, just wow," chimed in source contributor Phillip Rhodes. "I have to say, I think even broaching this topic is a mistake. 'Self-fulfilling prophecy'? Not even that, it'll be a 'third party fulfilling prophecy' as soon as this hits the press. There are a lot of people out there who seem to have it in for Apache OpenOffice and have for a while. "Now you know there will be a headline appearing in the next week, reading 'Apache OpenOffice Mulls Retirement' or 'Apache OpenOffice Begins To Wind Down', etc. Yeah, it's crappy journalism, but it's almost 100 per cent certain to happen. And that's just going to dampen enthusiasm even more. "I wish I could say I had a magic bullet of an answer for how to get things moving again, but I don't. But I don't think opening a discussion about retirement and giving OpenOffice's enemies more ammunition is a strong tactical move." ® Sponsored: Customer Identity and Access Management Tips and corrections 60 Comments More from The Register Google enlists Microsoft VoIP partner to unseat Office 365+Skype RingCentral in the middle 25 Comments Microsoft, Lenovo cross-licensing love-in: Android mobes knocked up with... Office apps Locked and loaded baby 29 Comments Microsoft clones Trello, smuggles it into Office Pick a card. Any card, so long as it's from Redmond 9 Comments Microsoft's Azure and Office 365 growth slows Analysis Nadella sticks to FY (fictional year) $20bn cloud target 25 Comments Microsoft doubles down on productivity with Wunderlist buy Redmond embraces Mountain View AND Cupertino 12 Comments My Microsoft Office 365 woes: Constant crashes, malware macros – and settings from Hell Sysadmin blog When being spoilt for choice is sometimes still no choice at all 180 Comments Whitepapers Overcoming the Obstacles to the All Flash Datacenter The top 6 challenges that can slow your adoption of all flash technology, and show you how to overcome them. Your top 5 cloud Data challenges solved The cloud s changing everything, Its transforming IT orgnisations with agility and efficiency like never before, enabling them to realise new IT as a service delivery models. Content management and collaboration platform for apps With Box Platform, businesses can add secure content management and collaboration to applications without having to build and maintain their own content infrastructure. The business value of Red Hat cloudforms Red Hat CloudForms offers customers a unified vendor-agnostic platform for automating self-service provisioning and workload life-cycle management across hybrid multivendor virtualised, private cloud, public cloud, and container-based environments Most read Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing The Life and Times of Lester Haines Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Spotlight A vintage year for snoopers and big state-ists 'Twas Brillo but then Android Things, which watched as Google Weaved its Nest Gluster techie shows off 'MySQL of object storage' Minio projects Speaking in Tech: Right, he's smacked the journos. Now Trump's called the techies in... OpenStreetView? You are no longer hostage to Google's car-driven vision Speaking in Tech: Did an open source guru just ask us to join Amazon? Russia's bid for mobile self-sufficiency may be the saviour of Sailfish You want SaaS? Don't bother, darling, your kind can't afford it Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
e3ccb585666ee90c1d170b698c7df73493989659 http://bostinno.streetwise.co/assets/abec2e18 Boston Washington DC Chicago Austin Careers Events Our Events Events Directory Newsletters Sign In 9.2K SHARE Here Are the Biggest Boston Tech Events Happening This Fall If you're interested in robotics, Internet of Things security, blockchain, marketing tech, 3D design or even just the super vague "futuristi TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE NOW READING by Dylan Martin Here Are the Biggest Boston Tech Events Happening This Fall Communities Tech Education Lifestyle Careers Events Our Events Events Directory Newsletters Studio Sign In 9.2K SHARE Here Are the Biggest Boston Tech Events Happening This Fall If you're interested in robotics, Internet of Things security, blockchain, marketing tech, 3D design or even just the super vague "futuristi TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE NOW READING by Dylan Martin Here Are the Biggest Boston Tech Events Happening This Fall SHARE Here Are the Biggest Boston Tech Events Happening This Fall If you're interested in robotics, Internet of Things security, blockchain, marketing tech, 3D design or even just the super vague "futuristi TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE HubSpot co-founder Dharmesh Shah speaking at a previous INBOUND conference. Photo provided by HubSpot. twitter facebook send via email SHARE Here Are the Biggest Boston Tech Events Happening This Fall If you're interested in robotics, Internet of Things security, blockchain, marketing tech, 3D design or even just the super vague "futuristi TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE share Here Are the Biggest Boston Tech Events Happening This Fall 9.2K Dylan Martin - Staff Writer, Tech 9/2/16 @12:29pm in Tech 9/2/16 @12:29pm If you're interested in robotics, Internet of Things security, blockchain, marketing tech, 3D design or even just the super vague "futuristic stuff," the dozens of major tech events coming to Boston this fall may pique your interest But that's not the only reason people will flock to these events: a number of them are also bringing celebrity speakers along. For instance, HubSpot's annual INBOUND event is following up last year's slate of headline speakers like Amy Schumer and Aziz Ansari with Serena Williams, Alec Baldwin, journalist Ta-Nehisi Coates and the creators of the Netflix documentary "Making a Murderer." Another major event, the Forbes Under 30 Summit, which is coming to Boston for the first time, will bring Sir Richard Branson, Ashton Kutcher, Jessica Alba and Martellus Bennett to just name a few. If you're looking for tech events happening earlier in September, you will be able to find them in our summer tech conference compilation. Otherwise, everything else of note happening for the rest of the year can be found below. September Sept. 19 - 20 — NativeScript Developer Day 2016— Calderwood Pavilion — Organized by Progress Software, this is the first-ever conference completely dedicated to NativeScript developers. The conference will include panels, workshops, keynotes and demonstrations ranging in topics from rethinking mobile application strategy to building a robot app. Sample of speakers: Todd Anglin, chief evangelist and vice president of developer relations at Progress; Gavin Bauman, technical evangelist for Microsoft; and Jeff Whelpley, CTO at GetHuman. Sept. 21 - 22 — FutureM— Innovation and Design Building — MITX promises this two-day conference will inspire and facilitate “provocative conversations” and “strong connections” with keynote speakers sharing “breakthrough ideas in their field of expertise” and C-level executives revealing their “perspectives on the future of their roles and their businesses.” Sample of speakers: Joi Ito, director of MIT Media Lab; David “Shingy” Shing, digital prophet at AOL; David Kenny, general manager at IBM Watson; and Jessica Gelman, CEO of Kraft Analytics Group. Sept. 22 — The Security of Things Forum — The Sheraton Commander Hotel in Cambridge — Hosted by The Security Ledger and The Christian Science Monitor’s Passcode, this day-long event will cover a variety of cybersecurity topics, including the security of medical devices and connected vehicles, supply chain security, identity and the Internet of Things. Sample of speakers: Kevin Fu of Virta Labs, Sung Lee of Intel and Donald Dixon of Trident Dixon. Sept. 22 - 23 — Hippo.Connect 016— Calederwood Pavilion — This two-day conference will showcase how some of Hippo’s top enterprise clients have used web content management “to transform their digital presence, foster deeper customer engagement, and prep their business to stay ahead of the digital curve.” Sample of speakers: Ted Schadler, vice president and principal analyst at Forrester; Jay Acunzo, VP of platform at NextView Ventures; and Kendall Morris, chief strategy officer at AuthX. Sept. 22 - 24 — Boston Data Festival 2016— Microsoft NERD Center — This three-day festival is about bringing together the data-centric community to showcase greater Boston’s talent; highlight the diversity of people, startups and companies involved; and help community members achieve their goals. Topics include the future of healthcare analytics, using Boston crime data to make Pokemon Go a safer space and overcoming big data fragmentation. Sample of speakers: Beth Logan, vice president of optimization at DataXu; Amara Keller, analytics platform community manager at Intel; and Joseph Cauteruccio, Jr., machine learning engineer at Spotify. Sept. 25 - Oct. 1 — HUBWeek 2016— Multiple Venues — This week-long creative festival “celebrates innovation at the intersection of art, science and technology,” and it was founded by a partnership between The Boston Globe, Harvard University, MIT and Mass General Hospital. The festival includes a Demo Day, a showcase of innovation happening in Roxbury, a brewery competition, a discussion on modern politics with "rock star" philosopher Michael Sandel and other events. Sample of speakers: Jules Pieri, co-founder and CEO of The Grommet; Bernard S. Meyerson, VP and chief innovation officer at IBM; and Chelsea Barabas, head of social innovation for MIT’s Digital Currency Initiative. Sept. 26 — Develop3D Live — District Hall — After running in the United Kingdom for five years, this conference is coming to the United States for the first time, and it’s all about “celebrating design, engineering and manufacturing technology and how it brings world-leading products to market faster.”  The event will include panels, keynotes and networking opportunities. Participating companies include Autodesk, PTC, Formlabs and Solidworks. Sample of speakers: Frank Marangell, CEO and president of Rize; Jon Friedman, president and co-foudner of Freight Farms; and David Lakatos, head of product at Formlabs. Related How Mass. Became the 'Undisputed Epicenter' of 3D Printing Sept. 26 - 27 — CSSConf US 2016 — Laugh Boston — This two-day conference is "dedicated to the designers, developers and engineers who build the world’s most engaging user interfaces." Topics include creativity in programming for fun and profit, making smooth animations with CSS  and component-based style reuse. Sample of speakers: Alisha Ramos, design director at Vox.com; Zach Green, senior UX developer at Alley Dev; and Lea Verou, human-computer interaction researcher at MIT CSAIL. Sept. 29 — TEDxCambridge— Boston Opera House — Considered one of the largest TEDx conferences in the world, this two-hour event “celebrates the remarkable innovation, creativity and inspiration found within New England and beyond,” and its presentations cover many subjects, including science, design, technology, business, education and the arts. Sample of speakers: technology enthographer Tricia Wang, multimedia journalist Janet Wu and labor economist David Autor. Sept. 29 — SIM Boston Technology Leadership Summit— Boston Marriott Newton — This conference is for leading information technology executives, consultants and academics to share best practices, trends and lessons about the future of IT and IT management. Topics include becoming a better “business technologist” and trends in data lifecycle management. Sample of speakers: Tom Catalini, chief information officer at Museum of Fine Arts; Mojgan Lefebvre, SVP and chief information officer global specialty at Liberty Mutual; and Rob Demartini, president and CEO of New Balance. October  Oct. 6 — MassTLC D3 Conference: Data, Development & Drive— Microsoft NERD Conference — This one-day conference will gather “some of the most innovative designers, developers, product, and process people in the country” and feature tracks for managers and hackers on the topics of product innovation. Sample of speakers: Ben Alamar, director of sports analytics at ESPN; Danielle Greshock, manager of solutions architecture at Amazon Web Services; and Lee Weiner, chief product officer at Rapid 7. Oct. 6 — 2016 New England SBIR Conference — MIT Kresge Auditorium — This full-day conference will " convene technology companies, inventors, leaders and supporters of STEM entrepreneurship and early stage funding decision makers to discuss the non-dilutive funding opportunities provided through the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) and Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) programs and their impact in directing U.S. technology pathways." Sample of speakers: Maria Zuber, VP of research at MIT; Marina Hatsopoulos, co-founder of Cynosure and ZCorp; and Vinit Nijhawan, co-founder of Learn Launch. Oct. 13 — 3rd Annual DisruptCRE Boston— Hatch Fenway — According to its event page, this half-day event “showcases the best and brightest ideas from the most innovative minds in technology and commercial real estate.” Sample of speakers: Jordan Nof, head of investments at Tusk Ventures; James J. Whalen, SVP and chief information officer of Boston Properties; and Tom Zampini, CEO and founder of Beco. Oct. 16 - 19 — 2016 Forbes Under 30 Summit— Forbes’ annual gathering of young entrepreneurs is coming to Boston for the first time and “more than tripling its size and scope,” with over 5,000 people expected to attend. The four-day event will comprise of five interconnected summits: Science and Technology, Finance and Investing, Media and Creativity and Policy and Social Good. It will also include the Under 30 Music Festival and the Under 30 Food Festival. Sample of speakers: Sir Richard Branson, Jessica Alba, Ashton Kutcher, Jim Koch and Martellus Bennett. Oct. 17 - 19 — IoT Security Summit— Hynes Convention Center — This three-day event is dedicated to Internet of Things security, privacy and blockchain. The first day is completely focused on all things blockchain for end users, developers and business strategists. Topics for the other two days include enterprise risk management, creating solutions that better prepare for future security threats and developing more secure connected devices with artificial intelligence and machine learning. Sample of speakers: Bruce Fenton, executive director of Bitcoin Foundation; Reginald Brothers, under secretary for science and technology at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security; and Katie Curtin, lead product marketing manager of IoT security at AT&T. Oct. 17 - 21 — Women Entrepreneurs Boston Week — Multiple Venues — This is a weeklong celebration of women entrepreneurs in Boston, and it will include a series of workshops, roundtable discussions and networking opportunities with high-profile speakers. According to its website, the goal is to “help women entrepreneurs build their networks and learn new skills to build and scale their businesses.” A full calendar events is expected to be posted in early September. Oct. 18 - 20 — MIT Technology Review’s EmTech— MIT Media Lab — At the convergence of tech, business and culture, this three-day conference is all about discovering future trends and understanding the “technologies that will drive the new global economy.” Topics include breakthroughs in robotics, the future of energy, artificial intelligence’s next leap forward and gene editing for better health. Sample of speakers: Meron Gribetz, CEO of Meta; Karl Iagnemma, CEO and co-founder of nuTonomy; and Jean Yang, assistant professor at Carnegie Mellon University. Oct. 20 — TUGG’s 6th Annual Tech Gives Back — Multiple Venues — This day-long event brings together tech companies to volunteer in the community, with activities like remodeling classrooms, planting community gardens and serving meals in soup kitchens. The day ends with what it calls “the best block party of the year.” Oct. 28 — 5th Annual Boston App Expo & Festival— Boston Convention & Exhibition Center — This is a full-day event that covers various topics in app development through exhibitors, panels and workshops. Topics include outsourcing versus in-house development, customer engagement and getting downloads. November  Nov. 1 — Boston Startup Expo & Tech Job Fair — Innovation and Design Building — TechBreakfast hosts this event, which aims to give startups visibility in front of community members, investors, press and potential employees. The event is expected to sell out. Nov. 2 — 2nd Annual She Demos — C-Space — SheStart and Babson WIN Lab co-host this event for women-run startups. Five of them will pitch in a live presentation and another 10 will be able to showcase before the presentations. One presenting startup will be chosen as the winner and one from the presentation area will be selected as a fan favorite. Nov. 2 — MassChallenge 2016 Awards Ceremony — Boston Convention & Exhibition Center — This is the final awards ceremony for MassChallenge’s Boston cohort of 128 startups. A handful of winners will walks away with over $1 million in cash. Special guests have yet to be announced. Nov. 2 - 4 — API Strategy & Practice Conference— Marriott Long Wharf — This three-day conference promises to bring together API leaders together to discuss opportunities and challenges in the API space. Sample of speakers: Charles L. Ashley III of Cultivating Coders, Pamela Dingle of Ping Identity and Kirsten Hunter of Akamai. Nov. 2 - 4 — EdTechTeacher Boston Innovation Summit— Boston Convention & Exhibition Center — This three-day conference “brings together the best of iPads, Chromebooks, Google Apps, and innovative instruction to improve student learning,” according to its website. The conference will include keynotes, workshops and collaborative sessions on topics ranging from maker spaces and design thinking to project-based learning. Sample of speakers: Jaime Casap, global education evangelist at Google; Justin Reich, executive director of the Teaching Systems Lab at MIT; and Sabba Quidwai, director of innovative learning at University of Southern California. Nov. 8 - 11 — HubSpot’s INBOUND 2016— Boston Convention & Exhibition Center — INBOUND is HubSpot’s annual event for marketing and sales professionals. Last year, it had five keynotes from celebrity speakers, more than 170 educational sessions and over 14,0000 attendees. For the first time this year, the conference will include the INBOUND Pitch-Off, which will give winning startups over $30,000 in prizes. Sample of speakers: Ta-Nehisi Coates, journalist and 2015 MacArthur “Genius” award recipient; actor Alec Baldwin; star athlete Serena Williams; and Laura Ricciardi and Moria Demos, directors of Netflix documentary “Making a Murderer.” Nov. 29 - 30 — Gilbane Digital Content Conference— Fairmont Copley Plaza — According to its website, the conference “brings together content strategists and managers, marketers, technologists, IT and business executives, as well as external service providers to learn and share how” the different components of digital experiences come together. The conference has four different tracks: content, marketing and customer experience; content, collaboration and digital workplace experience; technologies for content, marketing and digital experience; and re-imagining digital strategies for publishing and media. Sample of speakers: Tim Ahlenius, director of experience marketing, AmericanEagle.com; Alice Carpenter, director of creative operations at America’s Test Kitchen; and Erin Martin, senior product manager at NPR. December Dec. 1 — MassTLC’s Future of Robotics Summit— Microsoft NERD Center — This half-day event will include panels and research presentations on surgical robotics, next-generation soft wearable robotics and other topics. The event is meant for entrepreneurs, robotics community leaders, university researchers and students and anyone interested in robots. Sample of speakers: Andrew Bennet of Olin College, Conor Walsh of Harvard University and Holly Yanco of University of Massachusetts Lowell. Dec. 3 — The Future of People— MIT Media Lab — This day-long event aims to envision “how science and technology impact the human body, mind and society.” The event start with a breakfast and dance kickoff, a startup showcase and panels focusing on a wide range of subjects, including the future of the human mind, body and society. There’s also the Prospective Challenge, which challenges attendees to design their own futurist scenario. Sample of speakers: Rani El-Kaliouby, CEO of Affectiva; Rebecca Peel, associate director of talent at Rockefeller Foundation; and Rish Mitra, CEO of Blippar. Dec. 7 — 50 on Fire — John Joseph Moakley United States Courthouse — This is BostInno's headline annual event that celebrates Boston's inventors, disruptors, luminaries and newsmakers across all industries. This is not your average awards ceremony (meaning no boring speeches). Nominations for this year's 50 on Fire can be made right here. FILED UNDER: BostInno Approved, Boston Events, Conference Related News This Is What's Really Going on With Corporate Blockchain Adoption (and What Could Happen Soon) BostInno Approved: The Week's Top Tech & Startup Events in Boston BostInno Approved: The Week's Top Tech & Startup Events in Boston Get to Know the 21 Finalists in Technology for 50 on Fire 2016 Facebook Comments (0) + Login to Comment Tweets The Beat Newsletter Boston tech news delivered to your inbox. Get It Most Popular How 3 HBS Alums Plan to Transform Supermarkets with Robots 7.9K Dylan Martin The 10 Boston Tech Offices We Envied Most in 2016 5.5K Dylan Martin Trillium Brewing Co. Announces Major Fort Point Relocation 4.0K Alex E. Weaver The Top Boston Tech Hires, Promotions (and Departures) in December 2.4K Dylan Martin 3 Boston Chefs Predict What's Next in Food for 2017 1.9K Abagail Sullivan From Our Partners Join the BostInno Beat Get your Boston tech news, startup gossip, and event notices right in your inbox every day Join Today! http://wp.streetwise.co/wp-content/uploads//2015/08//BostInnoBeatNewsletter1.png center CLOSE SIGN UP FOR THE BOSTINNO BEAT DAILY NEWSLETTER SIGN UP OR mobile About BostInno Sitemap About Streetwise © 2017 Streetwise Media Work Here The Team Advertise Contact Us Terms Of Use Sites BostInno DC Inno Chicago Inno Austin Inno Categories Business Tech Education City News Sports Lifestyle Health & Fitness Series Series Directory Careers & Events Careers Directory Events Directory Sites BostInno DC Inno Chicago Inno Austin Inno Categories Business Tech Education City News Sports Lifestyle Health & Fitness Careers & Events Careers Directory Events Directory Series Series Directory About BostInno Sitemap About Streetwise Work Here The Team Advertise Contact Us Terms Of Use © 2017 Streetwise Media /assets/abec2e18
Code Thoughts About Think Before You Parallelize A tour of parallel abstractions Aug 30, 2016 In 2005 Intel release the Pentium D, which began the era of multi-core desktop CPUs. Today, even our phones have multiple cores. Making use of all of those cores it not always easy to do, but modern languages and libraries have come a long way to help programmers take advantage. All kinds of utility functions and concurrent abstraction have been developed in an attempt to make using all our cores more accessible and simple. Sometimes these abstractions have a lot of overhead though, and sometimes it doesn’t even make sense to parallelize an operation in the first place. Don’t Parallelize when it is already Parallelized Suppose you are working on a big number crunching function for a high traffic website that is a bit of a performance bottleneck. You get the idea to parallelize it and it tests much faster on your dev machine with 4 cores. You expect great things on the 24 core production server. However once you deploy you find that performance in production is actually slightly worse! What you forgot was that the web server was already parallelizing things at a higher level, using all 24 production cores to handle multiple requests simultaneously. When your paralellized function fires up, all the other cores are busy with other requests. So you take the hit of whatever overhead was required to parallelize the function with no benefit. On the other hand, if your website was say, a low traffic internal website with only a few dozen hits per day, then the plan to parallelize would likely pay off, as there will always be spare cores to crunch the numbers fast. You have to consider the overall CPU utilization of your webserver, and how your parellelized function will interact with the other jobs going on. Will it thrash the L1 cache and slow other things down? Test and measure. Another scenario, say you are working on 3D game, you have some trick physics math where you need to crunch numbers, maybe adding realistic building physics to Minecraft. But separate threads are already handling procedural generation of new chunks, rendering, networking, and player input. If these are keeping most of the system’s cores busy, then parallelizing your physics code isn’t going to help overall. On the other hand if those other threads are not doing a lot of work, cores may indeed be free for you to crunch some physics. So think about the system your code is running in, if things are getting parallelized at a higher level, it may not do any good to do it again at a lower level. Instead, focus on algorithms that run as efficiently as possible on a single core. Consider your target hardware Many developers have very nice machines, probably with a minimum of 8 logical cores these days, possibly more. But consider the entire scope of where your code might run. Will it run on a low cost virtualized web app fabric in the cloud? This may only have 1 or 2 virtual cores for you to work with. Will it run on old desktops or cheap phones, that maybe only have 2 cores? An algorithm that gets sped up on your 8 core system at home may not fair so well on systems with only 2 or 3. Case Study Easy Parallel Loops It is common in a given programming language to have compiler hints or library functions for doing easy parallel loops when it is appropriate. What happens behind the scenes can be very different depending on the abstractions each language or library uses. In some cases a number of threads may be created to operate on chunks of the loop, or ThreadPools may be used to reduce the overhead of creating Threads. It is important to have a rough understanding of how the abstractions available to you work, so you can make educated guesses about when it might be useful to use them, how to tune them, and how to measure them. At minimum you should consider the following issues. If the computational overhead of creating or managing the thread is greater than the benefit you get, you can end up with a slower results than you would doing a single threaded implementation. I will compare some toy workloads with some common parallel loop abstractions in C#, F#, C++ and Java. CSharp     
    public double ImperativeSquareSum()
    {
        var localArray = rawArray;               
        double result = 0.0;
        for (int i = 0; i < localArray.Length; i++)
        {
           result += //Do Work         }
        return result;
    }
         
    public double LinqParallelSquareSum()
    {
        var localArray = rawArray;
        return localArray.AsParallel().Sum(/* Do Work */);
    }
    
    public double ParallelForSquareSum()
    {
        var localArray = rawArray;
        object lockObject = new object();
        double result = 0.0;
        Parallel.For(0, localArray.Length,() => 0.0,
            (i, loopState, partialResult) => { /*Do Work*/ },            
            (localPartialSum) => { lock (lockObject) { result += localPartialSum }});            
        return result;
    }
 1 million doubles - (result += x*x) Method Median Bytes Allocated/Op Imperative 1.1138 ms 29,480.65 LinqParallel 3.3174 ms 117,802.56 ParallelFor 1.9985 ms 59,264.27 The easiest way to parallelize work like this in C# is with PLINQ. Just type your collection name, then .AsParallel() and fire away with Linq queries. Unfortunately in this case it does no good, and neither does the Parallel.For function. The workload of just squaring doubles and adding them up isn’t enough to get a net benefit here. You would need to roll your own function using ThreadPools or perhaps Threads directly to see a speedup. 1 million doubles - (result += Math.sin(x)) Method Median Bytes Allocated/Op Imperative 37.1130 ms 840,522.92 LinqParallel 9.8497 ms 225,694.67 ParallelFor 8.5615 ms 166,386.40 With the bigger workload there is now a large improvement by parallelizing. It takes a CPU about 2 orders of magnitude more cycles to perform a sin operation that it does an add or multiply. Because of this, per-element overhead cost becomes a much smaller percentage of overall runtime, and we get the ~4x speedup we expect from 4 physical cores. It also reduces the relative cost of the simple Linq approach compared to the more complex Parallel.For abstraction. Consider how big the workload is to help decide if the simple Linq approach is worth the cost. FSharp F# has a number of easy to use 3rd party libraries for this purpose. All can be used from C# as well. A quick rundown of them here: 
    (* Nessos Streams ParStream *)
    array
    |> ParStream.ofArray                    
    |> ParStream.fold (fun acc x -> acc + x*x)  (+) (fun () -> 0.0) 

    (* FSharp.Collections.ParallelSeq *)
    array
    |> PSeq.reduce (fun acc x -> acc+x*x)

    (* SIMDArray (uses AVX2 SIMD as well) *)
    array
    |> Array.SIMDParallel.fold (fun acc x -> acc + x*x)
                               (fun acc x -> acc + x*x)  
                               (+) (+) 0.0 

 1 million doubles (result += x*x) Method Time .NET / F# Parallel SIMDArray 0.26ms .NET / F# Nessos Streams 1.05ms .NET / F# ParallelSeq 3.1ms SIMDArray is ‘cheating’ here as it also does SIMD operations, but I include it because I wrote it, so I do what I want. All of these out perform core library functions above. 1 million doubles (result += Math.Sin(x)) Method Time .NET / F# Nessos Streams 6.7ms .NET / F# ParallelSeq 9.9ms The Sin operation can’t be SIMDified here so SIMDArray is out. Nessos streams again proves to be better than the core library functions. C++ Now the same experiment in C++. Most C++ compilers can auto parallelize loops, which you can control via compiler flags or inline hints in your code. For instance with Visual Studio’s C++ compiler you can just put #pragma loop(hint_parallel(8)) on top of a loop, and it will parallelize it if it can. Unfortunately our toy example is (intentionally) a tiny bit too complex for that. Since we are summing up results, this creates a data dependency. Fortunately we can use OpenMP, which is available in Microsoft Visual C++, GCC, Clang, and other popular C++ compilers:     double result = 0;
    #pragma omp parallel for reduction(+ : result)     for(int i = 0; i < COUNT; i++) 	
    {
       result += /*Do Work*/;
    }
 This is equivalent to the Parallel.For loop used above in C#, where you identify that you will be aggregating data. This is actually less typing and easier to read too, even if the syntax is odd. How does it perform? 1 million doubles - (result += x*x) No SIMD Method Median ForLoop 1.031 ms ParallelizedForLoop 0.375 ms We can see that OpenMP is managing a more efficient abstraction than .NET for this case, managing almost almost a 3x speedup where .NET was actually a bit slower. Newer OpenMP implementations available on other compiles can also be directed to do SIMD vectorization in the loop for even more speed increase. That does not seem to be available in MS Visual C++, and the usual automatic vectorization seems to not happen within the omp loop. Automatic vectorization can be done on the single thread for loop but it was turned off for these C++ tests. The C++ compilers does do older SSE instructions, as is the case with .NET and Java as well, but they only use a single lane. MSVC++ will use all lanes if you specify /fp:fast but only in the non OMP loop 1 million doubles - (result += sin(x)) No SIMD Method Median ForLoop 10.625 ms ParallelizedForLoop 2.44 ms This time a little more than a 3x speedup, and as you can see the results are overall faster than .NET as well. Java Java’s streams library which performed excellently in a previous blog post can be used here again. You simply have to tell it you want a parallel stream: 
//Regular stream
sum = Arrays.stream(array).reduce(0,(acc,x) -> /*Do Work*/);

//ParallelStream
sum = Arrays.stream(array).parallel().reduce(0,(acc,x) -> /*Do Work*/);

 1 million doubles (result += x*x) Method Median Stream 1.03ms Parallel Stream 0.375ms -> .8ms 1 million doubles (result += Math.sin(x)) Method Median Stream 34.5ms Parallel Stream 7.8ms -> 14ms Java performs right on par with C++ in the first example, but falls behind when using Math.sin(). It appears that this is not due to the parallel streams, but due to Java using a more accurate sin implementation, rather than calling the x86 instruction directly. This difference may not exist on other hardware. I do not like it when a langauge tells me I can’t touch the hardware if I want. A Math.NativeSin() would be nice. The streams library overall though has proven to be excellent, matching C++ in both scalar and parallel varieties. Update! Further experiments with Java using the JMH testing framework have shown the parallel streams to exhibit inconsistent performance. Sometimes executing in ~.375ms indefinitely. Sometimes executing that fast for only a few dozens iterations then suddenly taking ~.8ms indefinitely after that. Reasons unknown, if you are a JVM expert and have ideas, please email me. Javascript pfffftttt (yeah I know about Web Workers) Rust Rust provides no easy loop parallelizing abstractions out of the box, you have to roll your own. OpenMP style features may be in the works for Rust though, and 3rd party libraries are available. So let’s take a look at a nice one called Rayon which adds a “par_iter” providing similar functions as the regular iter, but in parallel. The code remains very simple:     
    // The regular iter
    vector.iter().map(|&x| /* do work */).sum()

    // Parallel iter
    vector.par_iter().map(|&x| /* do work */).sum()

 1 million doubles (result += x*x) Method Median iter 1.05 ms par_iter .375 ms 1 million doubles (result += Math.sin(x)) Method Median iter 9.65 ms par_iter 2.44 ms These are excellent results, tied with C++, and requiring only a single line of code to express. Summary The loop abstractions examined here are just one type of parallel or concurrent programming abstraction available. There is a whole universe out there, Actor Models, Async/Await, Tasks, Thread Pools, and so on. Be sure to understand what you are using, and measure whether it will really be useful, or whether you should focus on fast single threaded algorithms or look for third party tools with better performance. Aggregated Testing Results 1 million doubles ( result += x*x) No SIMD ( Except SIMDArray) Method Time Lines Of Code .NET / F# SIMDArray 0.26ms 1 Rust Rayon 0.375ms 1 C++ OpenMP 0.375ms ~5 Java Parallel Streams 0.375 ms -> 0.8ms 1 .NET / F# Nessos Streams 1.05ms ~2 .NET Parallel.For 1.9ms ~6 .NET / F# ParallelSeq 3.1ms 1 .NET Parallel Linq (Sum) 3.3ms 1 .NET Parallel Linq (Aggregate) 8ms 1 1 million doubles ( result += sin(x)) No SIMD Method Time Lines Of Code Rust Rayon 2.44ms 1 C++ OpenMP 2.44ms ~4 .NET / F# Nessos Streams 6.7ms ~2 Java Parallel Streams 7.8ms -> 14ms 1 .NET Parallel.For 8.5615ms ~6 .NET Parallel Linq (Sum) 9.8497ms 1 .NET / F# ParallelSeq 9.9ms 1 .NET Parallel Linq (Aggregate) 45.6ms 1 Benchmark Details All benchmarks run with what I believe to be the latest and greatest compilers available for Windows for each language (Debateable for C++). JIT warmup time is accounted for when applicable. If you identify cases where code or compiler/environment choices are sub optimal, email me please. Environment Host Process Environment Information:
BenchmarkDotNet=v0.9.8.0
OS=Microsoft Windows NT 6.2.9200.0
Processor=Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-4712HQ CPU 2.30GHz, ProcessorCount=8
Frequency=2240907 ticks, Resolution=446.2479 ns, Timer=TSC
 F# / C# Runtime Details CLR=MS.NET 4.0.30319.42000, Arch=64-bit RELEASE [RyuJIT]
GC=Concurrent Workstation
JitModules=clrjit-v4.6.1590.0
Type=SIMDBenchmark Mode=Throughput Platform=X64 
Jit=RyuJit GarbageCollection=Concurrent Workstation 

 C++ Details Visual Studio 2015 Update 3, Optimizations set for maximum speed, SIMD off Java Details Oracle Java 64bit version 8 update 102 Testing done with JMH Rust Details rustc 1.13.0-nightly build with cargo rustc --release -- -C lto -C target-cpu=native Code Thoughts Code Thoughts jack.mott@gmail.com jackmott PerlinMandleBro Thoughts on code
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Windows IT Pro Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS IT/Dev Connections Forums Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Windows Windows 10 Windows Server 2012 Windows Server 2008 Windows Server 2003 Windows 8 Windows 7 Windows Vista Windows XP Exchange Server Exchange Server 2013 Exchange Server 2010 Exchange Server 2007 Exchange Server 2003 Outlook Unified Communications/Lync SharePoint Virtualization Cloud Systems Management System Center PowerShell & Scripting Active Directory & Group Policy Mobile Networking Storage Training Online Training IT/Dev Connections Webcasts VIP Library Digital Magazine Archives InfoCenters IT Innovators Mobile Computing Business Now Desktop VDI All About Converged Architecture Advertisement Home > WinInfo > Short Takes: November 21, 2014 Short Takes: November 21, 2014 An often irreverent look at this week's other news Nov 21, 2014 Paul Thurrott EMAIL Tweet Comments 13 Advertisement An often irreverent look at this week's other news, including Azure going down for the count, Intel's celebration of flat PC sales in 2015, an NSA prediction of a "dramatic" cyber-attack against the US in the next decade, Xiaomi's plot to unseat Samsung and Apple, Google settles mobile patent suit with industry group, Android is the new Windows, and GameStop misunderstands why they're doing poorly. Microsoft Azure experiences major outage A heavily-tested software update to the Microsoft Azure cloud services resulted in major outages around the world. The irony? The update was designed to improve performance. "During the rollout we discovered an issue that resulted in storage blob front ends going into an infinite loop, which had gone undetected during [testing]," Microsoft's Jason Zander explained. "The net result was an inability for the front ends to take on further traffic, which in turn caused other services built on top to experience issues." According to Microsoft, various Azure services were down for about 11 hours on Wednesday, and though the problem is apparently fixed—i.e. the update was reversed—the Azure Status web site is still reporting some issues. But this outage also impacted Xbox Live on Wednesday. And dammit, Microsoft. That is not OK. "Apple and Google face more encryption criticisms" My criticism: Microsoft can't seem to buy its way into this story. Intel: PC sales will be flat in 2015 And on that note, Intel is getting bullish about the future. The microprocessor giant is predicting growth in calendar year 2015 as the PC market improves and experiences flat year-over-year sales. That wouldn't normally be something to crow about. But after two years of falling sales, the PC market is slowly turning around and leveling off. Yes, we'll take our good news where we can get it. "Google tests subscription service for ad-free web sites" Wait, doesn't Google make all of the ads that I see on web sites? NSA predicts massive cyber-attack in the next decade And now some bad news. Testifying before a House Intelligence Committee hearing this week, NSA director Michael Rogers said that a massive cyber-attack aimed at disabling the electrical grid or other national infrastructure of the United States was a matter of "when" not "if," and that "something dramatic" would happen in the next decade. China, Russia and "one or two others" are already infiltrating the industrial-control systems of the electrical grid, nuclear power plants, air traffic control and subway systems, he said, and leaving behind computer code that could be used to disable them during a future attack. The worst bit? We're completely unprepared to handle such an attack, he said. "Comcast to let customers track and rate technicians with new app" And because they understand their customers, the lowest rating is pre-selected to speed things along. Xiaomi now says it will one day be the biggest smart phone maker in the world And speaking of China, Xiaomi CEO and founder Lei Jun said this week that his company would surpass both Samsung and Apple. "I believe that no one thought the Xiaomi from three years ago, which just made its first phone, would later rank as the third largest player," he said. "Within five or 10 years, we have the opportunity to become the number one smartphone company in the world." Xiaomi is controversial for a number of reasons, and the firm explicitly copies Apple to a degree that would be funny if it weren't so culturally bizarre: Jun even copies Steve Jobs' faux turtleneck/jeans look when he speaks on stage, which is both creepy and silly. But here's the thing: Xiaomi will almost certainly achieve this goal. And Jun's statement was bold enough to illicit a response from Apple, which normally tries to appear to be above the fray. "It is easy to say, it is more difficult to do," Apple legal lead Bruce Sewell said. But I bet this company—which Jun calls "a small miracle"—sees great success when it expands to major new markets like the US. Watch out Apple, the Chinese aren't just going after the electrical grid, they're going after you, too. "Microsoft makes it less attractive for developers to create apps for Windows" See? You didn't think that was possible. Google settles patent suit with Microsoft-backed industry group Google isn't exactly shouting this one to the rooftops, but according to a court filing, the search giant silently and secretly settled a patent infringement lawsuit that was brought down on it by Rockstar, an industry consortium that includes members such as Microsoft, Apple, and Blackberry. The terms of the deal are secret, but since the Rockstar patents are all mobile industry-based, it's fair to suggest that Google has basically started paying for all the intellectual property it stole when it created the Android mobile OS. The only question is how much it paid. "Washington Post's new Kindle Fire app has Jeff Bezos written all over it" Gross. It's official: Android really is the new Windows Security researchers this week have identified a new version of the NotCompatible malware as the culmination of two years of fears: This malware has successfully infected over 50 million mobile devices running Android, they say, and 4 million in the United States alone. It works much like PC malware: The unsuspecting user visits an infected web site and inadvertently downloads the malicious code to their device in what's called a "drive-by." And then the device becomes part of a botnet, or what we used to call a "zombie" when only PCs were susceptible to such attacks, and can be used by hackers to send out spam, bulk-buy tickets from Ticketmaster and other event services, and perform other dastardly schemes. The worst part, of course, is that the device owners are often racking up spurious data charges, too, so it's a win-win. Or something. "What it's like living on a Chromebook, Part 2" A lot like living on food stamps, I'd imagine. GameStop blames delayed game release on terrible quarter Not sure why I find this one so peculiar, but the video game retailer GameStop is blaming its terrible third quarter on the two week delay of a game, "Assassin's Creed: Unity," from October 28 until November 11. Here's the thing. October 28 is three days before the end of the quarter in question, and I find it a bit hard to believe that this one game had that much impact. As it turns out, however, there were other issues: Video game software sales, overall, were down 42 percent year-over-year, and new titles like "Destiny" and "The Evil Within," both launched in October, just aren't doing that well. Maybe "Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare" and "Halo: The Master Chief Collection" will pick up the slack this quarter. Or maybe retail video game sales are just a thing from the past. And let's be fair: "Unity" is buggy enough as it is. Imagine how awful it was two weeks earlier. "Will Apple's Next iPhone Capture DSLR Quality with 2 Lenses?" If you don't know, why should I read this article? Buy the books! I'm trying to change the book publishing model, and would appreciate your support: Windows 8.1 Field Guide is available directly from me for only $2 in PDF, MOBI and EPUB formats. And it is now available on Amazon Kindle for $4.99 too. I also have other free and inexpensive e-books available too, including Windows Phone 8 Field Guide (free from that site, or available from both Kindle and Nook too) and the in-progress Microsoft Band Field Guide (free), Surface Pro 3 Field Guide, Windows Phone 8.1 Field Guide and Xbox Music Field Guide (free). Coming soon: Windows 10 Field Guide. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 13 oroslak on Nov 21, 2014 GameStop is still in business?! Does anyone still remember Blockbuster? Log In or Register to post comments br208 on Nov 21, 2014 So Paul, which one do you think the Chinese will find easer taking down the electrical grid or Android / Apple? Log In or Register to post comments Waethorn on Nov 21, 2014 It's probably easier for the CIA/NSA to take down Middle-Eastern infrastructure. Log In or Register to post comments Advertisement Mortarm on Nov 21, 2014 > NSA predicts massive cyber-attack in the next decade Perhaps Tom Clancy had the right idea with Net Force. > "What it's like living on a Chromebook, Part 2" > A lot like living on food stamps, I'd imagine. LOL! Love it. Log In or Register to post comments JefRH1 on Nov 21, 2014 I love these posts. Log In or Register to post comments Dude ecbwvltq on Nov 21, 2014 Xiaomi will be the biggest smart phone maker? Oh hahah.. that's a good one. What's their market share like outside China? I don't know anyone who owns one of their crappy phones and I doubt I will any time soon because no one in the West will buy a copycat phone coming from a country with such a bad personal privacy record as China. Log In or Register to post comments sjohannsen on Nov 22, 2014 And yet we continue to buy Android, by Google, a company whose explicit goal is to know everything about everyone and everything. Of course they are protecting it all, keeping it safe for their own use, buwahaha. Log In or Register to post comments eboyhan on Nov 21, 2014 What's so gross about the WashPost app? I have the new app from the cloud, and on my Fire HDX 8.9 (2nd gen); and the "old" washpost app on my Kindle Fire HD 8.9 (1st gen), and I have to say that the UI for the new app is much more tablet/touch aware. OTOH the new app gives you only a selection of curated articles (I hate curation :grrr) -- the old app gives you pretty much everything albeit with a not great UI. The initial announcement of this implied that fire hdx owners would get the washpost stories for free. As it turns out hdx owners get in for free for 6 months, after that (not mentioned in your referenced article) hdx owners get it for $1/month for an additional 6 months after which it goes to their normal digital pricing (about $50/year -- which is a heck of a lot cheaper than the NYT and WSJ digital editions :grin). I hope at some point this could be free for Prime members (:grin) -- would be a great prime bennie. Log In or Register to post comments wrecklass on Nov 21, 2014 Actually didn't NSA predict the same thing about 4 or 5 years ago? Of course, if the grid is attacked the results for XBox Live customers will be catastrophic, apparently. Log In or Register to post comments joeinoklahoma on Nov 21, 2014 malware in Android? who knew? plus, Paul, you forgot to mention the Lollipop roll out is causing problems with a bunch of phones. Log In or Register to post comments sharpstwo on Nov 22, 2014 You're on a roll Paul. Good stuff. Log In or Register to post comments WaltC on Nov 24, 2014 "Cyber attack" can only happen in a very stupid nation where the powers that be are too thick to make sure that all critical infrastructure elements deemed compatible with remote computer control are *physically unplugged* from the public Internet. Hackers cannot hack what is not connected to the network. Such infrastructure should be accessible only through private networks not physically connected to any Internet node. Why this is difficult for the NSA to grasp is beyond me. The solution is as clear as it is obvious. Putting the remote control of nuclear power plants, for instance, "behind firewalls" but leaving it connected to the public Internet is equivalent to tasking the present Congress with the design of the next space shuttle. Log In or Register to post comments br208 on Nov 24, 2014 WC, it is your patriotic duty to offer your expertise to the administration so this crisis can be averted. Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles WinInfo Daily Update, November 22, 2006: WinInfo Short Takes: Thanksgiving 2006 Special Edition WinInfo Daily UPDATE, November, 10, 2006: WinInfo Short Takes WinInfo Daily UPDATE, November, 10, 2006: WinInfo Short Takes WinInfo Daily Update, November 22, 2006: WinInfo Short Takes: Thanksgiving 2006 Special Edition WinInfo Short Takes, November 30, 2012 3 Advertisement Join the Conversation Get answers to questions, share tips, and engage with the IT professional community at myITforum.  Are you a data center professional? Join AFCOM for the best data center insights. Looking to get things done in web development? Hot Scripts offers tens of thousands of scripts you can use. Database administrator? dBforums offers community insight on everything from ASP to Oracle, and get the latest news from Data Center Knowledge. Advertisement Advertisement WindowsITPro.com Windows Exchange Server SharePoint Virtualization Cloud Systems Management Site Features Contact Us Awards Community Sponsors Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search WindowsITPro.com Search: PISCES Related Sites Dev Pro SharePoint Pro SQL Server Pro SuperSite for Windows IT/Dev Connections myITforum Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path CES2017 ComingtoNetflix NYResolutionApps TrendsThatNeedtoDie AlexaSkills Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Laptops & Notebooks/ Razer Unveils Blade Laptop With Pascal Graphics, Kaby Lake Blade Stealth Razer Unveils Blade Laptop With Pascal Graphics, Kaby Lake Blade Stealth By Matthew Buzzi September 2, 2016 09:00am EST 10 Comments Razer is bringing Nvidia and Intel's latest technology to its hit Blade laptops. New Intel and Nvidia technology are injecting fresh life into Razer's hit Blade laptop line, with refreshes of both the Blade and Blade Stealth available for pre-order now. The Blade, Razer's flagship 14-inch ultraportable gaming laptop, was most recently updated in the spring, but now Nvidia's cutting-edge Pascal graphics are joining the party. The upcoming Razer Blade will feature a GeForce GTX 1060, the least expensive Pascal card (behind the 1070 and the 1080). But even in its place at the lower end of the line, the 1060 offers a significant performance boost over similarly priced last-generation cards. The thinnest gaming laptop around, the Blade isn't compromising on its form factor to add the extra power—it's just 0.7 inches thick and weighs 4.25 pounds. In addition to the new card, there are more configuration options available, with models starting at $1,799 and maxing out at $2,699. The display will always be 14 inches, but you can buy it in Full HD (1,920-by-1,080 resolution) or QHD+ (3,200-by-1,800 resolution) with IGZO and touch technology. Solid-state storage ranges from a 256GB minimum to a new high for the line: 1TB. All configurations include a 1060, a 2.6GHz Intel Core i7-6700HQ, and 16GB of memory. The Razer Blade Stealth, which made its debut this year, is also getting an update. There's still no discrete graphics card—the Stealth is a general ultraportable with integrated graphics, not a gaming laptop—but the new version is being upgraded to Intel's new Kaby Lake processor. Related Razer's Pricey Headset Aimed At Game Streamers Razer's Pricey Headset Aimed At Game Streamers Configurations range from $999 to $1,799, all with a 12.5-inch touch display and a seventh-generation 2.7GHz Intel Core i7-7500U processor. Resolution options are QHD (2,560-by-1,440 resolution) or 4K (3,840-by-2,160 resolution), while storage sizes start at 128GB and max out at 1TB. The Stealth also features a 15 percent larger battery, which allows for up to nine hours of battery life according to Razer. Like the last iteration, the laptop's customizable keyboard includes per-key backlighting with 16.8 million colors, a feature that made its way over to the larger Blade, as well. The Razer Blade is available for pre-order today from Razer's website, and will begin shipping in October in the US (November worldwide). The Blade Stealth is available for purchase now, and you can bundle it with the Razer Core external graphics amplifier for $399 more. Back to top Previous : Small PC Power Tweaks Could Save Consumers Billions Tim Cook: 'Stay Tuned' for Mac Refresh Next : By Matthew Buzzi Matthew Buzzi is a junior analyst on the Hardware team at PCMag. Matthew graduated from Iona College with a degree in Mass Communications/Journalism. He interned for a college semester at Kotaku, writing about gaming. He has written about technology and video game news, as well as hardware and gaming reviews. In his free time, he likes to go out with friends, watch and discuss sports, play video games, read too much Twitter, and obsessively manage any fantasy sports leagues he's involved in. More » More Stories by Matthew Lenovo Tips Refreshed Kaby Lake ThinkPad Line for Early 2017 The T- and L-Series lines get Intel's latest processors, while retaining a core set of security and ... More » G.Skill Ripjaws KM780 RGB The G.Skill Ripjaws KM780 RGB is a solid if unspectacular mechanical gaming keyboard with a bevy of ... More » Gigabyte Radeon RX 470 G1 Gaming 4G Gigabyte's RX 470 offers strong 1080p gaming performance and RGB lighting, though this video card ru... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles What to Expect at CES 2017 13 Apps to Help You Keep Your New Year's Resolutions Tech Trends That Need to Die in 2017 Hatchimals and 7 Other Foul-Mouthed Toys Everything Coming to Netflix in January The Tech Stories That Awed, Disturbed, and Excited Us in 2016 »See More //Related Reviews Dell XPS 13 Touch (2016 Rose Gold Edition) Lenovo ThinkPad 13 Lenovo ThinkPad X260 Asus ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) The Best Laptops of 2017 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Drivers Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > Drivers > Blog FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! ASRock Updates BIOS for Several of Its Motherboards - Download Now The new BIOS releases update Intel ME and Network module Sep 2, 2016 14:39 GMT  ·  By Iulian Pascal  ·  Share:  Today, ASRock has rolled out several new BIOS packages compatible with some of its motherboards, which update Intel Management Engine (ME) and Network module and also improve the devices’ DRAM compatibility. To be clear about the targeted boards, the producer has provided BIOS 1.40 for its H110M-STX model, version 3.20 for the X99M Extreme4 device, as well as a 3.40 update suitable for X99 WS-E and X99 WS-E/10G motherboards. In addition to that, ASRock has also upgraded the BIOS version for its Fatal1ty X99M Killer, X99E-ITX/ac, and Fatal1ty X99M Killer/3.1 devices, namely the 3.30, 3.60, and 3.80 builds, respectively. However, if you consider a BIOS upgrade, take into account that an installation failure can seriously damage your motherboard; be sure to perform this task under a steady power environment and don’t interrupt in any way. As for the downloadable files, ASRock has available three packages for each board and BIOS version describing different flashing methods: DOS, Instant Flash, and Windows files. To use the DOS archive, simply save and extract it onto a USB stick, connect the drive to your computer, and run the appropriate file from a DOS command screen. Similar steps apply to the Instant Flash file as well, only its content must be executed from BIOS’ flash utility. Last but not least, to flash your BIOS using the Windows-related archive (must extract it as well), close all programs that might interfere with this process, and run the available setup file. That being said, follow the link that best describes your ASRock motherboard from the ones below, take into account all aspects as mentioned earlier, and enjoy your newly improved device. Download ASRock X99M Extreme4 BIOS 3.20 Download ASRock X99E-ITX/ac BIOS 3.60 Download ASRock X99 WS-E/10G BIOS 3.40 Download ASRock X99 WS-E BIOS 3.40 Download ASRock H110M-STX BIOS 1.40 Download ASRock Fatal1ty X99M Killer/3.1 BIOS 3.80 Download ASRock Fatal1ty X99M Killer BIOS 3.30 #X99M Extreme4#X99E-ITX/ac#ASRock#BIOS#motherboard reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Download Drivers for ASUS’ Republic of Gamers G800VI Notebook Intel Updates BIOS for Its NUC6i7KYK NUC Kit - Download Version 0041 ASRock Makes Available Several New BIOS Updates - Download Now Download New BIOS Versions for Several ASRock Motherboards New Leaked Image Points to Continuum-like Functionality for Samsung Galaxy S8 Asus ZenFone AR Tango-Enabled Smartphone Inadvertently Confirmed by Qualcomm HTC's Next Flagship to Be Called “U Ultra,” Rumored to Pack 6-Inch Display ASUS Launching New ZenFone With Snapdragon 835 SoC at CES MSI CSM-B150M PRO-VHL Drivers Are Up for Grabs - Download Now Download Drivers for ASUS’s ZenBook UX303UB Notebook Model Sager NP7359 Notebook Receives Windows 10 Drivers - Download Now Download Drivers for ASUS’ ZenBook UX330UAK Notebook Model    New BIOS updates available from ASRock New Apps Babylon: Get one-click translation in any desktop application and term search results within an extensive collection of dictionaries and glossaries Chameleon Startup Manager Lite: Software utility which enables you to edit and manage the processes running on your computer, with support for multiple languages Chameleon Startup Manager Pro: A startup management tool that enables you to quickly remove unneeded startup items and monitors the system for new apps set to launch with Windows Portable CDBurnerXP: CD/DVD and Blu-ray burning software solution that can be launched directly from a removable drive, without requiring prior installation Collectorz.com Movie Collector: A fully-featured application that helps users create a movie database, group movies into folders, perform searches, and catalogue DVDs by their barcode ReaConverter Lite: Batch convert image files, add watermarks, edit photos and save them to a selected output format with this intuitive application GPU-Z Portable: A reliable and useful software solution that comes in handy to all those who want to keep an eye on the data regarding their video and graphics cards Reader comments Realtek Outs New Drivers for Its USB 2.0 and USB 3.0 Network Controller more on: RTL8153 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy feedback      
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Notebooks Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel Storage GPUs SSDs Motherboards CPUs NVIDIA Mobile Systems Home> Notebooks Lenovo Reveals Yoga 910 Convertible: Intel’s Kaby Lake Meets 4K Display and Ultra-Thin Form-Factor by Anton Shilov on September 2, 2016 10:00 AM EST Posted in Notebooks Lenovo Yoga Kaby Lake IFA_2016 37 Comments | Add A Comment 37 Comments + Add A Comment Lenovo this week took the wraps of its new Yoga 910 convertible, an aluminium 2-in-1 equipped with a 4K UHD display and is based on Intel’s upcoming 7th generation Core processors codenamed Kaby Lake. The Yoga 910 inherits distinctive form-factor from the previous-gen Yoga 900 laptops, makes it slightly thinner and adds a fingerprint reader to the familiar design. The Lenovo Yoga 910 is the direct successor of the Yoga 900 introduced last year, which at present is Lenovo’s top-of-the-range offering in the Yoga lineup. The new Yoga 910 will not only offer higher performance (something that is logical to expect from a PC based on a newer CPU), but also a slightly larger 13.9” IPS display panel with either 4K (3840×2160) or FHD (1920×1080) resolution. Thanks to thinner bezel, the larger screen does not affect dimensions of the convertible, and in fact the new model is even a little smaller and thinner (14.3 mm vs 14.9 mm) than its predecessor. Still, it is noteworthy that the Yoga 910 weighs 1.38 kg (3.04 lbs), which is around 80 grams more than the weight of the Yoga 900. When it comes to battery life the UHD model can offer 10.5 hours on one charge (in line with current models that have 3K displays), whereas the FHD promises to work for up to 15.5 hours (which is a massive improvement over current SKUs). Lenovo Yoga Specifications   Yoga 3 Pro Yoga 900 Yoga 910 Processor Intel Core M-5Y71 (4.5W) Intel Core i7-6500U (15W) Intel Core i7-7000 series Memory 8GB DDR3L-1600 8-16GB DDR3L-1600 Up to 16 GB Graphics Intel HD 5300  (24 EUs, Gen 8) Intel HD 520 (24 EUs, Gen 9) Intel HD Graphics Display 13.3" Glossy IPS 16:9 QHD+ (3200x1800) LCD 13.3" Glossy IPS  ​16:9 QHD+ (3200x1800) LED 13.9" 4K (3840 x 2160) IPS 13.9” FHD (1920x1080) IPS Hard Drive(s) 256GB/512GB SSD (Samsung PM851) 256GB/512GB SSD (Samsung ?) Up to 1 TB PCIe SSD Networking Broadcom 802.11ac  (2x2:2 802.11ac) Intel Wireless AC-8260 (2x2:2 802.11ac) 2x2:2 802.11ac Audio JBL Stereo Speakers 1.5w x 2 Headset jack JBL Stereo Speakers Dolby® DS 1.0 Headset jack JBL Stereo Speakers with Dolby Audio Premium Headset jack Battery 4 cell 44Wh 40W Max AC Adapter 4 cell 66Wh Unknown Buttons/Ports Power Button Novo Button 2 x USB 3.0  Headset Jack Volume Control Auto Rotate Control DC In with USB 2.0 Port 1 x Micro-HDMI SD Card Reader Power Button 2 x USB 3.0-A 1 x USB 3.0-C Headset Jack SD Card Reader DC In with USB 3.0-A Port   Power Button 1 x USB 3.0-A 1 x USB 3.0-C 1 x USB 2.0-C for charging Headset Jack SD Card Reader   Back Side Watchband Hinge with 360° Rotation Air Vents Integral to Hinge Dimensions 13" x 9" x 0.5"  330.2 x 228.6 x 12.8 mm 12.75" x 8.86" x 0.59" 324 x 225 x 14.9 mm 12.72" x 8.84" x 0.56" 322 x 224.5 x 14.6 mm Weight 2.6 lbs (1.18kg) 2.8 lbs (1.3 kg) 3.04 lbs (1.38 kg) Extras 720p HD Webcam Backlit Keyboard Colors Light Silver Clementine Orange Golden Platinum Silver Clementine Orange Champagne Gold Platinum Silver Champagne Gold Gunmetal Pricing $1148 (256GB) $1379 (512GB) $1200 (8GB/256GB) $1300 (8GB/512GB) $1400 (16GB/512GB) Starting from $1299 Lenovo has not revealed the complete specifications of the Yoga 910 just yet, but they note that it will use Intel’s Core i7 "Kaby Lake" 7000-series CPUs, up to 16 GB of RAM, a PCIe SSD (with up to 1 TB capacity) and will be equipped with a 802.11ac Wi-Fi + Bluetooth 4.1 module, a 4-in-1 card reader, 720p webcam, a dual-array microphone, two speakers made by JBL, as well as a fingerprint reader compatible with Windows Hello. For wired connectivity, the Yoga 910 has one USB 3.0 Type-C with video out functionality, one USB 2.0 Type-C for charging as well as one USB 3.0 Type-A port with always-on charging capability. When Lenovo’s Yoga 910 laptops hit the market in October, they will be available in Champagne Gold, Platinum Silver and Gunmetal colors. Apparently, Lenovo is dropping its signature Clementine Orange color it uses for consumer notebooks in case of the Yoga 910. As for prices, the new convertibles will start at $1299, which is a $100 increase over current-gen models. Gallery: Lenovo Reveals Yoga 910 Convertible: Intel’s Kaby Lake Meets 4K Display and Ultra-Thin Form-Factor Source: Lenovo Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 37 Comments View All Comments MTEK - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link So no USB 3.1? I thought Kaby Lake had native support. Reply MattMe - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link I had read previously that Kaby Lake was supposed to bring 3.1 support too. Not sure why it's taking so long to become standard. Reply ddriver - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link No thunderbolt either... Reply DanNeely - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link I've seen conflicting rumors but nothing official. It's possible it only does 3.1 gen 1 (aka the C port and alternate modes). Reply Flunk - Friday, September 09, 2016 - link I don't think there are any chipset changes, I think they just relabeled the Sky Lake chipsets. Reply dsraa - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link Meh....I'm not impressed.....it looks and feels similar to the rest of the line, and that screen.....13.9? Where did they get that format size?? Reply retrospooty - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link If you take the Yoga 900, shrink the bezels, you can fit a larger screen. The device got slightly smaller while the screen got larger. What is to complaint about? More importantly, is there a better convertible? Not IMO. Reply emn13 - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link 1.38kg sounds a little heavy, if you ask me. But the extra size is nice, and that's got to come from somewhere. Reply TheTurboFool - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link What's your complaint? That's not a ratio, just a screen size. There's no reason screen sizes have to be any precise figure. Reply lilmoe - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link Nice machine, but too much wasted vertical space. Can't they just ditch 16:p already??? This is a convertible, 16:10 or 3:2 should be standard. Reply 1 2 3 4 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News GIGABYTE's New Console: The 'Gaming GT' PC Launched with Core i7-K, GTX1080, TB3 ZOTAC Announces GeForce GTX 1080 for Mini-ITX PCs Oculus VR Acquires The Eye Tribe, Developer of Eye Tracking Technologies Thermaltake Adds RGB Lighting to Toughpower Grand Gold PSUs PNY Launches CS2030 SSDs: Phison PS5007-E7, MLC NAND, 2.8 GB/s Sharkoon Launches Rapid-Case USB 3.1 Type-C Storage Device DIY Kit South Korea Fines Qualcomm $865 Million for Anti-Trust Violations Kaby Lake Systems With Intel Optane SSDs Coming Soon Lenovo Updates The ThinkPad Lineup: New Models, Welcome Changes Lenovo Launches New ThinkPad Accessories: Docking And Displays Dell Readies New XPS 15: 4K, Quad-Core Kaby Lake, GeForce GTX 1050 Plextor to Demo Mainstream M8Se NVMe and 3D NAND-Based SSDs at CES TWEETS IanCutress: Trump logic: say you know something, announce a press conference, cancel it, never talk again. He's done it several times. IanCutress: @Dresdenboy @anandtech But meeting CEOs. Always fun to give a card that says 'Dr' IanCutress: Wat @JohnLegere, please fix https://t.co/n8SN1Afgrk ganeshts: @chippy Use JDownloader (free and open source) in a VM. Also gives full control over what one needs from a YouTube link ganeshts: @cablematters What is the best crimper / punchdown tool to use with your shielded Cat6a 1K ft. cable/24-port patch panel/keystone jacks? IanCutress: #CES2017 I'm 85% sure I packed business cards. Otherwise I have 3 for the week. IanCutress: @British_Airways The Android app has had this issue for over a year. https://t.co/6zfAUR5ZtN ganeshts: @DTheSleepless @BrettHowse What is the real rate you are getting? Even with 4x4, I have not been able to get past 800 Mbps TCP throughput. ganeshts: @FPiednoel Given the 2 grace months, extra billing in near future not likely. But, for sure, need to get rid of data caps for wired plans RyanSmithAT: AMD's GCN macro-architecture & Radeon HD 7970 turn 5 years old today. Man, how the time flies. https://t.co/ZYqd9D57Pk RyanSmithAT: @fivemack No, because then only paying customers would have been able to leave reviews RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse Save them.That way you can remember what they looked like in the past RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte Though at this point it's the OS (Windows) that concerns me more than the hardware RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte It'll be one of the first. We definitely won't have the luxury of being *too* picky until later in 2018 ganeshts: @SreekrishnanV @krishashok Netgear Orbi. But, for Indian houses with concrete/brick walls - hybrid sys (router + powerline Wi-Fi extenders) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Toggle navigation Toggle Universal Navigation News facebook twitter youtube login Home News Business Overseas Entertainment Life Sports Trending Weather Focus ANC DZMM TV PATROL Home  >  News Duterte: New barges seen in South China Sea Joel Guinto, ABS-CBN News Posted at Sep 02 2016 06:01 PM | Updated as of Sep 02 2016 06:42 PM Share Facebook Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Pinterest Intel reports say there may be another construction somewhere President Rodrigo Duterte said on Friday China might be planning to build new structures in disputed waters, but maintained he would not raise the maritime row at a summit of Southeast Asian leaders next week. Duterte said he received an intelligence report that “there seems to be new barges coming in and they suspect that’s going to be another construction somewhere.” "What I want to know is, are there any additional construction going on especially in the area of Masinloc?" Duterte said, referring to rich fishing grounds that China has held since 2012. It was the first report of alleged Chinese build-up in the South China Sea since a United Nations-backed tribunal ruled in July that Beijing had no historic rights in the resource-rich waters. The South China Sea, Duterte said, was a “potential flashpoint,” and setting up a “military institution” in the area could disrupt world trade. “I do not intend to raise the issue before the ASEAN. If I do, it will be a convoluted thing,” Duterte said, maintaining that he preferred bilateral talks with China. “I will not because I do not want any clutters there.” Duterte is traveling to Brunei, Laos, and Indonesia starting this weekend for bilateral visits and to attend the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Summit in Vientiane. It will be his first foreign trip since assuming office on June 30. Duterte reiterated that any negotiations with China should be based on the Permanent Court of Arbitration’s decision that favored the Philippines. “Whether you like it or not, I proceed, and my predicate for my willingness to talk to you would be the arbitration judgment in our favor,” he said. Share Facebook Share on Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Pinterest Read More:  China   South China Sea   West Philippine Sea   maritime dispute   Rodrigo Duterte   diplomacy   /overseas/08/30/16/n-korea-s-china-sea-to-grab-attention-at-obama-xi-talks /news/08/30/16/philippines-says-china-must-recognize-s-china-sea-ruling /overseas/08/30/16/vietnam-says-all-will-lose-in-any-south-china-sea-war /overseas/08/31/16/kerry-calls-on-china-ph-to-abide-by-tribunal-ruling-on-south-china-sea /overseas/08/31/16/kerry-says-no-military-solution-to-south-china-sea-dispute LATEST NEWS MOST READ Nadal hopes schedule change brings success January 03, 2017 Federer returns in style to beat Evans at Hopman January 03, 2017 Ferrer, Muguruza break Australian hearts in Brisbane January 03, 2017 Pension hike must come from SSS funds: Diokno January 03, 2017 Defoe frustrates Liverpool, Aguero helps Man City win January 03, 2017 Fil-Am YouTuber dances live for a cause January 03, 2017 China navy confirms carrier conducted drills in S. China Sea January 03, 2017 Djokovic survives scare in Doha season opener January 03, 2017 4 pinatay ng riding-in-tandem sa Caloocan January 03, 2017 'Salvage' victim, natagpuan sa likod ng Manila Post Office January 03, 2017 Davao 911 helps residents affected by floods January 03, 2017 Duterte seeks 'strategic shift' from US to China: envoy January 03, 2017 Suspek sa indiscriminate firing, napatay ng mga pulis January 03, 2017 Streaming subscription boom boosts US music sales January 03, 2017 Sterling quarterback crop lead way into the playoffs January 03, 2017 LOOK: Marlon Stockinger shares sexy photo of Pia Wurtzbach READ: Love luck for animal signs in 2017 Jerome Alcere of 'PBB' comes out as gay LOOK: Vic Sotto's daughter gets married on New Year's Day LOOK: James Yap spends New Year's Eve with Josh IN PHOTOS: Cristine Reyes shows off newly-renovated home Mariah Carey suffers lip sync fail at New Year's Eve show WATCH: Karla shares birthday message for Daniel's dad What's in store for KathNiel, JaDine in 2017 LOOK: Vic Sotto's ex finally meets Pauleen Luna Jan 9 is holiday in Manila due to Traslacion WATCH: Vhong, Streetboys bust out suave moves on 'GGV' LOOK: PAL completes 1st international flight at Clark Pia Wurtzbach urges Pinoys: Show the world the beauty of Philippines After New Year's Eve debacle, Mariah Carey wishes for 'more headlines' next © 2016 ABS-CBN Corporation. All Rights Reserved. AboutCareersPrivacyTermsContact UsAdvertise With Us
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> desktops Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel Storage GPUs SSDs Motherboards CPUs NVIDIA Mobile Systems Home> desktops Hands On with ASUS ROG Avalon: A Teardown Video by Ian Cutress on September 2, 2016 7:00 AM EST Posted in desktops Systems Motherboards Asus ROG Trade Shows Computex_2016 Video 41 Comments | Add A Comment 41 Comments + Add A Comment During Computex 2016, as part of their 10-Years of the Republic of Gamers’ celebrations and showcase, ASUS surprised me with a new take on the PC: the ROG Avalon. The Avalon is still a very extensive work in progress, however the fundamental concept is highly intriguing for anyone interested in PC design – using custom form factor parts and fitting them into a dedicated chassis but still opening up the options for users to customize their build. We were able to grab the hardware and Johnathan Chu, Product Manager for motherboards at ASUS, for a short time to record a video for a quick teardown and analysis. Apologies for the audio, it was an impromptu recording with no equipment apart from a smartphone. Project Avalon Section taken from our Computex 2016 Coverage When you’ve been reviewing and testing motherboards, as well as shouting at certain engineers for absolutely nonsense ideas (or really good ones), there is somewhat a monotony to it all. One generation there’s a new feature from one manufacturer, and the next generation we see it on mostly all the others. Some features are special and aren’t copied, but these require larger amounts of R&D and investment, then require the PR teams to communicate why the new feature is good or not. One interesting conversation I had a couple of years ago was regarding the future of motherboard form factors. It was then as we see now: the full sized ATX, micro-ATX and mini-ITX systems accounted for 99%+ of desktop class PCs. Some large OEMs had their own designs on desktops, Zotac has a number of small mini-PCs for various markets, and servers do all sorts of standard and non-standard sizes, but for the consumer, it is essentially all about those three (and mini-STX is now moving in that space). So a couple of years ago, when the initial talk of Steam machines was coming to play, ASUS asked me what I thought about non-standard motherboard sizes in desktop sized systems. It should be clear to most that the motherboard size issue is a chicken/egg situation. When Intel designs a CPU, there are certain limitations to where everything should go. Or no, I will correct that – there’s a budget limitation to where things can go. For example, memory is often to a certain side of the CPU because that provides the best quality signal for the onboard traces. Technically it can go on a different side (as it does on some designs), but that often requires more motherboard PCB layers to ensure the signal does not degrade or interfere with other signals, and in most cases there is a performance/latency penalty if you have to put it further away. But in order to stay buoyant, a motherboard manufacturer will stick to the appropriate design, because guess what – all the cases use the same standards too. The minute you produce a novel motherboard design, such as a different IO position or a new method for storage, none of the current cases on the market will work with it. So the case manufacturers can’t change because there are no products in a new design, the motherboard manufacturers can’t change because of the lack of cases but also the cost, and Intel keeps it consistent to keep everyone in the chain happy. Hello chicken, meet egg. Hello egg, meet chicken. The only way to do a custom form factor is to build the system completely yourself, which is what Zotac does. Zotac plays mainly in the mini-PC market, and their owner Partner (‘Manufacturer of motherboards, AGP cards and other consumer electronics’ on their Google Search) has long fingers into manufacturing for other big name brands, so integrating the Zotac brand into new designs with custom chassis is easy enough. However ASUS wanted to go bigger and better, and that is how systems like the G20, a full desktop with a custom design, and the GR8, a book-sized Steam machine, came about. But it was clear, ASUS wanted more. Insert Project Avalon. Project Avalon Project Avalon is a custom, high-performance, gaming/VR PC design from ASUS. It is still very early in the design cycle, to the extent that this chassis currently weighs almost 40 lbs, but the concept is there. Inside is a custom designed motherboard that uses various internal connectors to implement various features. The design as it stands is built for Skylake plus a single GPU, and enough space to operate liquid cooling. The Perspex window on the top is so users can see into the design, flashing lights and all. Astute readers will note that the PCB design looks rather odd – there isn’t a PCIe slot here, no power delivery, no rear IO, and what looks like the rear of a 24-pin power connector on the left-hand side. All we needed to do was take the motherboard out: On the top we have a CPU socket, some memory slots, an M.2 slot, and what looks like a number of connectors for daughter boards. If we flip it over: Click the image for the full resolution Here we see more of what we know – power delivery chokes, a chipset, an 8-pin CPU power connector, a PCIe x16 connector and a 24-pin power connector. There are no SATA ports, and nothing on this system looks normal. So, to explain: on the bottom near my finger is a custom connector, akin to a 4x PCIe connector, that breaks out into four SATA ports on a daughter board where are hot swappable on the chassis. The connector supplies both data and power. On the far right is a proprietary ASUS header for the rear IO. At current, ASUS is not finalized on the pin layout and isn’t conforming to any particular standard, but this connector can send chipset PCIe lanes, digital video, and a few other things, over to a daughter board. This means one thing – adjustable rear IO panels! I love this idea. Here are two examples of what ASUS suggests: the top one is a rear IO for workstation users, featuring dual Intel NIC and inside is a RAID capable M.2 slot running at PCIe 3.0 x4. The rear panel is a Home Theater focused design, using a single NIC and a USB 3.1 controller for 10 Gbps use. ASUS also had a VR edition with the specific ports required for the big VR headsets currently in the market. Because the custom connector carries enough PCIe, this opens it up to other custom designs, such as Thunderbolt, 10 Gbit Ethernet, different Ethernet/WiFi, additional storage, or anything that needs PCIe. Also, on the audio side, because this is a separate board, it could also influence audio capabilities and provide cleaner signals for audio processing. Adjustable rear IO is a topic only just being breached, with plenty of possibility. Avalon's design is still very much fluid, with single GPU setups currently being supported: In the video at the top of the page, we were able to get some hands-on time with Jonathan Chu, the product manager of Avalon, and do a quick teardown video after Computex had finished. Apologies for the audio, it was an impromptu recording with no extra equipment apart from a smartphone. At this point the Avalon project is in an early design phase, so ASUS is looking for feedback with what they have so far. I don’t particularly mind if this ends up being an engineering concept design that never goes on sale (I’ve been pushing manufacturers to do more concept designs, similar to vehicle manufacturers at car shows), but the fact that ASUS are prepared to even attempt this is a good thing.   Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 41 Comments View All Comments Exodite - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link Everything comes full circle eventually, with the PC market being stagnant and people not generally upgrading components individually this was inevitable. Is it funny that the first though in my mind were the Amiga 3000/4000 with the modular daughterboards? Reply Mondozai - Monday, September 12, 2016 - link PC market being stagnant? Gaming GPUs are increasing YoY quite a bit. (Overall GPU sales are down from 2011, but that is because a lot of those GPUs were simply entry-level GPUs not used for gaming). Remember, we're talking about ROG here. That is a gaming brand. So gaming sales are what counts. Gaming sales in the PC space are not stagnant, you're talking out of your ass. Reply HOOfan 1 - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link This thing would look right at home in an early 1980s stereo setup Reply fteoath64 - Monday, September 05, 2016 - link Yeah a retro look at this day and age would be very much appropriate since your standard motherboard has been around for decades. The "rear IO" part looks interesting breaking out into SLI for PCIE X16 slots would be needed on the GPU side rather than a daughter-card layout. Reply CaedenV - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link That is cute! One bit of feedback; No home theater person is going consider that home theater backplane. There are 3 options for audio output: Through the video card piggybacking on the HDMI/DP output, via optical, or with old-school analog jacks. I assume that the piggyback option is available, but the lack of optical or surround analog is an instant deal breaker for many. Also, why not make the front drive bay modular like the rear IO area? Again, for a home theater/home server design there would still be lots of call for traditional HDDs, and it looks like you could pretty easily cram 4 HDDs and 2 SSDs up there if you really wanted to. The ability to swap the whole cage out for whatever drive config you need at the moment would be rather useful. Outside of that, it seems like a really great idea! Keep working on it! Reply namechamps - Saturday, September 03, 2016 - link I don't think the lack of optical or analog is a huge issue. Honestly once you have a HDMI capable receiver there is no point to mess with those inferior options. Reply Sushisamurai - Sunday, September 04, 2016 - link I think a lack of optical or analog is a huge deal breaker for any home theater setup - unless you constantly change your receivers to match display technology, your HDMI receivers are going to get outdated quick for HDCP streaming, or you would need enough HDMI ports. My current home theater setup with my projector is direct display connection to the comp, with an optical out to the receiver, as the projector doesn't handle audio out to receiver well - receiver is also out of HDMI ports. Reply Sushisamurai - Sunday, September 04, 2016 - link I understand that current recievers have 6-8 HDMI inputs, but older ones can be populated relatively quickly (3 to 5): 1. Blu-ray 2. Chromecast/AppleTV 3. Xbox 4. PS3/4 5. Computer I assume most home setups have this configuration. Reply drgigolo - Monday, September 05, 2016 - link I think you are very wrong in this. I haven't heard of anybody who doesn't use HDMI directly. If you run out of HDMI ports on your receiver, you can always hook it up directly to the TV and then use optical from the TV to the receiver. Analog from your computer to your hifi sucks most of the time. A lot of interference and cables that cause problems. It's best to get the digital to analog conversion as far away from the computer as possible in my experience. Reply vacavalier - Saturday, September 24, 2016 - link Not true... Using a SB ZxR PCI-e sound card w/Analog Monster cables from my PC direct to my Onkyo TX-NR809 and running the sound through two Klipsch RB-81 II's (bi-wired w/12 ga.wire) and a Klipsch 12RW-D and the sound and imaging (both iTunes and gaming) is simply incredible.... No sound effects are applied through or by the AVR and this setup simply destroys any plug-n-play speaker setups, regardless of price-point, name-brand, features, etc. on the market today. Once funds allow, the Onkyo will either be: upgraded to a higher quality integrated amp, power & pre-amp duo or add an analog/tube power amp to it. I know sound quality is subjective to the listener but honestly, I tried this same setup using the onboard Realtek sound "chip" (because that is what it is) and the sound "sucked" as you stated. A higher quality soundcard must be employed to achieve the desired effect and on that note, one where the op-amps can be swapped to further upgrade/sweeten the sound. Just my opinion here concerning what hardware is involved, concerning analog sound. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News GIGABYTE's New Console: The 'Gaming GT' PC Launched with Core i7-K, GTX1080, TB3 ZOTAC Announces GeForce GTX 1080 for Mini-ITX PCs Oculus VR Acquires The Eye Tribe, Developer of Eye Tracking Technologies Thermaltake Adds RGB Lighting to Toughpower Grand Gold PSUs PNY Launches CS2030 SSDs: Phison PS5007-E7, MLC NAND, 2.8 GB/s Sharkoon Launches Rapid-Case USB 3.1 Type-C Storage Device DIY Kit South Korea Fines Qualcomm $865 Million for Anti-Trust Violations Kaby Lake Systems With Intel Optane SSDs Coming Soon Lenovo Updates The ThinkPad Lineup: New Models, Welcome Changes Lenovo Launches New ThinkPad Accessories: Docking And Displays Dell Readies New XPS 15: 4K, Quad-Core Kaby Lake, GeForce GTX 1050 Plextor to Demo Mainstream M8Se NVMe and 3D NAND-Based SSDs at CES TWEETS IanCutress: Trump logic: say you know something, announce a press conference, cancel it, never talk again. He's done it several times. IanCutress: @Dresdenboy @anandtech But meeting CEOs. Always fun to give a card that says 'Dr' IanCutress: Wat @JohnLegere, please fix https://t.co/n8SN1Afgrk ganeshts: @chippy Use JDownloader (free and open source) in a VM. Also gives full control over what one needs from a YouTube link ganeshts: @cablematters What is the best crimper / punchdown tool to use with your shielded Cat6a 1K ft. cable/24-port patch panel/keystone jacks? IanCutress: #CES2017 I'm 85% sure I packed business cards. Otherwise I have 3 for the week. IanCutress: @British_Airways The Android app has had this issue for over a year. https://t.co/6zfAUR5ZtN ganeshts: @DTheSleepless @BrettHowse What is the real rate you are getting? Even with 4x4, I have not been able to get past 800 Mbps TCP throughput. ganeshts: @FPiednoel Given the 2 grace months, extra billing in near future not likely. But, for sure, need to get rid of data caps for wired plans RyanSmithAT: AMD's GCN macro-architecture & Radeon HD 7970 turn 5 years old today. Man, how the time flies. https://t.co/ZYqd9D57Pk RyanSmithAT: @fivemack No, because then only paying customers would have been able to leave reviews RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse Save them.That way you can remember what they looked like in the past RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte Though at this point it's the OS (Windows) that concerns me more than the hardware RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte It'll be one of the first. We definitely won't have the luxury of being *too* picky until later in 2018 ganeshts: @SreekrishnanV @krishashok Netgear Orbi. But, for Indian houses with concrete/brick walls - hybrid sys (router + powerline Wi-Fi extenders) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Intel launches Apollo Lake processors for entry-level PCs 1 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Sep 2, 2016 at 10:47 GMT4 months ago Earlier this week, Intel officially launched their 7th Gen Core processors for PCs. Along with it, they have quietly launched Apollo Lake processors which are built for low-cost devices such as entry-level 2-in-1s and laptops. It is the successor to Braswell in the Intel’s Atom SoC family and there are 6 SKUs, 3 for desktop and 3 for mobile under the Pentium and Celeron brands. As far as the performance is concerned, Apollo Lake processor N4200 is 30% faster than Braswell Pentium N4200 in SYSmark. N4200 is 45% faster with 3DMark Skydiver. It is worth noting that the Apollo Lake processor TDPs are higher than the Kaby Lake Y-series CPUs or previous gen Braswell CPUs. Read more about Apollo Lake processors in detail here. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related 2 in 1 Apollo Lake availability Basic laptops Entry-level PCs intel Processors Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Exclusive: Windows 10 Creators Update set to be released on April 2017 by Mehedi Hassan 0 Trending Leaked slide suggests Samsung’s Galaxy S8 Android phone may come with a Continuum-like desktop solution by Surur 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast 2016’s Microsoft Moments by Andrew Bennett on December 30, 2016 Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett are back again for the last episode of 2016! This week both Vernon and Andrew look at some of their favorite Microsoft moments from the past year. You c... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Specs of Qualcomm’s first ARM processor capable of running Windows 10 leaked by Sean Chan on January 2, 2017 Qualcomm is set to launch its next-gen Snapdragon processor at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. The company’s upcoming Snapdragon processor, the Snapdragon 835 will be its f... Majority of Steam users finally on Windows 10 by Surur It’s taken a while, but Windows 10 users finally outnumber the number of Steam users on other computing users on the gaming platform. In the latest Steam Hardware Survey report for Ja... Exclusive: Windows 10 Creators Update set to be released on April 2017 by Mehedi Hassan Last October at the Windows 10 event in New York City, Microsoft officially unveiled the Windows 10 Creators Update, codenamed “Redstone 2.” At the event, Microsoft stated that the updat... Dell finally introduces a convertible XPS 13 by Mehedi Hassan Dell’s recent XPS devices are definitely one of the prettiest laptops you can get right now. The company’s Edge-to-Edge displays are simply beautiful looking, but there’s b... Dell’s new convertible XPS 13 leaks ahead of CES 2017 by Mehedi Hassan The Consumer Electronics Show starts tomorrow in Las Vegas. CES is where most new Windows devices were revealed in the past several years, and this year it probably won’t be any differ... Deals Deals Microsoft launch a $20 post-holidays Xbox One discount, available for $279 If you managed to miss all the great Xbox One discounts this holiday season, or maybe want to spend some of the cash gifts you received last week, Microsoft has a deal for you. They are offe... Deal Alert: Snag a 200GB Micro SD card from Amazon for just $63 Out of space of your Surface or Windows phone? Amazon is offering the 200GB Sandisk Micro SD memory card for jut $63 in the USA today. Ideal for premium Android-based smartphones and tablets... Deal Alert: Microsoft begins second week of Xbox countdown deals, offering 50% c... Microsoft has released the second week of their Xbox Countdown deals, and you can purchase the following Xbox One games from up to 60% off. While the initial game list was full of A-Listers ... Deal: Get 10% off Surface Book devices in the UK Amazon UK is now offering 10% discount on Surface Book devices. You can get £130 discount on the entry-level Surface Book model. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB/model is now availa... Deal Alert: Last 12 hours to get ReCore for Xbox One half-price for just $19.99 You can still get the popular adventure game ReCore for just $19.99 from the Microsoft Store. Experience a new masterpiece from Keiji Inafune and the makers of Metroid Prime. Explore a dyna... Microsoft cuts $300 from most Surface Pro 4 models till 31st December, Core i5 m... If you have any pennies left over from Christmas for the New Year’s sales Microsoft is happy to help relieve your wallet of that burden. The company is now offering up to $300 off most... Deal Alert: Save £60 on the Sandisk Ultra 256 GB microSD card, only 7 hours lef... A microSD card is a quick and easy way to add storage to your phone or PC, and if your PC has a SD card slot, with the right adapter is the perfect way to add back-up and versioning to your ... Deal: Get $100 discount on HTC VIVE VR System, plus free $100 gift code and two ... You can now get the HTC VIVE VR system for $699 ($100 discount) from Microsoft Store in the US. Along with the discount, you can also get free $100 Microsoft Store gift card and two free gam... Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for £699 Argos UK is now selling Surface Pro 4 device with 128GB / Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for just £699. You can also save £20 on Microsoft Office 365 when bought with this devic... Deal: Get the recently released ‘Final Fantasy XV’ on Xbox One for o... Online retailer Amazon has been offering tons of deals this holiday season in an effort to help you with your gift giving, and one of the retailer’s ongoing perks, the Gold Box’ ... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Tue,  03 January 2017 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 6.10   -0.20 -3.17%   1STPRIMFMF 12.30   -0.20 -1.60%   AAMRATECH 33.50   -0.60 -1.76%   ABB1STMF 6.00   -0.10 -1.64%   ABBANK 21.80   -0.40 -1.80%   ACI   16.30   ACIFORMULA 161.20   8.50 5.57%   ACMELAB 106.20   4.20 4.12%   ACTIVEFINE 45.70   1.70 3.86%   AFCAGRO 55.00   2.30 4.36%   AFTABAUTO 61.30   2.70 4.61%   AGNISYSL 21.20   0.00 0.00%   AGRANINS 23.70   -0.30 -1.25%   AIBL1STIMF 8.20   0.00 0.00%   AL-HAJTEX 91.80   2.00 2.23%   ALARABANK 16.00   0.00 0.00%   ALLTEX 13.30   1.20 9.92%   AMANFEED 73.60   1.00 1.38%   AMBEEPHA 391.10   4.50 1.16%   AMCL(PRAN) 213.90   4.70 2.25%   ANLIMAYARN 30.70   0.30 0.99%   ANWARGALV 72.80   2.50 3.56%   APEXFOODS 140.80   0.40 0.28%   APEXFOOT 342.60   -0.20 -0.06%   APEXSPINN 111.50   1.90 1.73%   APEXTANRY 140.00   -0.90 -0.64%   APOLOISPAT 20.50   -0.30 -1.44%   ARAMIT 388.70   20.10 5.45%   ARAMITCEM 44.90   4.00 9.78%   ARGONDENIM 31.70   -0.60 -1.86%   ASIAINS 20.40   0.90 4.62%   ASIAPACINS 21.00   1.90 9.95%   ATCSLGF 10.60   0.10 0.95%   ATLASBANG 115.60   0.50 0.43%   AZIZPIPES 69.00   -1.00 -1.43%   BANGAS 127.40   2.20 1.76%   BANKASIA 17.90   -0.20 -1.10%   BARKAPOWER 31.30   -0.20 -0.63%   BATASHOE 1154.00   2.00 0.17%   BATBC   -0.10   BAYLEASING 24.10   -0.50 -2.03%   BBS   4.00   BDAUTOCA 88.70   7.30 8.97%   BDCOM   -0.10   BDFINANCE 15.40   -0.20 -1.28%   BDLAMPS 181.90   3.10 1.73%   BDTHAI 25.60   0.20 0.79%   BDWELDING 14.40   1.00 7.46%   BEACHHATCH 12.60   0.80 6.78%   BEACONPHAR 22.60   0.20 0.89%   BENGALWTL 51.50   -1.20 -2.28%   BERGERPBL 2329.90   12.10 0.52%   BEXIMCO 27.40   1.10 4.18%   BGIC   0.80   BIFC   -0.80   BNICL   0.30   BRACBANK 63.90   -0.30 -0.47%   BSC   -3.80   BSCCL   1.20   BSRMLTD 136.60   6.10 4.67%   BSRMSTEEL 97.00   4.20 4.53%   BXPHARMA 83.80   2.60 3.20%   BXSYNTH 9.00   -0.10 -1.10%   CENTRALINS 18.70   0.20 1.08%   CENTRALPHL 22.60   0.50 2.26%   CITYBANK 26.60   -0.30 -1.12%   CITYGENINS 17.50   0.70 4.17%   CMCKAMAL 23.00   0.10 0.44%   CNATEX 10.60   -0.30 -2.75%   CONFIDCEM 118.00   4.40 3.87%   CONTININS 20.50   1.80 9.63%   CVOPRL 208.00   4.80 2.36%   DACCADYE 9.30   0.10 1.09%   DAFODILCOM 44.00   1.00 2.33%   DBH   2.80   DBH1STMF 7.60   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 107.20   5.30 5.20%   DELTASPINN 10.60   -0.40 -3.64%   DESCO   1.50   DESHBANDHU 12.40   0.00 0.00%   DHAKABANK 17.90   -0.30 -1.65%   DHAKAINS 24.60   1.30 5.58%   DOREENPWR 108.40   -3.20 -2.87%   DSHGARME 302.70   6.80 2.30%   DSSL   -0.50   DULAMIACOT 9.90   0.90 10.00%   DUTCHBANGL 116.00   -1.30 -1.11%   EASTERNINS 27.60   0.30 1.10%   EASTLAND 23.10   -0.30 -1.28%   EASTRNLUB 1232.00   7.20 0.59%   EBL   0.10   EBL1STMF 6.90   0.30 4.55%   EBLNRBMF 7.90   0.40 5.33%   ECABLES 141.00   1.10 0.79%   EHL   1.20   EMERALDOIL 39.90   -1.00 -2.44%   ENVOYTEX 39.00   -0.30 -0.76%   ETL   -0.40   EXIM1STMF 7.90   -0.30 -3.66%   EXIMBANK 11.60   -0.30 -2.52%   FAMILYTEX 9.60   -0.30 -3.03%   FARCHEM 24.90   0.90 3.75%   FAREASTFIN 12.20   -0.60 -4.69%   FAREASTLIF 72.40   4.10 6.00%   FASFIN 14.20   -0.70 -4.70%   FBFIF   0.00   FEDERALINS 14.20   0.60 4.41%   FEKDIL 28.50   1.20 4.40%   FINEFOODS 25.80   -0.40 -1.53%   FIRSTFIN 10.90   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTSBANK 13.20   -0.50 -3.65%   FORTUNE 52.20   0.00 0.00%   FUWANGCER 17.70   -0.60 -3.28%   FUWANGFOOD 15.90   -0.40 -2.45%   GBBPOWER 19.60   -0.70 -3.45%   GEMINISEA 727.50   7.40 1.03%   GENNEXT 9.80   -0.10 -1.01%   GHAIL   5.20   GHCL   0.40   GLAXOSMITH 1536.40   0.00 0.00%   GLOBALINS 17.60   -0.30 -1.68%   GOLDENSON 22.80   0.50 2.24%   GP   1.80   GPHISPAT 35.00   0.20 0.57%   GQBALLPEN 73.00   2.60 3.69%   GRAMEENS2 12.70   0.10 0.79%   GREENDELMF 7.60   0.20 2.70%   GREENDELT 54.40   2.00 3.82%   GSPFINANCE 24.50   -0.60 -2.39%   HAKKANIPUL 51.00   2.20 4.51%   HEIDELBCEM 543.00   -1.00 -0.18%   HFL   -0.30   HRTEX   1.30   HWAWELLTEX 39.80   -0.90 -2.21%   IBBLPBOND 984.50   -0.50 -0.05%   IBNSINA 217.00   13.40 6.58%   ICB   11.10   ICB1STNRB 21.10   0.20 0.96%   ICB2NDNRB 8.80   0.00 0.00%   ICB3RDNRB 6.10   0.00 0.00%   ICBAMCL2ND 6.30   -0.10 -1.56%   ICBEPMF1S1 6.70   -0.20 -2.90%   ICBIBANK 4.90   -0.20 -3.92%   ICBSONALI1 6.70   -0.10 -1.47%   IDLC   -1.20   IFADAUTOS 106.00   0.30 0.28%   IFIC   -0.30   IFIC1STMF 5.70   -0.20 -3.39%   IFILISLMF1 7.50   0.30 4.17%   ILFSL   -0.30   IMAMBUTTON 17.80   -1.00 -5.32%   INTECH 15.20   -0.30 -1.94%   IPDC   1.80   ISLAMIBANK 29.90   -0.40 -1.32%   ISLAMICFIN 18.80   -0.60 -3.09%   ISLAMIINS 20.10   0.90 4.69%   ISNLTD 14.10   -0.20 -1.40%   ITC   0.90   JAMUNABANK 15.80   -0.10 -0.63%   JAMUNAOIL 185.50   3.40 1.87%   JANATAINS 14.00   0.30 2.19%   JMISMDL 178.80   3.50 2.00%   JUTESPINN 55.00   0.50 0.92%   KARNAPHULI 16.10   0.30 1.90%   KAY&QUE 33.80   -0.20 -0.59%   KBPPWBIL 22.20   0.60 2.78%   KDSALTD 89.00   -0.60 -0.67%   KEYACOSMET 13.20   0.10 0.76%   KOHINOOR 379.00   1.50 0.40%   KPCL   0.70   KPPL   -0.10   LAFSURCEML 83.10   1.00 1.22%   LANKABAFIN 35.90   0.00 0.00%   LEGACYFOOT 23.80   0.30 1.28%   LIBRAINFU 497.00   4.80 0.98%   LINDEBD 1277.20   -27.30 -2.09%   LRGLOBMF1 7.20   0.00 0.00%   MAKSONSPIN 9.30   0.40 4.49%   MALEKSPIN 18.00   0.00 0.00%   MARICO 984.90   -7.50 -0.76%   MATINSPINN 42.00   0.20 0.48%   MBL1STMF 7.40   0.00 0.00%   MEGCONMILK 12.90   0.20 1.57%   MEGHNACEM 108.40   3.00 2.85%   MEGHNALIFE 59.50   3.30 5.87%   MEGHNAPET 11.00   0.90 8.91%   MERCANBANK 14.70   -0.30 -2.00%   MERCINS 17.00   0.40 2.41%   METROSPIN 8.90   0.20 2.30%   MHSML   -1.30   MICEMENT 84.00   1.70 2.07%   MIDASFIN 27.20   -0.80 -2.86%   MIRACLEIND 58.60   -1.30 -2.17%   MITHUNKNIT 57.50   1.30 2.31%   MJLBD   2.50   MODERNDYE 180.50   0.80 0.45%   MONNOCERA 42.70   1.70 4.15%   MONNOSTAF 555.00   24.10 4.54%   MPETROLEUM 175.00   3.90 2.28%   MTB   -0.40   NATLIFEINS 192.10   -2.30 -1.18%   NAVANACNG 79.30   -0.40 -0.50%   NBL   0.20   NCCBANK 13.40   0.30 2.29%   NCCBLMF1 7.70   0.20 2.67%   NFML   0.40   NHFIL   1.80   NITOLINS 23.80   0.60 2.59%   NLI1STMF 12.80   -0.30 -2.29%   NORTHERN 227.10   8.00 3.65%   NORTHRNINS 21.50   1.10 5.39%   NPOLYMAR 78.00   3.60 4.84%   NTC   54.00   NTLTUBES 132.00   5.20 4.10%   OAL   0.00   OLYMPIC 307.00   -1.80 -0.58%   ONEBANKLTD 17.70   -0.10 -0.56%   ORIONINFU 62.80   1.90 3.12%   ORIONPHARM 42.80   0.80 1.90%   PADMALIFE 29.60   0.60 2.07%   PADMAOIL 183.50   2.70 1.49%   PARAMOUNT 19.50   0.70 3.72%   PENINSULA 35.70   2.70 8.18%   PEOPLESINS 18.70   0.40 2.19%   PF1STMF 7.00   0.40 6.06%   PHARMAID 254.00   11.70 4.83%   PHENIXINS 26.70   -1.00 -3.61%   PHOENIXFIN 26.90   -0.60 -2.18%   PHPMF1 5.80   0.10 1.75%   PIONEERINS 31.40   0.50 1.62%   PLFSL   0.10   POPULAR1MF 5.70   0.00 0.00%   POPULARLIF 74.10   4.60 6.62%   POWERGRID 56.00   1.50 2.75%   PRAGATIINS 28.10   0.70 2.55%   PRAGATILIF 100.90   0.90 0.90%   PREMIERBAN 10.00   -0.20 -1.96%   PREMIERCEM 90.10   -0.70 -0.77%   PREMIERLEA 14.30   0.00 0.00%   PRIME1ICBA 6.40   0.40 6.67%   PRIMEBANK 17.50   -0.30 -1.69%   PRIMEFIN 10.90   0.50 4.81%   PRIMEINSUR 19.20   0.70 3.78%   PRIMELIFE 66.80   1.90 2.93%   PRIMETEX 23.00   0.40 1.77%   PROGRESLIF 53.00   -1.00 -1.85%   PROVATIINS 18.60   0.20 1.09%   PTL   0.00   PUBALIBANK 23.90   0.10 0.42%   PURABIGEN 18.00   0.50 2.86%   QSMDRYCELL 98.00   0.30 0.31%   RAHIMAFOOD 127.20   -5.90 -4.43%   RAHIMTEXT 251.60   8.40 3.45%   RAKCERAMIC 64.30   1.10 1.74%   RANFOUNDRY 116.20   4.70 4.22%   RDFOOD 18.60   -0.30 -1.59%   RECKITTBEN 1540.00   -10.10 -0.65%   REGENTTEX 17.10   -0.60 -3.39%   RELIANCE1 9.60   -0.20 -2.04%   RELIANCINS 51.40   1.30 2.59%   RENATA 1082.00   -0.20 -0.02%   RENWICKJA 644.80   14.00 2.22%   REPUBLIC 24.90   0.60 2.47%   RNSPIN 27.90   1.10 4.10%   RSRMSTEEL 81.70   1.10 1.36%   RUPALIBANK 26.90   -0.20 -0.74%   RUPALIINS 19.50   0.50 2.63%   RUPALILIFE 41.00   3.70 9.92%   SAFKOSPINN 14.60   -0.30 -2.01%   SAIFPOWER 52.60   0.50 0.96%   SAIHAMCOT 16.70   -0.50 -2.91%   SAIHAMTEX 16.20   -0.30 -1.82%   SALAMCRST 39.80   0.70 1.79%   SALVOCHEM 17.30   -0.50 -2.81%   SAMATALETH 33.90   -0.10 -0.29%   SAMORITA 79.10   7.00 9.71%   SANDHANINS 34.90   1.30 3.87%   SAPORTL 51.00   -1.00 -1.92%   SEBL1STMF 12.30   0.10 0.82%   SEMLLECMF 10.50   -0.20 -1.87%   SHAHJABANK 14.90   -0.10 -0.67%   SHASHADNIM 76.40   2.90 3.95%   SHURWID 13.50   -0.90 -6.25%   SHYAMPSUG 27.90   0.40 1.45%   SIBL   -0.20   SIMTEX 22.00   0.80 3.77%   SINGERBD 200.30   2.70 1.37%   SINOBANGLA 29.40   0.30 1.03%   SONALIANSH 194.00   3.90 2.05%   SONARBAINS 17.80   0.00 0.00%   SONARGAON 11.80   0.60 5.36%   SOUTHEASTB 18.40   -0.10 -0.54%   SPCERAMICS 11.50   0.50 4.55%   SPCL   4.90   SQUARETEXT 70.20   0.80 1.15%   SQURPHARMA 249.00   0.80 0.32%   STANCERAM 54.20   1.20 2.26%   STANDARINS 17.90   0.20 1.13%   STANDBANKL 11.90   -0.30 -2.46%   STYLECRAFT 1382.00   16.20 1.19%   SUMITPOWER 39.10   1.70 4.55%   SUNLIFEINS 23.30   1.80 8.37%   TAKAFULINS 18.30   0.20 1.10%   TALLUSPIN 11.80   0.30 2.61%   TITASGAS 49.50   -0.60 -1.20%   TOSRIFA 22.30   0.20 0.90%   TRUSTB1MF 6.30   0.10 1.61%   TRUSTBANK 23.80   0.00 0.00%   TUNGHAI 12.60   -0.30 -2.33%   UCB   -0.20   UNIONCAP 20.40   -0.70 -3.32%   UNIQUEHRL 56.10   -0.80 -1.41%   UNITEDAIR 6.70   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDFIN 23.50   -0.50 -2.08%   UNITEDINS 25.60   -0.30 -1.16%   UPGDCL 146.10   3.30 2.31%   USMANIAGL 90.30   -1.10 -1.20%   UTTARABANK 24.70   0.10 0.41%   UTTARAFIN 61.60   0.50 0.82%   VAMLBDMF1 9.60   0.30 3.23%   VAMLRBBF 8.80   -0.10 -1.12%   WATACHEM 178.00   6.30 3.67%   WMSHIPYARD 33.80   0.60 1.81%   YPL   0.60   ZAHEENSPIN 21.30   0.70 3.40%   ZAHINTEX 19.40   -0.50 -2.51%   ZEALBANGLA 37.00   -4.10 -9.98%   Latest News Brazil prison riot leaves 50 dead Stocks close higher: DSE turnover crosses 14b-mark Hopes in the New Year  Murder of MP Liton  New Year mayhem at Istanbul   Easing cities of migrants' pressure On rural income Option for city government   President to hold EC formation talks with AL on Jan 11 Corruption and its dimension: Prevention and deterrence SPM and pipelines installation will save cost for imported petroleum TIME - 08:34 am National President to hold EC formation talks with AL Economy New Tk 5 note from Jan 5 World Brazil prison riot leaves 50 dead Stock Stocks close higher: DSE turnover crosses 14b-mark Govt bans local ads on downlinked TV channels TOP NEWS SIM sales dipped in 2016, internet users increased   Myanmar investigates Rohingya abuse video MP Liton laid to rest in Gaibandha World's highest bridge opens to traffic in China Cabinet approves draft of housing research institute bill Cabinet okays draft of CDA act  ACC regains public trust through crackdown in 2016 IS claims Turkey attack Indian SC bans religion in electioneering Whither goes winter?  Hopes in the New Year  January 2, 2017, 9:10 pm WE stepped into a New Year when year 2016 came to a close. This year like all other years in the past began with a lot of hope and promise. This year we can hope for a better political and Read more Murder of MP Liton  January 2, 2017, 9:09 pm ON the New Year night, the news that rocked us was the gruesome murder of the current MP of Gaibandha-1 Monjurul Islam Liton. The police is still investigating into the incident and we sincerely hope that the mystery would be Read more Economy China to cut coal capacity China aims to optimise the structure of its coal production by reducing outdated capacity and increasing the use of cleaner products. The world's largest coal producer and consumer will cut outdated Cost of living rises in Dhaka January 2, 2017, 10:56 am Remittance drops in last year January 2, 2017, 10:25 am Corporate tax climbs January 2, 2017, 10:09 am CAB estimates 6.7pc hike in living expense in 2016 January 1, 2017, 5:54 pm Vietnam's FDI disbursement hits record high in 2016 December 30, 2016, 7:20 pm Finance 'Getting sufficient investment a major challenge in 2017' Finance Minister Abul Maal Abdul Muhith said getting sufficient investment would be a major challenge of Bangladesh’s economy in 2017. "Investment is still a challenge," was his reply to a query from a reporter on Sunday, reports bdnews24.com. In 2016, poverty alleviation, PCBs’ operating profits slow Indians crowd banks on rupee deposit deadline day Industrial term loan on lower curve Banks stable overall: RBI Editorial Option for city government   When the development paradigm shift in favour of equitable distribution Option for city government   When the development paradigm shift in favour of equitable distribution Op-Ed New Year mayhem at Istanbul   ON the New Year's eve, 39 people were killed in New Year mayhem at Istanbul   ON the New Year's eve, 39 people were killed in Easing cities of migrants' pressure Mass exodus of internal migrants to urban centres has led Easing cities of migrants' pressure Mass exodus of internal migrants to urban centres has led On rural income Income is considered to be one of the most important On rural income Income is considered to be one of the most important Stock Stocks see steep rise in early trading Stocks witnessed sharp rise in early hours on Monday, the second trading session of the New Year, as investors continued New Year’s first session sees rally 11 companies offer IPOs of Tk 8.49b in 2016 Global stocks brace for 2017 shocks Stock Market: 2016 saw slow but steady revival US stocks end slump Hong Kong stocks end higher Stocks stocky on New Year Day China stocks rise slightly National OIC to discuss Rohingya issue on Jan 19 The member states of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) will come together in Kuala Lumpur on January 19 to discuss possible actions on the situation of the Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar. Sources said, this is going to be an ‘extraordinary’ meeting of the Council of Foreign Ministers. State Minister for Foreign Affairs Md Shahriar Alam is expected to represent Khagrachhari Upazila chairman arrested Govt plans to add 1,840 MW power in 2017 Sister files complaint over MP Liton murder 2,850 phensedyl bottles recovered Police nab 37 in Dinajpur Satkhira police arrest 22 Highway pile-up kills one Weather likely to remain dry Trade and Market Veg output rises steadily Bangladesh vegetable yields have jumped by 32 per cent in the last six years, agriculture ministry data show.  This contrasts with a lower level of habit in its intake.  The data shows the country grew 14.4347 million tonnes vegetables in 2015-16 fiscal year, up by 3.5 million from 2009-10.  A staple crop, potato has marked a 10 per cent rise in production since Tiger Tours joins hands with Airspan Iran, ATR set to sign deal for 20 passenger planes Hyundai, Kia aim to increase sales Brent curve signals oil tanks will start emptying in 2nd half of 2017: Analyst Walton sets up ‘Mega premier pavilion’ at DITF-17 Leather goods ‘Product of the Year’ Apple to cut iPhone production Oil prices ends year with biggest gain since 2009 World Prankster alters LA's landmark sign The iconic hillside sign overlooking Southern California's film-and-television hub was defaced overnight in honour of marijuana. Residents awoke on Sunday to Istanbul nightclub attack: manhunt continues  Convicted inmates escape in Bahrain jailbreak Drunk 'Sunwing' pilot held before take-off Sci-tech PM opens dot bangla domain Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina officially launched the long-awaited internationalised domain name (IDN) dot bangla, paving the way to build websites Moderate to thick fog likely PM to inaugurate dot bangla domain Saturday Weather may remain dry Education Primary exams a confidence booster: PM Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina says certificates awarded to fifth-graders for clearing the Primary Education Completion and Ebtedayee exams will help gain confidence. "When students get certificates, it creates a sense of achievement among them," she said on Thursday after publishing the results for this year's public exams. The success rate for this year's PEC exams for school students stands at 98.51 per cent while 95.85 per cent madrasa-goers cleared the Ebtedayee exams. Results to the Junior School Certificate (JSC) and Junior Dhakil Certificate ... All failed at 28 education institutions 98.51pc pass in PEC, 95.85pc in Ebtedayee 93.06pc pass in JSC, JDC Sports Indian SC removes two BCCI officials Indian Supreme Court (SC) has ordered the removal of two cricket administrators for failing to reform the country's cricket body Giroud stunner sets up Gunner win Reds down City Chelsea gets 13th straight win Health Burger King to curb antibiotics in chicken Restaurant chains Burger King and Tim Hortons plan to switch to chicken raised without antibiotics considered "critically important" to human medicine, their owner said on Wednesday, making it the latest company to ditch the drugs over health concerns. Restaurant Brands International Inc, which owns both chains, said it aims to make the change in US stores in 2017 and in Canada in 2018. An estimated 70 percent of antibiotics that are important to fighting human infections and ensuring the safety of invasive ... Healthcare spending for US kids up 56pc in 20 yrs Scientists use magnetic stem cells to fight cancer Teens change view of pot in US state Entertainment ‘Dangal’ breaks yet another record Aamir Khan's 'Dangal' has been on a record-breaking spree ever since its release.  The Nitesh Tiwari film has been smashing all Jasimuddin’s birth anniversary today Twitter to live stream Burj Khalifa's New Year celebration Halle Berry-Olivier Martinez's divorce finalised Politics Nasim asks BNP to leave Jamaat Health Minister Mohammad Nasim asked BNP to discard Jamaat-e-Islami from their ally. Nasim said this while briefing newsmen after holding a meeting of 14-party alliance at Dhanmondi’s political office on Sunday (December 25), reports banglanews24.com Nasim, also presidium member of ruling Awami League, also criticised BNP saying they are demeaning the fair, free and peaceful Narayanganj City Corporation (NCC) by making degrading comments, reports banglanews24.com. Asking BNP to leave Jamaat-e-Islami, the AL leader said: “BNP will never achieve victory by forming alliance with ... Pictures should be in photo albums, not posters:Hamid Jamaat-Shibir murdered Liton: Nanok MP Liton's first Janaza held in Rangpur Country Prospect of lentil production bright in Rajshahi region RAJSHAHI, Jan 02 (BSS): Prospects of boosting additional 0.1 million tonnes of lentil output is bright in the region including the vast barind tract. Agri officials, scientists and researchers concerned revealed the prospect referring to some on-farm research findings. They evaluated a set of techniques to address how to use residual soil moisture in rain-fed areas, higher cost of production and low productivity due to late planting in the region. They laid emphasis on substantial and sustainable promotion of high yielding varieties ... Black gram cultivation signals bumper yield in Bogra Number of jute sack units on rise in Nilphamari Organic method boosting bottle gourd farming in Gopalganj PHOTO GALLERY Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina pays tributes to slain lawmaker Manjurul Islam Liton by placing wreaths on his coffin that at the South Plaza of Jatiya Sangsad on Monday. –Focus Bangla Photo Ministers, Awami League leaders, politicians attend the namaz-e-janaza of slain lawmaker Manjurul Islam Liton at the South Plaza of Jatiya Sangsad on Monday. –Focus Bangla Photo Thousands of people take part at the first Namaz-e-Janaza of lawmaker Manzurul Islam Liton at Rangpur Police Lines School and College ground on Sunday. –BSS Photo Agitated leaders and activists of Awami League block a street in Gaibandha district on Sunday morning protesting the murder of Gaibandha-1 lawmaker Manjurul Islam Liton. –bdnews24.com photo President Md Abdul Hamid inaugurates the new office building for the commission at Agargaon area in Dhaka. –bdnews24.com photo more news Corruption and its dimension: Prevention and deterrence January 2, 2017, 8:24 pm SPM and pipelines installation will save cost for imported petroleum January 2, 2017, 8:20 pm Can Saudi Arabia reform itself? January 2, 2017, 8:16 pm Rangpur vegetable growers making high profit from plentiful output January 2, 2017, 8:15 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 154 ISSUES DECLINED 88 Most popular Corporate tax climbs January 2, 2017, 10:09 am Remittance drops in last year January 2, 2017, 10:25 am Cost of living rises in Dhaka January 2, 2017, 10:56 am How killers did recce of MP Liton January 2, 2017, 10:02 am PM pays respects to slain MP January 2, 2017, 1:02 pm Veg output rises steadily January 2, 2017, 2:28 pm Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG ICB 111.00 122.10 112.00 122.10 10.00 ARAMITCEM 40.90 44.90 43.50 44.90 9.78 PENINSULA 33.00 36.30 33.40 36.20 9.70 RUPALILIFE 37.30 41.00 37.60 40.90 9.65 CONTININS 18.70 20.50 18.70 20.50 9.63 SAMORITA 72.10 79.30 73.00 79.00 9.57 GHAIL 52.40 57.60 53.00 57.30 9.35 ASIAPACINS 19.10 21.00 19.40 20.70 8.38 BBS 52.00 57.20 52.10 56.20 8.08 MEGHNALIFE 56.20 60.70 56.10 60.30 7.30 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation CONTININS 18.70 20.50 18.70 20.50 9.63 RUPALILIFE 37.60 41.00 37.60 41.00 9.04 ICB 112.00 122.10 112.00 122.10 9.02 SAMORITA 73.00 79.30 73.00 79.10 8.36 ASIAPACINS 19.40 21.00 19.40 21.00 8.25 GHAIL 53.40 57.60 53.00 57.60 7.87 POPULARLIF 68.80 75.30 68.80 74.10 7.70 BBS 52.30 57.20 52.10 56.00 7.08 PENINSULA 33.40 36.30 33.40 35.70 6.89 GREENDELT 50.90 54.40 50.90 54.40 6.88 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG ZEALBANGLA 41.10 42.80 37.00 37.00 -9.98 BIFC 11.40 11.90 10.60 10.70 -6.14 SHYAMPSUG 27.50 27.90 24.80 25.90 -5.82 SHURWID 14.40 14.30 13.50 13.70 -4.86 MHSML 22.20 22.50 20.70 21.20 -4.51 FASFIN 14.90 15.20 14.20 14.30 -4.03 RAHIMAFOOD 133.10 139.00 127.00 127.90 -3.91 FAREASTFIN 12.80 13.00 12.10 12.30 -3.91 EXIM1STMF 8.20 8.40 7.80 7.90 -3.66 FIRSTSBANK 13.70 13.80 13.10 13.20 -3.65 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation IMAMBUTTON 20.40 20.60 17.20 17.80 -12.75 BIFC 11.90 11.90 10.60 10.60 -10.92 ZEALBANGLA 41.00 42.80 37.00 37.00 -9.76 RAHIMAFOOD 137.60 139.00 127.00 127.20 -7.56 UNITEDINS 27.50 27.60 25.50 25.60 -6.91 SAMATALETH 36.20 37.20 33.80 33.90 -6.35 SEMLLECMF 11.20 11.20 10.30 10.50 -6.25 FASFIN 15.10 15.20 14.20 14.20 -5.96 EXIM1STMF 8.40 8.40 7.80 7.90 -5.95 SHURWID 14.30 14.30 13.50 13.50 -5.59 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 20072008200920102011201220132014201520162017 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved Powered by :
SCOUT Sooner Intel: Calm before storm Bob Przybylo 09/02/2016 Intel returns with an update on OU's major visiting weekend coming up in two weeks. Oklahoma looks like it’s going to be throwing everything and the kitchen sink into Ohio State weekend. Both on the field and on the recruiting trail. Where in the past the Sooners have sort of staggered official visits, the mentality this time around seems to be to converge in Norman when the Buckeyes come to town. We’re still two weeks away from the game itself, but here are confirmed official visitors when you know full well plenty of more are coming and a crazy amount of 2018 unofficial visitors will be making their way to OU that evening as well. SoonerSquad17 commits QB Chris Robison RB Trey Sermon WR Jalen Reagor WR Charleston Rambo C Creed Humphrey OLB Kenneth Murray CB Tre Brown Targets http://www.scout.com/player/204366-kobe-boyce?s=73 Lake Dallas (Texas) High CB Kobe Boyce (committed to Texas) http://www.scout.com/player/188281-greg-rogers?s=73 Las Vegas Arbor View DT Greg Rogers http://www.scout.com/player/189493-jeffrey-okudah?s=73 South Grand Prairie (Texas) ATH Jeffrey Okudah null   Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout OU photo gallery: Sugar Bowl Rose Bowl Preview SoonerSquad17 spotlight: U.S. Army Bowl Setting the stage: Sugar Bowl OU's Samaje Perine focused on Sugar Bowl Sooners Illustrated Top Stories SoonerSquad17 spotlight: U.S. Army Bowl Huge week for SoonerSquad17 with U.S. Army All-American Bowl on tap. by Bob Przybylo Sooners Illustrated9:00 AM LIVE Game Chat: Sugar BowlTime for talking is done. Time for the Sugar Bowl. OU vs. Auburn. by Bob Przybylo Sooners Illustrated2:49 AM Setting the stage: Sugar BowlOU's offense is back on big stage and hoping for better results than last few occasions. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 8:12 PM OU photo gallery: Sugar BowlA collection of images from Sooners Illustrated following OU at the Sugar Bowl. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 7:52 AM Quoteboard: OU in New Orleans Some of the best quotes from the week that was for OU in New Orleans. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 6:58 AM Video: Obo on OU's defensive pride OU linebacker Ogbonnia Okoronkwo talks about Sooners' defensive pride heading into Sugar Bowl. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedSaturday at 8:42 AM Five questions: Auburn Get to know Auburn just a little bit better with help from Jason Caldwell. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedSaturday at 7:12 AM OU's Samaje Perine focused on Sugar BowlOU running back Samaje Perine is only focused on Sugar Bowl. Time for NFL Draft talk will come later. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedFriday at 9:32 AM Okoronkwo more than a last nameOU's Ogbonnia Okoronkwo is now known for a lot more than just his unique name. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedThursday at 8:25 AM OU still standing with Marvin Wilson OU isn't thought to be the favorite of Marvin Wilson, but the Sooners continue to make the cut for the No. 1-ranked defensive tackle. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedWednesday at 4:03 PM Scout 2017 Rankings DirectoryThe Scout positional, state, regional, national and team rankings for the Class of 2017... by Brandon Huffman Scout Football6:00 AM Sooners Illustrated Chat - Jan. 1, 2017Ring in the New Year the right way. First chat of 2017, one day away from Sugar Bowl between OU and Auburn. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 7:27 AMLoad More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets FOX Sports Sign In Sign Up Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Jobs © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.

null
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff Holiday Charity The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff Holiday Charity The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 26 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 2, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 2, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 26 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login TPG a possible bidder for Intel security unit McAfee By KIEL PORTER, OLGA KHARIF AND ALEX SHERMAN Bloomberg News First Published Sep 01 2016 05:09PM    •    Last Updated Sep 01 2016 05:09 pm Share This Article TPG is among potential bidders for Intel Corp.'s computer-security unit McAfee, people with knowledge of the matter said. The private equity firm has held preliminary discussions with Intel about a deal that could value McAfee at as much as $3 billion, said the people, who asked not to be named because the process is private. Intel is also talking to other potential bidders, including buyout firms and corporate suitors, they said. Talks are at an early stage and Intel may choose not to sell the business, the people said. The chipmaker hasn't hired banks to run a formal sale process, they said. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Some buyout firms that had shown preliminary interest in McAfee, including Permira Holdings and Thoma Bravo, are not currently actively pursuing the unit, the people said. The potential suitors were put off by slower-than-expected growth of the business and a lack of obvious cost reductions, two of the people said. Representatives for TPG, Intel and Thoma Bravo declined to comment. A spokeswoman for Permira didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. Intel is considering offloading the anti-virus software unit as part of a strategy to focus on its more profitable data-center business. The Santa Clara, Calif.-based chipmaker acquired McAfee in 2011 for $7.7 billion to build security features directly into its silicon products.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Salt Lake City ranked as nation's second-friendliest city Utah football: Utes hire Eastern Washington playcaller Troy Taylor as offensive coordinator Utah woman has no regrets quitting Mormon Tabernacle Choir over Trump inauguration performance Bears Ears backers say work is needed to ensure designation results in protection -- not degradation Kirby: Here's my 2017 Mormon church manual ELEVATE Ririe-Woodbury to Perform ‘Wiggle-Friendly’ Family Matinée as Part of its Winter Season   Six Days and Hundreds of Reasons to Attend EVE WinterFest   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Drinks Forums Reviews Video Longform Cities more Drinks Forums Reviews Video Longform Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Charleston Chicago Dallas Denver Detroit Houston Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami Minneapolis Montreal Nashville New Orleans New York Philadelphia Portland, OR San Diego San Francisco Seattle Washington DC ✕ News Pizza ATM Joins Cupcake ATM as Americans Get Lazier and Lazier New, 1 comment Tracking one of the universe's greatest creations by Dana Hatic@DanaHatic Sep 1, 2016, 1:59pm EDT tweet share pin Pizza ATM/Facebook This country may have birthed great tech giants like Apple, Microsoft, and Intel, but it was a company in France that created the one piece of technology Americans truly need: a pizza ATM. Last month, Xavier University in Cincinnati, Ohio became the first place in the country to kick into gear a machine that dispenses pizzas, Forbes reports. The pizza ATM can spit out pies within three minutes of ordering, making it a prime option for late-night dining on campus. The past few weeks were reportedly a test period for the machine, which (unsurprisingly) received high praise from students, a Xavier representative told Forbes. This glorious machine can hold 70 12-inch pizzas at a time, and customers can select their pizza pie of choice and pay with either a credit card or a student card, as previously reported. The pizzas are prepared by dining hall staff and cost $9 to $10 apiece. Starting September 8, the pizza ATM will be stocked twice a day. Yet, 140 pizzas hardly seems enough for the 6,000-plus students enrolled and any thrill-seekers who will inevitably flock to campus to try out the pizzas. The pizza ATM joins a cupcake ATM in Austin and actual cash ATMs everywhere in helping Americans reach peak lazy. But how soon until it's installed inside every 7-Eleven across the country? That day cannot come soon enough. • America's First Pizza ATM Is A Hit -- And Part Of An Expanding Menu Of Food Choices At Colleges [Forbes] • Pizza ATMs Are the Technology America Deserves [E] • 24/7 Cupcake ATM Storms Into Austin With Sprinkles [EATX] More From Eater The 2016 Eater Gift Guide Watch: How Quality Italian’s Serious Steakhouse Spread Is Made Escaping the Restaurant Industry's Motherhood Trap Eater Young Guns 2016: Meet the Winners “You Girls Having Fun?” Why Cookbooks Are Looking More and More Like Comic Books Most Read Every Single Food Trend That's Been Predicted for 2017 Anthony Bourdain: The Post-Election Interview Why the Food in ‘Final Fantasy XV’ Is So Damn Realistic This Article has a component height of 6. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Video Interlude News Ring in 2017 With the Tiniest New Year’s Eve Party Ever by Chris Fuhrmeister@ccfuhr It’s a miniature countdown to midnight New, 0 comments News RIP Year in Eater The Chefs and Food Personalities We Lost in 2016 by Daniela Galarza From chefs and food writers to inventors and founders New, 1 comment Scandals and Feuds News Year in Eater The Wildest Food Scandals of 2016 by Chris Fuhrmeister@ccfuhr From vomit-inducing food bars to a pizza shop-sex ring conspiracy theory, it’s been quite a year New, 0 comments Anthony Bourdain News Year in Eater Every Time Anthony Bourdain Made 2016 Better by Dana Hatic@DanaHatic A new cookbook, jiu-jitsu, dining with Obama, and more New, 0 comments News Year in Eater The 33 Restaurant and Food Stories That Dominated 2016 by Amanda Kludt The year's most buzzworthy events — and why they matter New, 0 comments Year in Eater Reports Every Single Food Trend That's Been Predicted for 2017 by Erin DeJesus Naan pizza is the new poke (lol) New, 0 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead Ethics Statement Newsletter All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
null
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Countdown to 2017 with HEXUS and ARM [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Laptop Tablets System Builders News 0 Lenovo launches Yoga devices, and more, at IFA 2016 by Mark Tyson on 1 September 2016, 13:01 Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac6ff Add to My Vault: Lenovo is at IFA 2016 and is another company to have a showcase featuring a multitude of computing and smart devices. The company unveiled several Yoga computing products plus a new Miix 2-in-1 and a new tablet. It also showcased various Moto smartphones and accessories. Lenovo Yoga Book Probably the most interesting new device from Lenovo is the Yoga Book, available in both Windows 10 and Android versions. Lenovo claims it is the "world’s thinnest and lightest 2-in-1 tablet". It introduces a couple of bold innovations; the Halo Keyboard, and the Real Pen input device. In fact these innovations share the same fold-out device area, where you might find the keyboard in a clamshell-style laptop. On this input 'blank canvas' you can use your fingers to type on an illuminated touchboard, or you can use a pen to take notes, draw and so on. In this note-taking mode you can rest things on the fold out area such as a ruled notebook or sketch. The Intel Atom x5-Z8550 powered Yoga Book offers up to 15 hours of battery life and weighs just 690g. This system has 4GB of RAM, 64GB storage (plus microSD), a 10.1" FHD IPS screen, various sensors, Dolby Audio Premium, cameras front and back, Wi-Fi, and optional 4G. The Windows 10 version costs £509.99, and the Android one is £429.99 – the LTE versions cost about £80 more. Lenovo is selling covers, pen, ink, and paper accessories. Other Lenovo devices The Yoga 910 is an all-metal sleek, powerful laptop with 4K IPS display. It can be configured with various latest generation Intel Core processors, up to 16Gb of RAM, and up to a 1TB PCIe SSD. Standard features include; a 720p webcam, JBL stereo speakers, the flexible Yoga watchband hinge, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, a fingerprint reader, backlit keyboard, and up to 9 hour of local video playback. Ports fitted to the Yoga 910 are a USB 3.0 Type-C with video-out, USB 2.0 Type-C with charging, USB 3.0 with always-on charging, and an audio combo jack. This slim portable laptop is just 14.3mm thick and weighs in at 1.4Kg. Pricing is €1499 including VAT / £1099. Lenovo also updated its Miix range with the Miix 510. This is a 12.2-inch (1920x1200) Windows 10 2-in-1 with 'all day battery life' (8 hours) and optional LTE connectivity. It's based around up to an 6th Gen Intel Core i7 processor, with up to 8GB of RAM and a 500GB HDD. This device weighs 900g, or 1.25Kg with attached keyboard. A modern USB 3.0 Type-C is accompanied by a standard USB 3.0 port, and an audio combo jack. Pricing is from €699 including VAT (including keyboard and pen) / £699.99. The last of Lenovo's computing devices is the Yoga Tab 3 Plus tablet. Featuring the now familiar rounded battery packed grip/stand, this is a 10.1-inch QHD (2560 x 1600) IPS screened Android tablet. Lenovo has built this device into a metal chassis with a textured, leather-like finished back. Inside beats a Snapdragon 625 Octa-core 1.4 GHz processor, 3GB of RAM, 32GB of storage (+ microSD), and a large 9,300mAh battery offering up to 18 hours of life. Other specs of this tablet include an 13MP/5MP camera pair, and a quad-speaker JBL soundbar. For connectivity there is Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and a Giga-LAN port, plus 2 x USB 3.0, 1x USB 2.0 (and power in), a micro HDMI out, an audio combo jack, and a 4-in-1 card reader. The Tab 3 Plus measures 247 x 179 x 4.68mm and weighs 638g. According to Lenovo this tablet is 'coming soon' and will be priced at €299 including VAT / £279.99. Related Reading 9 Asus ROG readying a GTX 1080 laptop that’s less than 17mm thick The slim new GX501 sports a 15.6-inch 4K UHD screen with Nvidia G-Sync support. 3 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 planned for Q1 2017 says report Device will sport UltraHD display and be made by Pegatron Technology. 0 Lenovo announces Windows 10 Signature Kaby Lake laptops Nine new laptops join the ThinkPad T-Series, L-Series, X-Series, and Yoga-Series. Dell updates XPS 15 laptop with Kaby Lake CPU and Pascal GPU Samsung updates its slim and light Notebook 9 line HEXUS Forums :: 0 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Log in to be the first to comment! MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to beyond 7GHz 9 2 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 3 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 4 Cryptic rumour points to air cooled AMD Ryzen hitting 5GHz 9 5 Taiwanese motherboard makers optimistic about AMD Ryzen 6 1 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 2 Day 13: Win an iiyama G-Master 4K monitor 19 3 Festive greetings from all at HEXUS 19 4 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 5 Day 16: Win a Zotac Zbox and Pimax VR 15 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Aerocool Targets Gamers and RGB Enthusiasts at CES 2017 2 Samsung introduces the stylish, powerful and practical Galaxy A 3 Experience 10 Years of ZOTAC Design and Engineering Excellence at CES 2017 4 Thecus launches two new Windows Storage Server Rackmount NAS 5 PQI into Fingerprint ID Application Market 6 Samsung to Introduce New Quantum Dot Curved Monitor at CES 2017 INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,942 Forum posts: 2,563,248 Forum threads: 247,030 Currently active users: 286 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
null
null
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming CES 2017 Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: Christmas Gift Guide Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Desktop PC News / HP's modular PC lets you snap on disk drives and 360 degree speakers HP's modular PC lets you snap on disk drives and 360 degree speakers by Joe Roberts 01 September 2016 0 shares Read Comments HP has debuted a new modular PC that lets users stack different add-ons to customise its functionality. The new Elite Slice is similar in size to a Mac Mini, with a base unit which is only 2 inches tall and contains an Intel Core i7 processor. But the device's real standout feature is the ability to stack various modules on top of the base unit, in order to add extra features such as disk drives and speakers. Related: iPhone 7 The Audio module comes with dual microphones and Bang & Olufsen-tuned speakers, while the HP Collaboration Cover adds capacitive touch keys for Skype Business calls. There's also the Wireless Charging Cover, which is launching next year and will allow the Slice to charge your smartphone, and the ODD module which adds a disk drive to the PC. And finally, HP gives you the option of adding a fingerprint sensor to the base unit to provide an extra level of security. The idea is that businesses can order just the parts they need to build a custom PC for their needs – such as powering a video conferencing. Related: IFA 2016 UK pricing is yet to be confirmed but the HP Elite Slice goes on sale this September in the US for $429 to $999, depending on the modules used. That's about £330 to £754. Alongside the new Elite Slice, HP debuted another desktop PC in the form of the Pavilion Wave. The new 10-inch tall Wave comes with a sixth-generation Intel chip, 16GB of RAM, and up to 2TB internal storage (or up to 1TB solid state drive). But it's the PC's novel triangular design that's the most striking, with the internals arranged around a speaker which projects sound upwards. A parabolic reflector on top of the tower then pumps the sound out in 360 degrees. As such, the device looks more like a portable speaker than a desktop PC. The speaker has also been tuned by none other than Bang & Olufsen, so you can expect decent sound quality from the Wave. Related: Best laptops for students There's also three USB 3.0 ports, a USB Type-C connection, HDMI, DisplayPort, Gigabit ethernet, and a microphone and headphone port. And if you want to run two 4K displays, the Wave should be able to handle such a demand with ease. The Pavilion Wave will be available for £680 in the UK, while the Elite Wave will start at £500. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week What do you think of HP's new PCs? Let us know in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Countdown to 2017 with HEXUS and ARM [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Laptop Peripherals Tablets News 2 Asus showcases Zen computing and lifestyle products at IFA by Mark Tyson on 1 September 2016, 10:00 Tags: ASUSTeK (TPE:2357) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac6eq Add to My Vault: Asus offered up another of its Zenvolution events at IFA yesterday. As well as all the obvious Zen devices, like smartphones, laptops, Transformer 2-in-1s, and tablets, there were various monitors, routers and computing accessories. Zenwatch 3 Asus has designed this round faced smartwatch in "jewelry-grade 316L stainless steel," with three attractive finishes; Gunmetal, Silver, and Rose Gold. Powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon Wear 2100 processor, the ZenWatch 3 promises fast and efficient, quick recharging, operation. The screen of the Zenwatch 3 is a 1.39-inch AMOLED display with 400 by 400 resolution and 287ppi pixel density, covered by curved 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass. IP67 water resistance ensures this smart wearable can endure the worst of the weather and sweat from your exercise regime. Asus has built various activity and fitness features into this Android Wear powered device via the ZenFit app. More Zen products Asus used IFA to showcase the ZenBook 3, packing the new Intel 7th generation Core i7 processors. Other vital specs are; 16GB of RAM, up to a 1TB PCIe 3.0 x4 ultra-fast SSD, a next-gen USB Type-C (USB-C) port, and powerful quad-speaker audio system by Harman Kardon. The Zenbook 3's screen is a high res 12.5-inch touch panel coated with Corning Gorilla Glass 4. The sleek and light Zenbook 3 (11.9mm thick and 910g) is made of aerospace-grade aluminium alloy. Despite its thinness, the full size backlit keyboard offers a 19.8mm key pitch and 0.8mm key travel. Other modern niceties include; a glass-covered Precision Touchpad incorporating palm-rejection technology, Smart Gestures, handwriting support, and a built-in fingerprint reader with Windows Hello support. The Zenbook 3 offers up to 9 hours of battery life and can fast charge up to 60 per cent capacity in under 50 minutes. Asus revealed the Transformer 3 Pro convertible. This is again 'precision crafted' from metal, aluminium this time, and is only 8.35mm thick. The tablet portion incorporates a stepless hinge mechanism. Included is the ASUS Transformer Cover backlit keyboard with 1.4mm key-travel. Central to this machine is its 12.6-inch display with 2880 x 1920 pixels (275ppi). If you buy the Asus Transformer 3 Pro you can specify an Intel Core i7 processor and up to a 1TB PCIe x4 ultra-fast SSD, and 16GB of high-speed 2133MHz RAM. The machine's reversible USB-C connector supports USB 3.1 Gen 2 devices at speeds up to 10Gbps, and incorporates Thunderbolt 3 for 40Gbps data transfers and support for dual external 4K UHD displays. You also have USB 3.0 and HDMI ports built-in. Windows Hello is supported by the built-in cameras. Asus has plenty of accessories available for the Transformer 3 Pro, as follows; the Asus Pen, a Universal Dock, an Audio Pod, and it is compatible with the ROG XG Station 2 external graphics card dock. If the Asus Transformer 3 Pro is a little too expensive, Asus is also offering a non-pro version with the same screen but various slower 7th gen Core processors, less RAM and storage but most of the other features intact. A new Zen tablet was showcased at IFA, the Asus ZenPad 3S 10. Asus is aiming high with this device so it sports some nice specs including a 9.7-inch QXGA (2048 by 1536) high-resolution touchscreen, super slim unibody aluminium chassis with very thin screen bezels, and impressive audio. Asus has fitted stereo speakers with NXP smart amplifier technology to support high-res audio up to 24-bit, and 192kHz. The new ZenPad is powered by a hexa-core MediaTek 8176 processor accompanied by 4GB of RAM. 64GB of storage is built-in and can be expanded via microSD. Furthermore, it's good to see a built-in fingerprint sensor for rapid locking/unlocking of the device. Stylus fans will be happy with the inclusion of the Asus Z Stylus offering a "natural pen-on-paper feel". Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 3.0 technology allows users to fully recharge this 5900mAh battery packing device in about 3 hours. A full charge allows up to 10 hours of movie watching or 12 hours of Wi-Fi web browsing. ZenScreen MB16AC I've given this product a call-out as its "the world’s lightest and slimmest Full HD portable monitor". The ZenScreen is a 15.6-inch device which is just 8mm thick and weighs 800g. Its 6.5mm bezels help it be even more portable than previous designs. This screen makes use of the combined power and video transmission of a hybrid USB-C port. Asus supplies a screen cover that doubles as a smart case/stand. However it says there's a pen hole at the screen's lower right corner for standing up the screen, in horizontal or vertical orientations, without that accessory. Related Reading 9 Asus ROG readying a GTX 1080 laptop that’s less than 17mm thick The slim new GX501 sports a 15.6-inch 4K UHD screen with Nvidia G-Sync support. 3 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 planned for Q1 2017 says report Device will sport UltraHD display and be made by Pegatron Technology. 0 Lenovo announces Windows 10 Signature Kaby Lake laptops Nine new laptops join the ThinkPad T-Series, L-Series, X-Series, and Yoga-Series. Dell updates XPS 15 laptop with Kaby Lake CPU and Pascal GPU Samsung updates its slim and light Notebook 9 line Asus ROG announces XG Station 2 final spec and availability Asus announces the Xonar U7 MKII USB soundcard Asus claims it 'outshines the competition' with Aura Sync HEXUS Forums :: 2 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by Sunderas - Thu 01 Sep 2016 12:42 Let's see the pricing Posted by eugenius - Tue 06 Sep 2016 10:38 Let's see the wireless model of that Asus screen. MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to beyond 7GHz 9 2 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 3 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 4 Cryptic rumour points to air cooled AMD Ryzen hitting 5GHz 9 5 Taiwanese motherboard makers optimistic about AMD Ryzen 6 1 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 2 Day 13: Win an iiyama G-Master 4K monitor 19 3 Festive greetings from all at HEXUS 19 4 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 5 Day 16: Win a Zotac Zbox and Pimax VR 15 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Aerocool Targets Gamers and RGB Enthusiasts at CES 2017 2 Samsung introduces the stylish, powerful and practical Galaxy A 3 Experience 10 Years of ZOTAC Design and Engineering Excellence at CES 2017 4 Thecus launches two new Windows Storage Server Rackmount NAS 5 PQI into Fingerprint ID Application Market 6 Samsung to Introduce New Quantum Dot Curved Monitor at CES 2017 INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,942 Forum posts: 2,563,248 Forum threads: 247,030 Currently active users: 286 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Qualcomm rolls out standalone VR headset reference design The Snapdragon-powered design will be available to manufacturers this year -- before Intel's Project Alloy. By Stephanie Condon for Between the Lines | September 1, 2016 -- 08:30 GMT (01:30 PDT) | Topic: Virtual Reality Qualcomm partnered with ODM Goertek to build the reference design for its standalone VR headset. Qualcomm Diving deeper into the virtual reality market, Qualcomm on Thursday unveiled a reference design for a standalone virtual reality head-mounted display (HMD) powered by the Snapdragon 820. The chipmaker plans to make the Snapdragon VR820 reference platform available by the fourth quarter of 2016 -- enabling manufacturers to potentially bring it to market ahead of Intel's Project Alloy headset -- signaling Qualcomm's commitment to VR. "We at Qualcomm are strong believers in the VR market," Hugo Swart, Qualcomm Home Entertainment business lead, told ZDNet. "We're seeing increasing demand for standalone VR HMDs -- a device that has all the processing plus connectivity, batteries -- all you need for an immersive experience in a single device." The standalone headset, rolled out at the IFA conference in Berlin, includes integrated eye tracking with two cameras, dual front-facing cameras for six degrees of freedom and see-through applications, and four microphones. It also comes with gyro, accelerometer, and magnetometer sensors. Qualcomm has partnered with original design manufacturer (ODM) Goertek to build the reference design. The company expects several of its OEM customers to roll out commercial products quickly after the reference design is made available at the end of this year. "What we want to highlight is that this is not something for R&D or study, this is really to go to market quickly," Swart said. By comparison, Intel's all-in-one reference design for a "merged reality" headset, called Project Alloy, will be available to developers and OEM partners in 2017. The Snapdragon 820 already powers a VR headset called the Pico Neo, but that device packs the hardware into a game controller that comes with the headset. Along with the Pico Neo, the Snapdragon 820 also supports Google's AR platform Tango. Meanwhile, the new Snapdragon 821 processor includes support for a VR software development kit (SDK) and provides compatibility with Google's new Daydream platform. With a standalone headset, Qualcomm expects VR to reach a broader audience, Swart explained. "Some VR implementations that require a PC, cables, additional accessories to provide head tracking -- they may not be a mass-market product, it requires installation, has a much higher price point than the mass market may accommodate," he said. special feature VR and AR: The Business Reality Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality are going to be useful for far more than just gaming. Read More Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Asus ZenFone AR leaked ahead of CES with Google Tango, Daydream support Innovation The 4 tech trends that will shape 2017, predicted by ZDNet editors Reviews Snap Spectacles Review: A fun way to capture memories, with potential for much more Innovation HTC to make mystery announcement 'For U' on January 12 × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
null
BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Flight simulator sets fire to airport Yorkshire council hit with prolonged web outage HPE bucks trend to retain high-end server crown Government calls for ideas on how to splash £400m on fibre Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing A vintage year for snoopers and big state-ists Twas the week before Xmas ... not a creature was stirring – except Microsoft admitting its Windows 10 upgrade pop-up went 'too far' Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Obama expels 35 Russian spies over election hacking Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers IT ops doesn't matter. Really? HPE: We're 'opening floodgates' for Synergy orders... a year after launch The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study ClusterHQ? More like Clusterfscked: Cluster bombs, says it came to market too early Windows 10 nags, Dirty Cow, Microsoft's Linux man love: The Reg's big ones for 2016 Check your privilege: CoreOS's container tech rkt gets priv-escalation defense on Intel chips Docker opens up crucial container plumbing code cunningly disguised as 'boring infrastructure' Policy The Channel Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Qualcomm faces $853m fine for alleged antitrust violation How Google.org stole the Christmas Spirit Christmas Eve ERP migration derailed by silly spreadsheet sort El Reg just saved your Wikipedia Xmas US cops seek Amazon Echo data for murder inquiry Spotty battery life costs Apple's MacBook Pro its gold-star rating Tesla set to up prices by 5% in new year because of 'currency fluctuations' SPB Geek's Guide Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad 2016 just got a tiny bit longer. Gee, thanks, time lords Chinese boffins: We're testing an 'impossible' EM Drive IN SPAAAACE NASA explains how 'Spiders' grow on Mars Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things ‘Artificial Intelligence’ was the Fake News of 2016 2016: The Rise of the Intelligent (cloud) Machines Meet the Internet of big, lethal Things Uber's self-driving cars get kicked out of SF, seek refuge in Arizona Verity Stob Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse The Life and Times of Lester Haines What gifts did ol' kitten heels May get this year? How Rogue One's Imperial stormtroopers SAVED Star Wars and restored order More like this Ifa Business The Channel Lenovo's tablet with a real pen, Acer's monster laptop, Samsung Galaxy S3 watch and more Berlin IFA madness An artist sketches with Lenovo's Yoga Book 1 Sep 2016 at 06:30, Tim Anderson IFA 2016 August 31st was press day one ahead of the IFA event in Berlin, which means vendors lining up to show off their latest efforts in (mainly) consumer electronics. Acer kicked off the madness, unveiling the "world's first laptop with a curved screen," though you should think twice before letting the 8 kg Predator 21X gaming laptop anywhere near your lap. This thing has a 21" curved 2560x1080 screen driven by dual NVIDIA GTX 1080 SLI GPUs, each with 16GB RAM, while the main board sports up to 64GB of DDR4 RAM, 7th Gen Intel Core i7, up to 4 SSDs as well as a hard drive, and five fans to keep it from melting. Acer's Predator 21X gaming laptop Performance is great, apparently. Acer also talked up the benefits of eye-tracking, built into the Predator 21X as well as several monitors. It is another input for gaming, and one example use was to increase the light on dark portions of the screen when you look in that direction. Despite general weakness in the PC business, Acer CEO Jason Chen assured the press that thin ultrabooks are a growing market, and its engineers have taken that to heart. The Swift 7 ultrabook is just 9.98mm thick, with 13.3" screen, 7th Gen Core i5, and a claimed 9 hour battery life. It is the first laptop under 1cm according to Acer. Lenovo: Yoga Book for Android and Windows, Moto phone with Hasselblad camera Lenovo has announced the Yoga Book, a distinctive new take on the 2-in-1 tablet/laptop concept. This 10.1" device has a 360° hinge and measures just over 1cm thick when closed; the demo units felt small and light. What sets it apart though is that the keyboard is replaced by a smooth surface that can either light up as a virtual keyboard, or accept input from the bundled EMR (electro-magnetic resonance ) pen. In pen mode, the virtual keyboard disappears. Another twist is that the pen includes actual ink, allowing you to write or draw on a paper notepad clipped to the device. Your input is automatically transferred to the tablet. The processor is a quad-core 2.4 GHz Intel Atom x5-Z8550, and there is 4GB RAM and 64GB storage. The operating system is either Android 6.0, customised to support a taskbar for multi-tasking, or Windows 10. Price is €499 for the Android version or €599 for Windows 10. The Lenovo Yoga Book showing the virtual keyboard I asked Lenovo VP Jeff Meredith, who presented the Yoga Book at the press launch, whether the device was developed initially for Android or for Windows. It was 3 years in the making, he said, and initial prototypes were Android. The Yoga Book handles beautifully, but typing on the device is not much fun, at least for a keyboard addict like myself. There is some haptic feedback but it is still a flat hard surface and fatiguing to use. Still, many users will only do occasional typing and it is an innovative device. Lenovo also announced several laptops, including the high-end Lenovo 910 with 4K display. This has Windows Hello support, for biometric login, but it is based only on a fingerprint reader, rather than the special camera of which Intel made great play at the 2015 IFA. A shame that few vendors are taking up the possibility of login by face recognition. Another Lenovo announcement was a new Moto Z phone, the Play, which offers an impressive 50 hour battery life. It also supports the "Moto Mod" concept of hardware add-ons, with the star of the show being a 10x optical zoom lens created in partnership with camera specialists Hasselblad. Hasselblad-branded add-on for Moto Z phones I tried the camera zoom Mod briefly and it does of course enable much higher quality zoom images. The add-on also gives the phone much of the feel of a camera, easier to grip securely than a phone on its own. However, there is no tripod mount which limits its appeal. Sponsored: Customer Identity and Access Management Next page: Another go with the Smartwatch Page: 1 2 Next → Tips and corrections 25 Comments More from The Register Meet the chaps who run the Black Hat NoC and let malware roam free Black Hat It's not cool to kill a demo, but you can watch all the pr0n you want 9 Comments Red Hat clicks with server foe Microsoft on CloudForms Azure management move 7 Comments Dell EMC kills off VxRack Neutrino EOL for hyper-converged, rack-scale, turnkey turkey 2 Comments Red Hat feels the need – the need for OpenStack speed 'This is our moment': Platform 10 lands 'We love Linux' purrs Microsoft as Red Hat, Azure go on honeymoon Typical wedding night: Embrace, extend ... something else beginning with 'e' 5 Comments Red Hat tosses Ansible Galaxy into the open source gale Take it, DevOps with it, bring it back – if you want 2 Comments Whitepapers Overcoming the Obstacles to the All Flash Datacenter The top 6 challenges that can slow your adoption of all flash technology, and show you how to overcome them. Your top 5 cloud Data challenges solved The cloud s changing everything, Its transforming IT orgnisations with agility and efficiency like never before, enabling them to realise new IT as a service delivery models. Content management and collaboration platform for apps With Box Platform, businesses can add secure content management and collaboration to applications without having to build and maintain their own content infrastructure. The business value of Red Hat cloudforms Red Hat CloudForms offers customers a unified vendor-agnostic platform for automating self-service provisioning and workload life-cycle management across hybrid multivendor virtualised, private cloud, public cloud, and container-based environments Most read Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing The Life and Times of Lester Haines Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Spotlight Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board EMC Dell deal: They're loved up and living together, but whose house rules? NSA, GCHQ and even Donald Trump are all after your data British jobs for British people: UK tech rejects PM May’s nativist hiring agenda Big Mickey Dell is wrong: Cloud ain't going to eat all of IT Will Microsoft's nerd goggles soar like an Eagle, or flop like a turkey? First look at Windows Server 2016: 'Cloud for the masses'? We'll be the judge of that Rage-making, anxiety-inducing tech distributors: An ode Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
Latest News Dow 19,763 -57.18 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,383 -48.97 -0.90% S&P 500 2,239 -10.43 -0.46% 9:24 P.M. ET Updated My husband can’t get a loan — his bad credit rating is ruining our marriage 8:58 P.M. ET CEOs pandering to Trump risks dangerous ‘caudillo capitalism’ 8:58 P.M. ET U.S. stocks riding a bull market in corruption 5:00 P.M. ET The best stocks for 2017 might be the worst performers of 2016 4:27 P.M. ET Updated The 5 tech trends that will dominate CES and 2017 4:25 P.M. ET Updated 10 things you should NOT buy in 2017 3:25 P.M. ET Updated Why you should listen to Harry Dent even if you don’t believe a word 2:48 P.M. ET Islamic State Claims Responsibility for Istanbul Attack 2:09 P.M. ET Updated I’m a former health insurance CEO and this is what Obamacare repeal will do 2:00 P.M. ET Updated 7 money resolutions to make this year 1:53 P.M. ET Updated 5 people getting even richer off your New Year’s resolutions 1:02 P.M. ET Updated Single in 2017? Here are the 10 biggest online dating photo mistakes 12:31 P.M. ET Updated Avoid these common mistakes if you’re filing for divorce in January 12:30 P.M. ET Updated $1 billion in gift cards go unused every year — here’s how to avoid that 12:11 P.M. ET Updated Trump’s tough China talk fails one key reality check 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Why Donald Trump is no Ronald Reagan 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Italian stocks rally, driving Europe markets to a stronger start for 2017 12:00 P.M. ET Ditch your New Year’s resolutions and set 3 realistic money goals for 2017 10:58 A.M. ET Updated 6 tips to help you (almost) have it all 10:55 A.M. ET Updated In 2017, I’m quitting the gym in favor of a Jane Fonda workout at home Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release HP Inc. Reinvents the Desktop to Enable New Experiences By Published: Sept 1, 2016 12:01 a.m. ET Share PALO ALTO, CA, Sep 01, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- HP Pavilion Wave and HP Elite Slice PCs Combine Engineering Excellence and Inventive Desktop Designs PALO ALTO, CA--(Marketwired - Sep 1, 2016) - HP Inc. HPQ, -0.67% News Highlights: Stunning desktops designed to be the focal point on the desk to power entertainment and productivity HP Pavilion Wave is built to deliver breakthrough audio experiences  HP Elite Slice is a modular PC built for communications and productivity HP Inc. HPQ, -0.67% today debuted two new PCs, HP Pavilion Wave and HP Elite Slice, that are revolutionizing traditional designs for the home and workplace. HP is transforming the desktop PC to create unique experiences that deliver the power customers expect in small, creative designs. The HP Pavilion Wave is designed for entertainment and productivity for the home by combining desktop power and great audio experiences. For customers who want a PC that can fit into small places, the new offering is a beautiful and compact design with the power of a full-sized desktop. This unique desktop is built around a fully integrated, advanced audio system to play music, listen to movies, web chats and Cortana1. It features an iconic triangular form with an innovative parabolic reflector with an integrated speaker on top of the PC for superb, 360-degree sound to fill a room with crisp audio.  The HP Elite Slice, HP's smallest desktop is a desktop built for communications and collaboration. It is the first modular commercial desktop with cable-less connectivity2 and enables customers to build the desktop of their choice. This desktop changes the way office space is designed by creating streamlined work environments that boast productivity. Versatility, performance and enterprise-grade security merge to deliver greater productivity and collaboration between employees while transforming the workplace and workstyles. "Today's desktop customers want sleek, innovative and powerful designs that enable new experiences," said Mike Nash, vice president, customer experience and portfolio strategy, HP Inc. "The HP Pavilion Wave and Elite Slice are the result of HP engineers and designers reinventing the desktop by rethinking its shape, size and look while adding functionality to enable new use cases." HP Pavilion Wave Designed with Acoustic Capabilities to Power Entertainment and Productivity The HP Pavilion Wave naturally sits on top of the desk featuring a compact, space-efficient 360-degree design and is 85 percent smaller than traditional tower PCs at 6.81" x 6.62" x 10.29". The desktop design is built around the central audio system and finished with premium materials including acoustic fabric engineered for room filling sound. A parabolic reflector on top of the PC reflects the sound coming from the speaker grille in parallel from all directions and acts as an outlet vent for hot air to come out. The 360 Degree Multi-Directional Reflective Audio delivers a crisp audio profile at all frequencies and is tuned by B&O Play for amazing sound whether listening to mid, high or low ranges. The triangular design houses three main zones for components: the motherboard on one side, the hard drive on the second side and thermals on the third side. The thermal design uses heat pipes to extract heat from the motherboard and the graphics card to push out the top of the PC to keep the device running cool. Other features include: Up to two 4K displays3 are supported out-of-the-box to power entertainment and productivity. Peripheral support with three USB 3.0 ports, one USB 3.1 Type-C™ port for data transfer, one HDMI port, one DisplayPort, Gigabit Ethernet and a microphone/headphone jack. Cortana support with two dual microphones for customers to talk to their PC for a hands-free experience1. High-performing power house with up to 6th Generation Intel® Core™ i7 quad-core desktop processors4, ample storage up to 2 TB HDD5, an optional dual drive with 128 GB SSD5 and up to 16GB of DDR4 system memory.  Optional AMD Radeon™ R9 M470 discrete graphics for photo and video editing or light gaming. HP Elite Slice Designed for Business Productivity and Collaboration HP Elite Slice is designed to modernize the workplace to cater to the changing workforce and workstyles with new collaboration capabilities. Its modular design features stunning curves in matte black with polished copper accents to streamline workplaces. It allows customers to pick and choose a factory cover or stackable options to add functionality including the Collaboration Cover or Wireless Charging Cover6, or stackable modules such as the Audio Module or ODD (Optical Disk Drive) Module for a beautiful PC that is unique to each business and its employees. The ultra-small, big power form factor is just 6.5" x 1.38" x 6.5" and weighs 2.31 lbs7. The cable-less design allows for a clean work environment because customers do not separate cables plugged into the wall to power each component. This is the first commercial desktop powered from a display8 via only one USB 3.1 Type-C™ cable with a Type-C™ compatible display including the optional new Quad HD9 HP EliteDisplay S240uj Monitor. The display is equipped with integrated wireless charging and USB Type-C™ to perfectly complement the desktop. HP Elite Slice versatility is provided by cover and base expansion options. Customers can choose from different covers when configuring the PC and expand the solution at any time with additional modules to create the desktop that best fits their needs: HP Collaboration Cover6: turns the desktop into a Microsoft Skype for Business phone10 for easy call management with capacitive touch keys. HP Wireless Charging Cover6: wireless charging starts automatically upon contact to eliminate charging cables and ensure mobile phones and devices are powered, ready for use. The Wireless Charging Cover is expected to start shipping in the first half of 2017 and requires factory configuration. HP Audio Module: spoken word tuning makes virtual meetings and call experiences crisp and clear with audio tuned by Bang & Olufsen, 360 degree speaker design, dual-microphone array with range of five meters and HP Noise Cancellation software. HP ODD Module: for quick and easy back up or to archive files and access legacy content on CDs or DVDs. Other features include: An optional touch fingerprint sensor for improved security and easy authentication. HP Sure Start with Dynamic Protection, the industry's first self-healing BIOS-level protection. Up to 6th Generation Intel® Core™ i7 35-watt processors for the performance to easily handle productivity and collaboration needs4. Unique 360-degree dual fan pipe ring keeps the powerful device running cool. Peripheral support for enhanced productivity including one Ethernet port, built-in Wi-Fi module11 and antennas, one HDMI and one DisplayPort™ to power multiple displays. HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms Built Uniquely for Conference Room Collaboration The HP Elite Slice portfolio also includes the new HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms solution, the first conferencing room PC with one-touch meeting start12. This offering helps users get more out of their meetings by having seamless technology to drive immersive conferencing and collaboration experiences with integrated audio and full desktop functionality. HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms combines HP Elite Slice, the HP Collaboration Cover, HP Audio Module and Intel® Unite™ software to create a unique Microsoft Skype for Business conferencing solution making meeting rooms more intuitive and efficient with crisp, clear sound. For a more immersive conference room experience, this configuration can be combined with the new HP LD5511 55-inch Large Format Display, which features 178-degree viewing angles with a resolution of 1920 x 1080. The high brightness and contrast ratio provide excellent picture quality and readability that is perfect for meeting rooms that seat up to 12 people. Pricing and Availability13 HP Pavilion Wave starting price is $549.99 and is expected to be available at select retailers and HP.com on September 23, 2016. HP Elite Slice starting price is $699 and is expected to be available in September 2016. HP Audio Module price is $109. HP Audio Module price is $109. HP ODD Module price is $99. HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms starting price is $949 and is expected to be available in September 2016. HP EliteDisplay S240uj Monitor starting price is $429 and is expected to be available in October 2016. HP LD5511 55-inch Large Format Display starting price is $999 and is expected to be available September 2016. About HP Inc. HP Inc. creates technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere. Through our portfolio of printers, PCs, mobile devices, solutions, and services, we engineer experiences that amaze. More information about HP HPQ, -0.67% is available at http://www.hp.com. (1) Some features including voice supported Cortana, inking, and Continuum require more advanced hardware. See www.windows.com. Apps sold separately. (2) Based on modular desktop PCs with Windows Pro OS as of 8/5/16 from top 10 desktop PC vendors. (3) 4K Ultra High-definition (HD) content required to view 4K Ultra HD images. (4) Multi-core is designed to improve performance of certain software products. Not all customers or software applications will necessarily benefit from use of this technology. Performance and clock frequency will vary depending on application workload and your hardware and software configurations. Intel's numbering is not a measurement of higher performance. (5) For storage drives, GB = 1 billion bytes. TB = 1 trillion bytes. Actual formatted capacity is less. Up to 35GB of hard drive is reserved for system recovery software. (6) All modules sold separately or as an optional feature. Covers are optional and require factory configuration and cannot be combined with other Slice covers. HP Elite Slice with Wireless Charging Cover requires factory configuration and will be available at a future date. (7) Weight will vary by configuration. (8) Based on SFF and smaller desktop PCs with Windows Pro OS as of 8/5/16 from top 10 desktop PC vendors. Powers Slice with Collaboration Cover, will not power additional Slice modules. (9) Quad High-definition (QHD) content required to view QHD images. (10) Skye for Business subscription required. (11) Wireless access point and Internet access required. (12) Based on desktop PCs from major commercial competitors with Intel® Unite™ software preinstalled as of 8/9/2016. (13) Estimated U.S. street prices. Intel, Intel Core and Intel Unite are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. DisplayPort™ and the DisplayPort™ logo are trademarks owned by the Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA®) in the United States and other countries. USB Type-C™ and USB-C™ are trademarks of USB Implementers Forum. © 2016 HP Inc. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors when herein. This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. If such risks or uncertainties materialize or such assumptions prove incorrect, the results of HP and its consolidated subsidiaries could differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and assumptions. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including any statements of expectation or belief and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Risks, uncertainties and assumptions include the possibility that expected benefits may not materialize as expected and other risks that are described in HP's Securities and Exchange Commission reports, including, but not limited to, the risks described in HP's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended October 31, 2015 and HP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2016. HP assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements. Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3050782 Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3050790 Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3050793 � 2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Glass castle in Bel Air sells for $39 million View More Opinion These five investments make the perfect all-around portfolio for 2017 View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Credit 30 credit cards and a score of 805? The Points Guy shares his secrets View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found HP Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HPQ $14.84 -0.10 (-0.67%) Volume 8.8M Open $15.00 High $15.10 Low $14.77 P/E Ratio 10.45 Div Yield 3.58 Market Cap 25.3B HP Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HPQ $14.84 -0.10 (-0.67%) Volume 8.8M Open $15.00 High $15.10 Low $14.77 P/E Ratio 10.45 Div Yield 3.58 Market Cap 25.3B HP Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HPQ $14.84 -0.10 (-0.67%) Volume 8.8M Open $15.00 High $15.10 Low $14.77 P/E Ratio 10.45 Div Yield 3.58 Market Cap 25.3B LatestNews
null
null
null
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. Linux 4.8, AMDGPU, RADV & Google's Fuchsia OS Dominated This Month Written by Michael Larabel in Phoronix on 31 August 2016 at 09:00 PM EDT. 1 Comment This month on Phoronix there were 22 featured Linux reviews and 242 original news articles, here were the most interesting ones. Below is a look at the most popular news and articles on Phoronix for the month. As always, if you appreciate all of the work invested in this open-source/Linux hardware and driver resource plus the work we do on advancing open-source benchmarking, etc, please consider joining Phoronix Premium or making a PayPal tip, and please don't use an ad-blocker when viewing this site. You can also help out by using our Amazon and NewEgg affiliate links when making your online purchases; those links are always found at the bottom of the right hand menu on the site. Thanks and here's to a great September! Btrfs RAID 5/6 Code Found To Be Very Unsafe & Will Likely Require A Rewrite It turns out the RAID5 and RAID6 code for the Btrfs file-system's built-in RAID support is faulty and users should not be making use of it if you care about your data. Systemd Rolls Out Its Own Mount Tool Systemd-mount is the newest tool added to systemd by Lennart Poettering. Google Working On New "Fuchsia" Operating System, Powered By Magenta / LK Kernel Google appears to be working on a new operating system that's written from scratch and appears to be target both phones and PCs, among other form factors. ReactOS 0.4.2 Officially Released Version 0.4.2 of ReactOS, the open-source Windows re-implementation, is now officially available. Fedora 25 To Run Wayland By Default The Fedora Engineering and Steering Committee has decided that Fedora 25 will indeed ship the Wayland display server by default in place of the X.Org Server. CryENGINE Is Planning To Deliver Its Vulkan Support In About Two Months The middle of October is when Crytek should be publicly rolling out their Vulkan API support in the CryENGINE. Linux 4.7 - Btrfs vs. EXT4 vs. F2FS vs. XFS vs. NTFS Benchmarks Continuing on from yesterday's Linux 4.4 To 4.7 - EXT4 vs. F2FS vs. Btrfs Benchmarks comparison, here is a wider look at mainline file-systems on the Linux 4.7. File-systems tested on the NVMe SSD included Btrfs, EXT4, F2FS, XFS, and NTFS. Secure Boot Isn't So Secure After All: The Golden Key Is Out So much for Secure Boot being so secure... After a mistake by Microsoft, the "golden key" is now out in the wild. Direct3D 11 vs. OpenGL vs. Vulkan Radeon Benchmarks On Windows & Linux After making the Direct3D 11 vs. Vulkan vs. OpenGL benchmarks available to Phoronix Premium subscribers this weekend, these results are now available to everyone. Enjoy. It's Really Worthwhile For AMDGPU Users On Ubuntu 16.04 To Upgrade Their Kernel, Mesa For those of you using Ubuntu 16.04 LTS in conjunction with the stock AMDGPU driver for open-source driver support on newer graphics cards like the Radeon R9 Fury and R9 285/380, here are some benchmarks showing out the performance you are missing out on by not upgrading your kernel or Mesa after just a few months of development. BioShock Infinite Can Run More Than 23% Faster With New RadeonSI Patches Marek Olšák at AMD continues optimizing the RadeonSI Gallium3D driver for offering much better Linux gaming performance when using this open-source AMD graphics driver code. The latest are double-digit gains for at least the BioShock Infinite game. The Speed Of Ubuntu 16.10 Currently Versus Ubuntu 16.04, Clear Linux Being mid-way through Ubuntu 16.10's development cycle, here are some fresh benchmarks showing how its performance has changed (if at all) compared to Ubuntu 16.04 LTS as well as compared to Intel's high-performance Clear Linux distribution as a reference point. And then the featured articles: Windows 10 vs. Linux Radeon Software Performance, Including AMDGPU-PRO & RadeonSI As alluded to earlier and on Twitter, the past few days I have been working on a fresh Windows 10 vs. Ubuntu Linux graphics/gaming performance comparison. This time it's looking at the latest Radeon performance using an R9 Fury and RX 480. Tests on Windows were obviously done with Radeon Software Crimson Edition while under Linux were the two latest AMD/RTG Linux driver options: the hybrid AMDGPU-PRO driver and the fully open-source driver via Linux 4.8 and Mesa 12.1-dev. 18-Way GPU Linux Benchmarks, Including The Radeon RX 460 & RX 470 On Open-Source Yesterday I published early open-source benchmarks of the Radeon RX 470 while today is a full 18-way graphics card comparison including the newly-launched Radeon RX 460 and Radeon RX 470 graphics cards alongside the RX 480 Polaris graphics card. All of the AMD graphics cards tested for this article were running the very latest open-source driver stack on the Linux 4.8 kernel and Mesa 12.1-dev Git. Ubuntu 14.04/16.04 vs. Ubuntu Bash On Windows 10 Anniversary Performance When Microsoft and Canonical brought Bash and Ubuntu's user-space to Windows 10 earlier this year I ran some preliminary benchmarks of Ubuntu on Windows 10 versus a native Ubuntu installation on the same hardware. Now that this "Windows Subsystem for Linux" is part of the recent Windows 10 Anniversary Update, I've carried out some fresh benchmarks of Ubuntu running atop Windows 10 compared to Ubuntu running bare metal. Linux 4.4 To 4.7 - EXT4 vs. F2FS vs. Btrfs Benchmarks I've been a bit behind on my file-system benchmarking the past few months but for your viewing pleasure today are some EXT4 vs. Btrfs vs. F2FS file-system tests on an NVMe SSD when testing the Linux 4.4, 4.5, 4.6, and 4.7 kernels. Windows 10 vs. Ubuntu + Linux 4.7 + Mesa 12.1 Intel OpenGL Tests With Microsoft having recently released the Windows 10 Anniversary update I've been running some fresh Windows vs. Linux performance comparisons. The first of these comparisons for your viewing pleasure is looking at the latest Windows 10 build with the latest Intel driver compared to Ubuntu 16.04 LTS while also comparing the performance when manually upgrading to the Linux 4.7 kernel and Mesa 12.1-dev for delivering the latest OpenGL performance potential. AMDGPU-PRO vs. Open-Source Gallium3D OpenGL Performance On Polaris Is A Very Tight Race For those wondering how AMD's hybrid "AMDGPU-PRO" Linux driver stack compares to the latest pure open-source driver stack of the AMDGPU kernel driver and RadeonSI Gallium3D driver, here are side-by-side results for the Radeon RX 460, RX 470, and RX 480 Polaris hardware as well as the R9 Fury (Fiji) graphics card. Testing The Open-Source "RADV" Radeon Vulkan Driver vs. AMDGPU-PRO With word coming out last week that the RADV open-source Vulkan driver can now render Dota 2 correctly, I've been running some tests the past few days of this RADV Vulkan driver compared to AMD's official (but currently closed-source) Vulkan driver bundled with the AMDGPU-PRO Vulkan driver. Early Benchmarks Of FreeBSD 11.0 vs. DragonFlyBSD 4.6 vs. Linux Distributions Following last week's DragonFlyBSD 4.6 benchmarks I carried out a fresh comparison of FreeBSD 10.3 vs. FreeBSD 11.0 (Beta 4 at the time) along with the DragonFlyBSD results and a few of the popular Linux distributions. Here are those numbers. AMDGPU-PRO Radeon RX 460/470/480 vs. NVIDIA Linux GPU Benchmarks Last week I published an 18-way GPU Linux comparison featuring the new Radeon RX 460 and RX 470 graphics cards along with other AMD Radeon and NVIDIA GeForce GPUs. The Radeon tests were done using the very latest open-source Linux driver stack while in this article are similar benchmarks done but using the AMDGPU-PRO hybrid driver stack. The Many Exciting Features To The Linux 4.8 Kernel Today marks the closure of the Linux 4.8 kernel merge window so as usual here is our recap of all the features we've been monitoring over the past two weeks. Among the highlights for Linux 4.8 are AMD GPU OverDrive overclocking, initial NVIDIA Pascal support, a new ARM Mali display driver, mainline support for the Raspberry Pi 3 BCM SoC, HDMI CEC support, big reworks to Btrfs and XFS file-system code, and a number of new security features, among other changes. What were your favorite articles of the month? Let us know by commenting on this article in the forums. 1 Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Phoronix News Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 A 2016 Merry Christmas / Happy Holidays From Phoronix Forum Spam/Filtering Redesign; 300+ Linux News/Articles/Reviews For November Open-Source Radeon, Vulkan & Linux 4.8~4.9 Were October Hits Vim 8.0, macOS Sierra, Libreboot, & GCC Were Popular In September Minor Updates To The Phoronix Forums, Registration Popular News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest The Top BSD News This Year: Ubuntu Atop BSD, FreeBSD 11.0, DragonFly's HAMMER2 Arcan Display Server Working On X.Org / Wayland Compatibility Lineage: Forking CyanogenMod To A New Android Distribution Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Home Veterans Resources VA Benefits Jobs for Veterans Jobs News for Veterans Short Term Personal Loans Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) Medical & Health VT Cancer Foundation Forum RSS Feed Newsletter Sign-Up Apps VT APP (Android) VT App (Iphone) VT Radio App (Android) VT Radio App (Iphone) VT LIve & Net Radio YouTube ITunes Sound Cloud Android Devices Social Networks Facebook Google + Twitter Help Desk Submit Support Ticket Vladimir Putin We have one Fatherland, one people and a common future Home Government & Politics Civil Liberties & Freedom Corruption Democracy & Elections Foreign Policy Legislation Veterans Administration (VA) History Civil War (1861-1865) Cold War (1947-1991) Gulf War (1990-1991) Iraq War (2003-2011) Korean War (1950-1953) Libyan Civil War (2011-2014) Vietnam War (1955-1975) World War I (1914-1918) World War II (1939-1945) Investigations 9/11 Holocaust JFK Assassination Paris Attacks 2015 Sandy Hook Life Art, Books, & Entertainment Food, Wine & Travel Charities, Giving & Foundations Economy & Business Health Agent Orange Coping Gulf War Illness (GWI) PTSD Heroes Of Interest Education Environment Humor Peace, Causes & Activism Religion Veteran Service Organizations (VSO's) Media Military WarZone Afghanistan War Drug War New World Order War Ukraine Wars War in Syria World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Russia Editorial Board-Staff VT Writers Book Store Custom Weapons Official Store Apps Polls Job Center Contact Comment Policy Write for VT About Us Advertise Legal Notice Search Will Kissinger be a private bridge between Trump and Putin? In which Alex Jones explodes in blubbering rage at the mere mention of my name PTSD and the Toxic World Around Us Unprecented: President to Enter White House Facing Child Rape Trial Roland Organic Juicing Optimal Health Program – Happy New Year Democrat vs. Democratic Israel: Downfall of Netanyahu Predicted but Desire to Occupy Persists RT Joins the Dogs with Pit Bull Scare ‹ › Social Psychologist with Doctorate from Major Midwest Big Ten University. Retired after serving the community for over 36 years during which time there were numerous contacts with those associated with Intel and Law Enforcement. View Latest Posts >>> Subjects and Serfs of the Lesser Gods (Part II) By Preston James, Ph.D on August 31, 2016 Without abject secrecy, the Dark Deeds and unimaginable evil of the Khazarian Mafia becomes exposed and their power shrinks - The Internet is now destroying this abject secrecy by  Preston James Recently there has been a significant and recognizable displacement of the Khazarian Mafia’s Controlled Major Mass Media (CMMM) by the Internet’s Alternative Media: The Internet’s Alternative News websites have become so popular they are now significantly displacing the Major Mass Media, which more and more of the American People are rejecting as biased and filled with lies supporting the Plutocrats and Oligarchs (the .00001) who are either in the KM or associated with it, help do its dirty work against the American people and are rewarded for their evil. A recent survey by a respected source found that only about 6% of the American People have any respect at all for the Major Mass (Mainstream) Media, which is actually an illegal media monopoly comprised of six international media corporations run by six media moguls who answer to a large investment house on the vanguard of investment, which is controlled by the KM Top Chieftains. Thus, when Americans listen to world news on their TVs they are being fed lies, false-narratives and USG propaganda that is mandated by the KM Top Chieftains who also control the Intel agencies and the alphabets. The best term to define this illegal media monopoly, which is totally controlled by the KM Top Chieftains, is the term Controlled Major Mass Media (CMMM). In the last few years, a fairly high percentage of Americans have come to trust the Internet as a their main source for major news stories. Many Internet users repeatedly visit alternative web sites that provide stories that resonate as truth to them. These websites are usually characterized by mainstream media pundits as “conspiracy theory” websites. A closer look suggests that much of the motivation for these alternative media users is actually due to their recognition that most politicians continually lie, and the Major Mass Media no longer makes any attempt to expose these easily recognizable big lies, false-narratives and USG Propaganda — but promotes such. There are no true investigative reporters left in the Mainstream Network News, all have been retired, fired or forced out. Some of the Khazarian Mafia’s talking heads Those who now pretend to play such a role are typically owned by various Intel agencies and operate as “limited hangout” operatives, whose mission is to apply political pressure and to keep the masses conflicted and angry. However, despite all the truth leaking out at breakneck speed via the alternative media websites on the Internet, many are not going there to read it, and so will remained mind-kontrolled by the KM. Estimates range that from 30-40% are stuck in these CMMM dispensed KM lies, because to think otherwise is far too threatening, and they just cannot go there under any circumstances. The Problem that We The People, the commoners have to deal with on a daily basis is that we have to live under the evil, unconstitutional, illegal laws mandated by the Top Chieftains of the Khazarian Mafia (KM), who hijacked and now run our system of government and control our Network News. For now, like it or not, all of us (except for the .000001 plutocrats and oligarchs) have to live under the authority and laws mandated by the Top Chieftains of the KM and this includes even those of us who have learned the sinister truth about the KM and its private banking system that uses Fiat debt-notes instead of real money like the US Constitution requires. Our major recent laws since 1963 (when the KM assassinated JFK using GHWB’s Op40 of the CIA) are actually based on the Core Edicts of the KM Top Chieftains and have transformed us into their secret Serfs on a Global Plantation best described as a farm. What this means in practical terms is that we common folk have to work and live within the rules these KM Top Chieftains have mandated. But this is now changing quite rapidly thanks to the Internet, the world’s New Gutenberg Press. Don’t touch my Internet Protest Of course, the KM Top Chieftains and the KM members and associates are usually exempt from the law, unless the KM Top Chieftains decide they need to be sanctioned for breaking the KM rules or going outside their allowed parameters. The KM Top Chieftains now recognize that the Internet has now become their ultimate threat.  The Internet has opened up a whole new source of truth normally hidden from the masses. This truth is now being fed and incrementally expanded almost continually by major leaks of previously hidden truth. And this truth gets published on the Internet and immediate carried by hundreds, sometimes thousands of independent websites, spreading around the world to millions of readers at the speed of light. The KM’s Top Chieftains were sold the Internet as a great new way to spy on and mind-control the masses. They did not anticipate the extreme blowback it has produced, blowback best described as the worldwide publishing of much of their forbidden knowledge and many of their extreme esoteric secrets, often done as revenge against their abuses and harmful actions after their own dissatisfied agents have leaked them. The turning point has occurred where many of their agents, even those quite high ranking have finally woken up and figured out that these KM machinations they have been assisting in are actually going to destroy any families and children and grandchildren they have and most humans including themselves, unless the KM is deconstructed and stopped. The KM has murdered so many US Special ops when their missions were done that the rest have found out about this, and few trust their commanders at all anymore, and are constantly watching each others’ backs. We remember Seal Team 6 This two-faced treachery of course is the worst thing any Top Commanders and Top Chieftains of the KM could ever do, as far as their own future safety. There is an apparent approaching financial cliff for the Western Nations who have adopted KM private fractional reserve Fiat-based banking from the City of London. When the financial cliff occurs, the process of payback will occur spontaneously at many high levels; and it will become likely that their own trusted security teams will turn on them and take them down by covert means, perhaps often assassinating them. In this case, the phrase “payback is a bitch” is certainly going to be quite descriptive. The element of surprise after so many years of extreme privilege will also be expected when the payback spontaneously erupts at numerous different sites. The word is out that American soldiers and special ops are typically fighting for the KM and not We The People and have been used as mere cannon fodder for the KM. It is heroic to die for someone that deserves it, such as family, friends, good folks and the innocent. But to die in these criminal illegal unconstitutional wars that the KM Top Chieftains engineer is purely disgusting. If young Americans ever learn this truth, few will ever enlist into such suicidal servitude to become cannon fodder or to serve such world-class super-criminals as the KM. Copyright Gilbert Yu Finally, due to the Vietnam war protesters, returning vets who told the truth, and current vets who are speaking up, the American masses are beginning to understand that the American military has been used to mass-murder innocents, destroy nations, torture innocents, and follow evil, sick, demented policies set by the Top Chieftains of the KM. Major General Smedley D. Butler (USMC – Retired) Legendary author of the book “War is a Racket” – 1935 (1881 – 1940) Two-time recipient of the Medal of Honor On the other hand, if the KM is completely deconstructed and eliminated, and the US Military is transformed into an honorable force, managed and directed by honest, honorable leaders who refuse to engage in illegal, unconstitutional wars of aggression for the Banksters and the .000001 Plutocrats and Oligarchs, then enlistment and service could become honorable. Many have become aware that the CIA mercenaries hired to run ISIS along with Israelis mercenaries are now being disposed of by the US Military, and will soon be disposed of by American airpower flown by misguided, lied to pilots, who have been told they are ISIS Islamic extremists. This kind of covert treachery against these special ops is likely to produce serious blowback, since the real truth that the KM Top Chieftains ordered their murders to cover things up is leaking out on the Internet and diffused by word of mouth within Special Operations. These dirty secrets of the unimaginable treachery done to American Special Ops by the Top KM Chieftains can no longer be hidden. As you can imagine, payback is going to be a real bitch someday when it occurs suddenly and without warning, perhaps sooner than later. Conclusion There is no doubt that these major leaks, which are disclosing the Dark-side and incredibly evil practices of the KM, are frequent now, are major, and have been causing extreme exposure of the KM’s egregiously evil deeds against We The People and the world. The realization is finally hitting the KM Top Chieftains that, if they don’t stop this flood of leaks very soon, their days in power are going to be very limited. They know that if too much leaks out, most of the public will want them tried, convicted and hung by the neck until dead for their Treasons against the US Constitution, the United States of America, and We the People — as well as their engineered wars, torture, and all the mass-murders of innocent civilians — the many thousands of disabilities and deaths of so many US Soldiers — and the noticeably poor VA care of these soldiers, who have been so horribly harmed by the KM’s False-flag terror and warmongering for huge profits. So naturally, they are desperate and beginning to crack at the seams, and are becoming more likely to make bad decisions leading them to stage extreme Gladio-style False Flags to try and restore USG prominence and KM Control. Part III will discuss current KM actions to counteract the leaks occurring on the Internet and the Cosmic Rules of Play the KM Top Chieftains must operate under. Subjects and Serfs of the Lesser Gods (Part I) _____________ Related Posts: Subjects and Serfs of the Lesser Gods (Part I) Subjects and Serfs of the Lesser Gods (Part III) Truth Lockout Have you become a stranger in your own land ? The Globalist Plan to take-down the whole World The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Preston James, Ph.D on August 31, 2016, With 14586 Reads Filed under Investigations. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 16 Responses to "Subjects and Serfs of the Lesser Gods (Part II)" LC  September 6, 2016 at 8:55 pm Dr. James::::: David Icke’s “WorldWide Wake Up” is coming to U.S. Vt Folks try to get to i.e. if you are anywhere near locations:::: http://theworldwidewakeup.com/ ++ David Icke’s last week Coast-2-Coast program (probably censored) is now posted in YouTube::::: Coast To Coast AM – August 31, 2016 Natural Remedies & Media Manipulations He comes on after about 1hour+15 minutes into tape & discusses his new book Phantom Self ++ much more + + his new world tour also coming to California in mid-September. Log in to Reply darrelld  September 1, 2016 at 6:20 pm You should call “lesser gods” (you say “lessor gods” in several places – you have a PhD, right?) by there real name, i.e., demons from hell. They are the powers behind UFOs as well. Log in to Reply Preston James, Ph.D  September 1, 2016 at 8:49 pm Not an error. I inserted it to make a point. It’s from the Old English, someone who allows a subordinate to use their property for a price. In this case the price is giving up their soul, bowing down and worshiping these fallen ones who come as personal spirit guides. These fallen ones believe the Earth is their property and all the humans that inhabit there are their “cattle” i.e. “chattel” and they allow their KM Top Chieftains, their Cutouts to manage things for them since God Almighty has restricted their presence to certain conditions where someone has given up their soul freely and invited them in. They are not allowed to walk around openly. That’s why I included the term “fallen ones” to clarify this seeming contradiction. Yes, these fallen ones are also lesser gods than God Almighty the creator, the Most High who has all final authority but it is their use of KM Top Chieftains as Cutouts and managers of their holdings that I wanted to emphasize, the fact they are lesser god, but “lessor” gods too who are under restriction, quarantine and confinement for their prior evil, rebellion and breaking God Almighty’s rules. Preston James, Ph.D  September 1, 2016 at 8:53 pm And yes, some researchers view then as demons from hell, but hell doesn’t yet exist and some of the best historians believe there are more than just one class of supernatural entities, some disembodied spirits and others angels, and yet other higher ups from Gods own council of of entities described as subordinate gods. Because these entities are supernatural and have a recognizable track record of inspiring of the worst evil imaginable, your use of the word demon certainly would make sense. CoJonesGrandes  September 2, 2016 at 8:02 am Demons, angels, gods are just old fashioned catch-all labels for higher dimensional entities. Preston James, Ph.D  September 1, 2016 at 3:34 pm Yes, the full weight of the KM has been brought against Wolfgang Halbig to suppress his common sense discoveries about Sandy Hoax. This means the Florida police have been induced to coerce him, corrupt paid off or threatened judges have been used to block his legal actions, the CMMM used to deny, and internet trolls used to harass, threaten and abuse him, all at the direction of those who ran this two-day fake false-flag on the 2nd Amendment and AR-15 type long-guns. This threatening Halbig was a violation of the “Rules of Madison Avenue” which these KM doofuses are supposed to obey. It was a dumb mistake of the KM ass-k*ssers. Why? Because now certain other factions who have become enemies of these KM doofus Cutouts now have the right to play dirty. Remember, there are other powerful factions around the world that are enemies of the KM and have been waiting for these “Rules of the Roundtable” they are supposed to play by to be broken. Cardinal Rule one, do not threaten of mess with one’s family when a non-Intel or non-insider civilian protestor makes legitimate protests and obeys the rules and acts civilly with respect which Halbig has done. This huge screw-up gives these competitor factions permission to take the gloves off and start taking direct action against the KM doofuses and Cutouts. So stay tuned, this could get very interesting in the months ahead as punitive sanction get meted out against these KM doofus Cutouts. Log in to Reply JohninMK  September 1, 2016 at 3:22 pm Does anyone know if those who are born into the KM dynasties, like say possibly Evelyn de Rothschild or Prince Charles, have to submit to the ‘tests of loyalty’? Log in to Reply Preston James, Ph.D  September 1, 2016 at 8:57 pm Yes, if insider reports are accurate as many believe they are, each family member must be elevated through various lower initiation tests. If they refuse, they are told you did the right thing and “now you can be trusted” and then they are put into a position of less power but seems like a lot of daily business responsibilities and are never taken to anymore or higher initiation rites. If they pas they rise to the next level and may then have the opportunity to sell their soul and receive their own personal spirit guide. Edward Longshanks  September 1, 2016 at 2:10 pm Sir, those Gods existed already before a Hebrew or a Turk shepherd, Steppe or Desert raider could spell his own name, even existed. The Greek, or similar Roman Gods or Goddes came origninally from Central Europe. You will similar Weltanschauungs-structures in Persia and in Mesopotamia. Those Gods, were Gods of already settled tribes. The Bibel, Quran were established by Nomade cultures. This is the reason, the Turk Steppe Tribes felt familiar with the cruel teachings of the Old Testament. The old testament mentioned very detailed on its first pages in the metapher of Cain and Abel that Jehova denied settled followers, his is only a God of the Nomades. You find the empowered very stamping presence of Jews in the US economy, cash counts, and the next quarter balance sheet. This has northing to do with ancient Gods. Log in to Reply Preston James, Ph.D  September 1, 2016 at 3:18 pm Sorry, but there is a good anecdotal reports from those at the periphery of the KM Top Chieftains inner circles that what I claim here is not only true but explains the KM’s manifest power to control human society and put a grand spell on the masses. And we have corroboration from a whole separate source, individuals who have served in special access, unacknowledged deep-black and beyond-black programs who have witnessed this interaction with such lessor gods who have apparent inter-dimensional supra-natural powers. Edward Longshanks  September 2, 2016 at 3:45 am Dear, Mr. James, Ph.D, i do not doubt that your research is correct. But it is not the responsability of the ancient Gods, who is using their impact now. Mr. Kalashnikov is not responsable for that non-Russians use his guns. Altimometer  September 1, 2016 at 12:39 pm Dr., why was Dan Rather canned by CBS after all those years? Log in to Reply Preston James, Ph.D  September 1, 2016 at 3:21 pm Allegedly because he disclosed a story which exposed Bush2 for the lying, deceiving fraud that he was (over his faked National Guard pilot service) and since the BCC/Fourth Reich faction of the KM was in power behind him, the full wight of the KM was brought to bear to sanction Rather. Edward Longshanks  September 1, 2016 at 3:44 am Very well written article. But what have the ancient Gods of the ele,emts to to with the KM? The KM is a spiritual virus, nothing else, or am i decieived? As in my homecountry, too, your cartel authority is failing to smash those syndicates. Log in to Reply Preston James, Ph.D  September 1, 2016 at 5:26 am Evidence leaked from vetted insiders has revealed that the Top Kingpins of the Khazarian Mafia claim to be empowered by the Fallen Ones, aka the lessor gods who were cast out of the ruling council and dropped here and quarantined to be used to test mankind. And there is corroborating evidence to support this notion such as the alien et technology exchanges, the super sophisticated mind-kontrol successfully deployed against mankind, chemtrail spraying, smart meters, contaminated eugenic vaccines, and all these “attacks” on the bodies and minds of humans who haven’t been able to stop these. This is what they have believed for generations, and have been contacted, advised and empowered to do evil to feed the negative energy needs of these lessor gods, who in due course will be completely eliminated and destroyed. Martin Maloney  September 1, 2016 at 2:01 am Yes, the Web site is down. However, some of the content is still available as PDF files. You can download them, for archival purposes. Start with this one: http://sandyhookjusticereport.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/SANDY-HOOK-SCRIPT-Part-1.pdf Then increment to Part-2, Part-3 ans Part-4. Log in to Reply You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT Latest Top 10 Comments Will Kissinger be a private bridge between Trump and Putin? In which Alex Jones explodes in blubbering rage at the mere mention of my name PTSD and the Toxic World Around Us Unprecented: President to Enter White House Facing Child Rape Trial Roland Organic Juicing Optimal Health Program – Happy New Year Democrat vs. Democratic Israel: Downfall of Netanyahu Predicted but Desire to Occupy Persists RT Joins the Dogs with Pit Bull Scare Will this Syrian ceasefire die like all before it? Benjamin Freedman Exposed the Khazarian Mafia Avnery – The UNSC Resolution Alla Pierce – Polish ambitions in global politics in 2017 CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? No US Aircraft Carriers Now Deployed; None Expected in Middle East for Months Jordan Army Chief Says ISIL Militants Acquired Anti-Aircraft Missiles Iraqi army makes gains in Mosul as ISIS suicide blasts kill 28 in Baghdad Three Perennial Lies in the World Military, Political and Diplomatic Trends Of 2016 That Will Shape 2017 NEO – Clooney and the “White Helmets,” Dupe or Dope? American Insanity: Time to End Billions of Taxpayer Monies Sent to Fund Crazy 19th Century Zionist Dreams A Storm Is Coming (12999) Should Putin liberate the Golan Heights? (9216) Did Israel Down a Russian Jet Over UNSC Smackdown? (UPDATE) (8502) UFOs and the Secret German Space Program (6944) Times of Israel: Netanyahu goes to war with the world (5817) CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? (4355) VT: We are winning the fake news war (4200) Forbidden Videos, White Helmet Executioners and More (4001) And the biggest false flag story of 2016 is…. (3816) Syria-Gate: NATO weaponry and personnel in East Aleppo (3611) Trakkath: Three Perennial Lies in the World Trakkath: Alla Pierce – Polish ambitions in global politics in 2017 Trakkath: Alla Pierce – Polish ambitions in global politics in 2017 Edward Longshanks: CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? Edward Longshanks: RT Joins the Dogs with Pit Bull Scare kaho: CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? Jolanski: American Insanity: Time to End Billions of Taxpayer Monies Sent to Fund Crazy 19th Century Zionist Dreams Allen L Roland, PhD: Roland Organic Juicing Optimal Health Program – Happy New Year Jolanski: Three Perennial Lies in the World Jolanski: Three Perennial Lies in the World VT Readers Poll Do You Support USA Abstaining from UN Resolution on Illegal Israeli Settlements on Indigenous Peoples Land? Yes, agree with USA abstaining Yes, but I wish they would have VOTED in agreement in rest of world No, USA should have VETO'd the vote and stand with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Featured Columnists Allen L Roland, PhD Bob Johnson Bob Nichols Brig Asif H. Raja David Swanson Ed Mattson Gilad Atzmon Gordon Duff, Seni.. Ian Greenhalgh Jim W. Dean, Mana.. Johnny Punish Jonas E. Alexis Kadir A. Mohmand Kevin Barrett Leo Emil Wanta Michael Shrimpton Mike Harris Paul Fitzgerald Press TV Preston James, Ph.D Sami Jamil Jadallah South Front Stuart Littlewood World News Tommor.. Personal Finance View all Follow these simple steps to improve your personal finances in 2017 Follow these simple steps to improve your personal finances in 2017 How to Set, And Keep, Your Personal-Finance Resolutions 5 financial habits to adopt to get wiser about wealth in 2017 National News View all Farming programs helps veterans learn to farm Farming programs helps veterans learn to farm Schools receive recognition for honoring local veterans New Law Provides Fertility Treatment Benefits To Wounded Veterans Foundation News View all Cancer Care for Our Veterans Cancer Care for Our Veterans VA Research on Cancer Career News View all Texas judge takes specialized court for veterans on the road Texas judge takes specialized court for veterans on the road Spring Mobile Joins HireVeterans.com! Area groups to offer veterans’ resource fair in January Network News View all VT Welcomes Scott Stockdale to our Staff Writer Team at VNN VT Welcomes Scott Stockdale to our Staff Writer Team at VNN Esteemed Broadcaster Dan Yaseen Joins VT VT Thanks Readers While Reviewing 2016 and Updates for 2017   Listen Live Radio TV Video Common Law vs. Corporatocracy in Pennsylvania: Radio Free Kanata, January 1, 2017 St. Aquinas on Endtimes & Antichrist’s Arrival Before the Triumph” “Meteor Warning for 2017” China Rising: Capitalist Roads, Socialist Destinations Exposing Fake News with Mike Harris Tribulation Cometh: Church & World In Eclipse TOP 50 READ ARTICLES THIS MONTH From Veterans Today Network Updated: Syrian Special Forces captured 14 US Coalition officers captured in Aleppo UPDATED: Turkish Intel Murders Russian Ambassador in Ankara, in Erdogan False Flag Ploy Aleppo Freed, Biggest US Defeat Since Vietnam The Coming War on Pedophilia? Did Israel Down a Russian Jet Over UNSC Smackdown? (UPDATE) The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) A Storm Is Coming Jacob Rothschild is Guilty for the Conspiracy Against Humankind Satanic Pedophile Cabal’s Iron Grip of Evil Qatari princess having sex with seven men VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble Should Putin liberate the Golan Heights? JFK Jr. Told the World Who Murdered His Father Sandy Hook Hoax: How we know it didn’t happen Berlin Terror Attack: The Only Option for Israel? Syria officially reveals data about foreign Intel officers in Aleppo CNN sympathizes with Ankara assassin U.S. Officials: Russia and Assad Won Syrian War, New World Order Agents Lost   Russia to annihilate killers of its doctor(s) in Aleppo UFOs and the Secret German Space Program Breaking: US Trying to Rescue Intelligence Officers from Eastern Aleppo City CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? The Khazarian Mafia and their marionettes want to rule the world Times of Israel: Netanyahu goes to war with the world Mila Kunis: Hollywood producers want actresses to be pimps Vladimir Putin to NWO agents and Barack Obama: So, you want to get in the ring for a real fight? Vladimir Putin morally and intellectually humiliates Satanist Masha Gessen again Christmas Myth: Was Jesus Jewish? Top 5 Most Racist Countries in the World The role of the Spetsnaz in the liberation of Aleppo The Silent Coup: Putin vs. the Oligarchs Intel Drop, December 13, 2016 Russia’s Churkin takes Samantha Power to the woodshed on ‘moderate opposition’ myth Rape and Sex in German Cities After World War II Revisited (Part II) Russia and UN Condemn Trump on Israel and it won’t go away The Trump Card is played! Never Underestimate THE FOOL Large Number of Turkish, Saudi (Israeli) Officers Deployed in Syria’s Aleppo City Zio-Gladio strikes Europe! Berlin suspect, NATO auditor shot dead Anti-9/11-truth propaganda film “Sully” was produced by Steven Mnuchin Trump’s Nazi Supporters Aghast as Mossad Chief Joins Trump Transition Team Russia tells Assad there is no ‘military solution’ for Syria And the biggest false flag story of 2016 is…. Benjamin Freedman Exposed the Khazarian Mafia When the Lying Starts VT: We are winning the fake news war Mainstream Media Confirm Dalai Lama is A CIA Asset DealDash a Scam? 90% OFF or Rip-Off? Trump, Russia and Israel, a Fake Detente and Real Terrorism US Ambassador Samantha Power: Russia, Iran and Assad ruin our wicked plan in Syria Forbidden Videos, White Helmet Executioners and More Facebook Friend Us Twitter Follow Us Google+ Circle Us RSS Site Feed About Us Veterans Today (VT) is an independent online journal representing the positions and providing news for members of the military and veteran community in areas of national security, geopolitical stability and domestic policy. All writers are fully independent and represent their own point of view and not necessarily the point of view of any other writer, administrator or entity. Quick Links VT Live Radio & Video VT Apps Email Newsletter Advertise Contact Us Help Desk Search Archives Search Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 Search Veterans Today Network VETERANS TODAY NETWORK: National News | Foreign Policy | Job Board | Job News | Money | Forums | Net Radio | Veteran Owned Businesses (VOSB) | Partners: USS Liberty | Rense.com | Veterans Today Cancer Foundation | Log in  - Powered By Veterans Today Network
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Stocks That Quadrupled in the Past Year AMD, Five9, and Weibo all became four-baggers over the past 12 months. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Aug 31, 2016 at 8:05PM Some investors might think that stocks only quadruple over multiple years. However, several stocks delivered "four-bagger" returns over the past 12 months. Let's examine three such stocks -- AMD (NASDAQ:AMD), Five9 (NASDAQ:FIVN), and Weibo (NASDAQ:WB) -- and see if they can keep delivering comparable returns in the future. Image source: Getty Images. AMD AMD is an underdog chipmaker which battles Intel in the CPU market and Nvidia in the GPU market. It lost market share in both markets for years, sales fell, and its losses widened as it boosted spending to keep pace. AMD hit a 52-week low of $1.65 on Jan. 20, after it posted a 23% annual decline in revenue during the fourth quarter and offered weak guidance for the first quarter. But if you had bought AMD that day, you would be sitting on a gain of over 350% today. AMD's sales fell 19% during the first quarter, but it announced strong guidance for the second quarter. During the second quarter, it posted 9% sales growth -- its first annual sales growth in two full years -- on robust demand for its semi-custom SoCs for gaming consoles. It also expects demand for those SoCs to rise as Microsoft and Sony respectively release upgraded versions of the Xbox One and PS4. AMD also returned to non-GAAP operating profitability during the quarter. Image source: Company websites. AMD now expects its sales to rise 18% for the third quarter, and analysts believe that it could finish the year with 3% growth. Sales of its new Polaris-based GPUs, which have dramatically lowered the price point for VR-ready PCs, could boost its GPU sales, while its upcoming Zen chips might help it regain some market share from Intel. Five9 Five9 provides cloud software for managing customer relationships at call centers. Its subscription-based VCC (Virtual Contact Center) platform competes directly against Salesforce's Call Center, but Five9 focuses on smaller businesses instead of Salesforce's larger enterprise customers. Five9 went public in April 2014, and has delivered over 20% annual sales growth in every quarter since its public debut. Its revenue rose 29% last quarter, up from 26% growth in the previous quarter and 23% growth in the year ago quarter. Analysts expect the company to post 22% sales growth this year. Fire9 also announced an annual dollar-based retention rate of 100% last quarter, up from 94% a year earlier, along with all-time records in enterprise and commercial bookings. Wall Street has already noticed Five9's hot streak -- if you had purchased Five9 at its 52-week low of $3.48 last October, your initial investment would have risen nearly 320%. Five9 is unprofitable by both GAAP and non-GAAP measures, but its losses are narrowing. Weibo Weibo, the microblogging site often referred to as "China's Twitter," has rallied almost 340% from its 52-week low of $10.90 last October. That massive rally was fueled by Weibo's impressive sales growth -- its revenue rose 36% annually last quarter, compared to 24% growth in the previous quarter and 39% growth a year ago. Weibo attributes that growth to "the strong adoption of social marketing" boosting spending among major companies and SMEs (small and medium-sized enterprises). Analysts expect Weibo's revenue to rise 34% this year. Image source: Google Play. Weibo's monthly active users (MAUs) rose 33% annually to 282 million during the quarter, with 89% of users accessing the service from mobile devices. Its daily active users (DAUs) rose 36% to 126 million. By comparison, Twitter's MAUs rose just 3% to 313 million last quarter. Weibo's non-GAAP net income surged 225% to $35.5 million last quarter. On the same basis, Twitter's net income rose 92% last quarter. However, both Weibo and its parent company Sina face the threat of government censorship and abrupt shutdowns. Chinese censors temporarily shut down Sina before, erased Weibo accounts, and threatened the companies over poor self-censorship practices. Those threats indicate that Weibo's growth could abruptly grind to a halt due to government intervention. Mind the valuations... With the market near all-time highs, investors should be mindful of AMD, Five9, and Weibo's valuations. AMD doesn't look expensive at 1.5 times sales, but Five9's P/S of 5.3 and Weibo's P/S of 18.3 look pricey. Therefore, investors should realize that these rallies could fade quickly if their streaks of hot sales growth end. Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nvidia, Salesforce.com, and Twitter. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft. The Motley Fool recommends Intel and Sina. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Aug 31, 2016 at 8:05PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $11.34 down $0.25 (-2.16%) Weibo NASDAQ:WB $40.60 down $0.54 (-1.31%) FIVE9 INC NASDAQ:FIVN $14.19 down $0.03 (-0.21%) Read More Why Shares of Advanced Micro Devices Jumped Today What NVIDIA's Blowout Quarter Says About AMD's Comeback 5 Reasons Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Stock Could Rise in 2017 AMD's "One-Time" Charges Are Starting to Add Up The Best Video Game Stocks of 2016 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Stocks That Quadrupled in the Past Year #stocks $AMD, $WB, $FIVN
null
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Tesla's grow-at-all-costs strategy could backfire Travis Hoium, The Motley Fool Sep. 2, 2016, 9:16 PM 2,255 facebook linkedin twitter email print REUTERS/Bobby Yip/File Photo Silicon Valley is the home of some of the biggest tech companies in the world and the area's engineers and investors have used some fairly similar strategies to dominate their respective industries. If you look at the largest Silicon Valley success stories they serve what may be considered to be a two-sided market with a high probability of network effects that keep competitors at bay. As a result, the businesses require rapid growth in order to capture market share, and once you get that market share the profits start pouring in. Apple, Google, Facebook, Uber, Snapchat, Microsoft, Amazon.com, Intel, and Oracle are just a few of the tech companies that have exploited the near monopoly power a two-sided market can provide to build massive businesses. This is the context under which Elon Musk got his start in business and are some of the dynamics that made Paypal such a success. Now, with its Gigafactory 1, Model 3 production plans, and solar investments, it looks like Tesla Motors is treating energy a lot like Silicon Valley neighbors with a "grow at all cost" mentality. But are cars, energy storage, and solar panels at all similar to building a software company in Silicon Valley? The power of two-sided markets Before we dive too far into Tesla's strategy, I think it's important to look at how two-sided markets and the network effect have been used in Silicon Valley. In a two-sided market, a company is bringing some value to one group of people (usually consumers) and another value to another separate group of people (usually suppliers), creating value for both. Having more customers brings more suppliers, which makes the market more attractive to customers, which brings more suppliers, and so on. That's the network effect. Once both groups of people start using the company's services it's often very difficult to leave, which is why companies with a dominant market share can become so valuable. Apple's iPhone is a great example of this dynamic at work. As people bought iPhones it created a large market for developers to build apps and sell them to customers. More apps made iPhones more attractive than competing products and led to more iPhone sales. Eventually, millions of customers and developers were locked in. Today, even if Blackberry introduced a phone that was better than the iPhone it wouldn't have the developer infrastructure or the user base to be an attractive platform, making it very difficult for either consumers or developers to leave iPhone for Blackberry. Musk's first major success, Paypal, used the same concept. Once consumers had Paypal accounts it made it attractive for both other consumers to get Paypal and for businesses to accept Paypal in their own payment systems. And growth in users led to growth in businesses using Paypal, leading to a virtuous cycle. Every company I mentioned above serves a two-sided market in one way or another, benefiting from the network affect the market can provide. A key to the success of each of them was rapid growth to take a vast majority of their potential market before competitors could catch up, and once they dominate the market they're the de facto standard. It's why Uber fights Lyft so intensely and why Amazon is willing to lose money just to take share against online retail rivals. They all want to be the standard in the market. The question is: Does this typical Silicon Valley playbook work for Tesla Motors? How Tesla Motors is starting to look like Silicon Valley neighbors The way that Musk has been building out Tesla Motors' capabilities as well as its partnerships is a lot like a tech company in a two-sided market. He's trying to grow Tesla Motors and SolarCity as quickly as possible, taking as much market share as possible. The more capabilities he can offer to customers the more they'll buy. An electric vehicle turns into a solar-power system, which may eventually turn into a Powerwall or even a solar roof. From the supplier side, Musk has tried to standardize his own products. In EVs, he opened up all of Tesla Motors' patents, not out of the goodness of his heart, but because he wanted competitors to start using Tesla's proprietary charging plug design. If he could get others to use Tesla technology it could start controlling the charging network. He's dismissed the hydrogen technology Toyota and Honda are working on as "incredibly dumb." If electricity is the standard, Tesla Motors will be a big winner. In solar, SolarCity bought ZepSolar just as it was becoming the standard racking design for the industry. And it tried to take so much market share that competitors were effectively squeezed out of the market out of a lack of scale. Energy storage may be where the real vision of a network effect is being built. If Tesla Motors acquires SolarCity and energy storage becomes a standard offering with solar and EVs, utilities will become the partner on the other side of the market from consumers. Musk would control when energy storage systems are charged and discharged, which would make Tesla a key partner to utilities along with being a supplier of batteries to the utility itself. Utilities may not be willing partners with Tesla, but they would be forced to be partners if the company has enough batteries and EVs in the market. Where the network effect falls apart for Tesla Motors The idea of Tesla Motors being at the center of a two-sided market may look good on paper, but in practice it won't work anything like a typical tech company. I don't think customers are more likely to buy a solar-power system from Tesla just because they bought an EV from them and energy storage won't be a guaranteed add-on. The goal of standardizing EV or solar designs has failed because no major automaker is using Tesla plugs and solar components are easy to swap out. Competing technology like hydrogen will also compete on its own and may be in adjacent markets, not the EVs or battery energy storage Musk is building today. Trucks are already being developed with hydrogen/electric powertrains and competitors are launching hydrogen cars. Most importantly, energy is a highly regulated market, unlike computer operating systems, ride sharing networks, or social media. For Tesla to compete in solar and energy storage it will have to compete on a level playing field with other companies in the same business. Scale could help, but there will be no locking out competitors because regulators will demand transparent bidding on services. And that could derail how Musk is looking at being a central player in the tie between consumers and suppliers in the energy market. Tesla's products may not have a Silicon Valley advantage At the end of the day, Tesla Motors' products will likely have to stand on their own against the competition, without a the competitive advantages two-sided markets have brought to much of Silicon Valley. That'll make competition a lot more fierce and could make it harder to make a profit as a result. That's something to keep in mind when investors are cheering Tesla Motors' grow at all costs strategy. Read the original article on The Motley Fool. Copyright 2016. Follow The Motley Fool on Twitter. More from The Motley Fool: He Made 21,078% Buying Amazon. Here’s His New Pick Forget Apple! Here's a Better Stock to Buy Shark Tank Just Revealed a Trillion-Dollar Idea 11 Rules For Building Wealth After 50 NOW WATCH: The US is $19.9 trillion in debt — here are the countries we owe the most Loading video... More: Tesla Electric Cars Sillicon Valley standardization The Motley Fool SolarCity Elon Musk facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Tesla's grow-at-all-costs strategy could backfire Tesla's grow-at-all-costs strategy could backfire Silicon Valley is the home of some of the... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Insider Picks BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. Why there's no reason for most people to spend over $1,000 on a laptop Brandt Ranj, Insider Picks Jun. 15, 2016, 12:15 PM 12,332 facebook linkedin twitter email print The Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships so we may get a share of the revenue from your purchase. Don't tell us what you're dedicated to. Tell us what you've done.Mark Wilson/Getty Images Computers aren't getting more powerful at the same pace that they used to. Since 1965 computer scientists have used an informal rule called "Moore's Law" to calculate how much faster computer processors will become. Intel, whose co-founder George Moore coined the concept has officially acknowledged that after half a century, Moore's Law is slowing down. And that's great news. Instead of power, computer manufacturers have begun focusing on making their computers more efficient, which will ultimately make them last longer. That methodology, coupled with the fact that the tasks most people use their computers for on a day-to-day basis are no longer resource-intensive means you can do a lot more without spending a lot of money.  There's no reason to spend four figures on a laptop if all you're going to do is browse the web, use social media, write papers, and make slideshows; even doing two of those things at once won't eat up a lot of your system's memory.  It's true that there are some trade offs to buying a lower-end computer. It probably won't be made from premium materials, or have as high resolution of a screen, but that's fine for most people. Another upside is that many laptops have user-replicable parts, so if your computer is feeling a little sluggish after a few years, you can upgrade one component instead of buying a new machine. Let me be clear, if you're looking for a machine capable of seamlessly rendering 4K footage while playing a game, these picks won't do you much good. People who are looking for that have probably accepted the fact that a "budget" level computer won't be for them anyway. Below are a couple examples of budget laptops that have made the grade. For even more choices, be sure to check out our budget laptop buying guide. View As: One Page Slides HP 15-F211WM Amazon The HP 15-F211WM is a pretty good 15" budget laptop from HP. It has 4GB of memory, which is plenty for day-to-day tasks, and a 500GB hard drive capable of holding thousands of songs, documents, pictures, and movies. Its most premium feature its touch screen, which should ease the transition between interacting with your smartphone and laptop. It has all of the standard ports, including USB 2 and 3 for connecting accessories, Ethernet for high speed networking, and HDMI to connect it to a TV or projector. Opinions on Amazon are mostly positive, and those who bought the computer looking to perform average tasks seem satisfied. HP 15-F211WM, $361.99, available at Amazon. ASUS VivoBook E200HA-US01-GD Amazon The Asus Vivobook is a budget machine that sacrifices power for a small form factor. It has 2GB of RAM and 32GB of storage space, but it's 2.2lb and has an 11.2 inch screen. This would be a good option for someone who's always on the go, and keeps a lot of their data in the cloud. The lack of local storage or disc drive means it's probably not a good fit for heavy media users. People who have used the device have praised its slim size and long battery life. Another plus is that it comes with a free year of Microsoft's Office 365 software suite, which normally costs $100. Another nice feature is that this laptop is full to the brim with the latest and greatest Bluetooth and WiFi antennas, further underscoring the fact that it's made for someone with a more cloud-centric lifestyle. ASUS VivoBook E200HA-US01-GD, $199, available on Amazon.       Disclosure: This post is brought to you by Business Insider's Insider Picks team. We aim to highlight products and services you might find interesting, and if you buy them, we get a small share of the revenue from the sale from our commerce partners, including Amazon. Jeff Bezos, CEO of Amazon, is an investor in Business Insider through his personal investment company Bezos Expeditions. We frequently receive products free of charge from manufacturers to test. This does not drive our decision as to whether or not a product is featured or recommended. We operate independently from our advertising sales team. We welcome your feedback. Have something you think we should know about? Email us at insiderpicks@businessinsider.com. Read the original article on Insider Picks. Copyright 2016. Follow Insider Picks on Twitter. SEE ALSO: This is the best WiFi router I’ve ever used SEE ALSO: This is a must-have accessory for owners of Apple's new MacBook More: Insider Picks Laptops Features Tech facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Why there's no reason for most people to spend over $1,000 on a laptop Why there's no reason for most people to spend over $1,000 on a laptop The Insider Picks team writes about stuff we... Your Editor (online now) Breton Fischetti × From Body Thank you for your input. Close Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Insider Picks Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Laptops Micromax Neo with 14-inch HD display out at Rs 17990 Laptops Micromax Neo with 14-inch HD display out at Rs 17990 By Sohil Nikam - The Micromax Neo has been launched in India as the latest entry in the brand’s portfolio of affordable laptops. The notebook is primarily aimed at students and young working professionals on the lookout for a device with a decent mix of specs at a budget cost. Micromax has chosen to vend the Neo exclusively via Amazon India at Rs 17990. For that much, interested buyers will get a laptop which runs on Windows 10 and is juiced by a 4800mAh battery. Its daily processes are powered by a 1.6GHz quad-core Intel Pentium N3700 processor which offers turbo speeds of up to 2.4GHz only. Also Read: Micromax’s new budget Alpha laptop packs 6GB of RAM In terms of memory, the Micromax offering packs an adequate 4GB of RAM and 500GB of HDD storage. The device sports a 14.1-inch screen which outputs its visuals in a resolution of 1366 x 768p. The brand is touting the product as a sleek and lightweight notebook due to its 23.7 x 34.1 x 2.1cm size and 1.5kg weight. Here’s a quick summary of the main specifications of the Micromax Neo: – Display: 14.1-inch, 1366 x 768 pixels – OS: Windows 10 – Processor: 1.6GHz quad-core Intel Pentium N3700 – Storage: 500GB HDD – RAM: 4GB – Battery: 4800mAh – Camera: 1MP HD – Weight: 1.5kg – Size: 23.7 x 34.1 x 2.1cm – Connectivity: Bluetooth 4.0, Wi-Fi, 2 x USB 2.0, 1 x USB 3.0, HDMI Connectivity-wise, the Micromax Neo ships with support for two USB 2.0 ports, one USB 3.0 port, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0 and HDMI. The notebook is available in a black color variant. Like we mentioned above, it can be snapped up via Amazon India priced at Rs 17990. TAGS Micromax Micromax Neo Price specifications SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleSamsung globally recalls Galaxy Note 7 amid battery explosion fears Next articleRDP Thin Book Review: Can a Rs 10000 laptop satisfy your daily needs? Sohil Nikam RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Dell accidentally reveals XPS 13 2-in-1 ahead of CES 2017 Lenovo’s refreshed ThinkPads feature Kaby Lake CPUs, precision touchpads Xiaomi Mi Notebook Air 4G goes official 245,824FansLike 13,675FollowersFollow 13,444SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More Meizu M5S gets spotted in the wild again Sohil Nikam - Jan 2, 2017 0 Samsung Smart View app to get Chromecast-like streaming ability Bindu Nair - Jan 2, 2017 0 Apple partner Wistron seeks India plant expansion for iPhone manufacture Bindu Nair - Jan 2, 2017 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (6) Post your comment Razer announces updated Blade and Blade Stealth 02 September 2016 Razer announced updated versions of its Blade Stealth Ultrabook and Blade gaming notebook at PAX this year. The Blade Stealth sees numerous improvements over the previous version that came out earlier this year. One of the changes is the switch to Intel's 7th generation Core-i7-7500U with Intel HD Graphics 620. It still comes in the same QHD (2560 x 1440) or 4K (3840 x 2160) display options, with the QHD model getting 128/256/512 SSD storage options and the 4K model getting 512GB/1TB SSD options. All but the very base 128GB model get 16GB RAM, with the base model staying at 8GB. Razer has also updated the battery on the Blade Stealth, with the newer model running a 53.6Wh battery. The rest of the specifications are identical to the previous model. As for the larger Blade, it now comes with NVIDIA's latest 1060 GPU replacing the 970M on the previous model. The Blade is available in two display options, a 14-inch 1080p matte display and a 14-inch 3200 x 1800 QHD+ display. The storage options include 128GB/512GB/1TB options with 16GB RAM across the board. The Blade still rocks the 6th generation Intel Core-i7-6700HQ and a 70Wh battery. Prices for the Blade Stealth start at $999 and the Blade starts at $1799. Source 1  Source 2 Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com HOME | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
TechRadar pro IT insights for business Search RSS News Reviews Insights TechRadar Business Laptop/PC Printers Hardware Software Mobile working Security Networks Management Data centre & Cloud Reviews Dell Inspiron 17 7000 review Hands on: Dell Inspiron 17 7000 review Not yet rated By Kane Fulton Laptops and netbooks  A flipping huge convertible with potential Shares What is a hands on review? Jump to Section: Best Price Comments Our Early Verdict The first 17-inch convertible laptop is a solid performer and a compelling option for businesses looking to show off their content while on the move. It's just a shame that the Inspiron 17 17000's considerable size and heft will slow you down in the process. For Large display Solid build quality Attractive design Against 1080p display resolution only Bulky Heavy Convertible notebooks that can be used as tablets or laptops bring obvious benefits, with the main upshot being that you only need to buy one device rather than two. The first type uses a rotating hinge design to flip the display around 360 degrees, while the second makes the display detachable - like Microsoft's Surface Book. Dell has opted for the first former approach with its giant Inspiron 17 7000 convertible laptop, and we can't help but thing it might have been better off going for the latter. There's no getting around the Inspiron's size, which is both its main advantage and biggest flaw. Dell's machine is the first 17-inch convertible, which itself speaks volumes. Folding over the the Inspiron 17 7000's base to switch between laptop, tablet and presentation modes is two-handed exercise, one that would be a worthy addition to any yoga routine. On the other hand, the Inspiron 17 7000's sizeable attributes get you a roomy display that simply doesn't exist on any other convertible - and it's a beauty. If your small business needs a device that will be used to show off company videos, or support materials for sales pitches, flipping the unit into tent mode (an inverted 'V') provides an instant monitor that takes up little space on the surface it's rested upon. That display also feels like a missed opportunity. Its resolution meanders at Full HD, which limits its usefulness as a productivity device and especially as a desktop replacement. There's enough room to multi-task comfortably, but office workers used to the extra desktop real-estate afforded by QHD or 4K displays will feel constrained by the lack of pixels here. On a positive note, you can use all fingers and thumbs to operate the touchscreen display, which is especially convenient when used in Windows 10's Tablet Mode. You also get a lot of laptop for the money. Dell is offering the Inspiron 17 7000 in two configurations, starting at £999 (around $1,300). That fetches you a sixth-generation Intel Core i7-6500U processor backed up by 16GB of RAM. Storage consists of a 1TB 5400 rpm hard disk drive and 128GB SSD, which Windows is stored on for fast boot times. For an extra £50 ($70) there's also a second configuration that serves up a 512GB SSD for storage instead. Design-wise, Dell's machine is attractive without trying too hard. its brushed aluminium chassis contrasts well with the display's matte black bezel, which positions a silver Dell logo at the bottom. There's solid build quality wherever you prod and poke at the machine's aluminium chassis, which at six pounds in weight is not particularly backpack-friendly. It's not something you're going to want to lug between meetings or squeeze awkwardly on a train table. The Inspiron 17 7000's port selection is decent, featuring HDMI (1.4), USB-C, USB 3.0 with PowerShare, USB 2.0 and a media card reader (SD, SDHX, SDXC). Communications features include Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.0. Keyboards have been a bone of contention on a number of Dell's high-end offerings in recent years including the XPS 13 and XPS 15, with only the Latitude 13 7370's excellent keyboard bucking the trend. Unfortunately typing Inspiron 17 7000's keyboard isn't a great experience due to keys with shallow travel, combined with a frankly huge wrist rest that forces you to moved your arms further forward toward the keyboard. Benchmarks Cinebench R15: OpenGL: 60.31 fps; CPU: 306 points Geekbench (Single-Core): 3,506 points; (Multi-Core) 7,138 points Battery test (1080p looped video streamed over Wi-Fi in Edge, 50% brightness): 5 hours 56 minutes The Core i7-6500U processor inside is no slouch, featuring a base clock speed 2.5GHz and 3.10GHz achieved using Turbo Boost. However, it's not quite as fast what you'll find in Dell's flagship 15-inch offering, the XPS 15, which comes with a Core i7-6700HQ chip that racked up 12,449 points in our Cinebench R15 Multi-Core benchmark. The Inspiron 17 7000 gets a dedicated Nvidia GeForce 940MX 2GB graphics which is a step above Intel's integrated offerings and more than adequate for web browsing, using a high-resolution monitor and low-level 3D rendering and multimedia work. Just don't expect to play games in-between work breaks at anything approaching high detail settings without lowering the resolution first. Early verdict The first 17-inch convertible is an intriguing one. You can't knock Dell's ambition with the Inspiron 17 7000, which offers solid performance, an attractive design and a large display that looks great with the device flipped into its various modes. It's just a shame that the display has such a low resolution, which seriously limits the Inspiron's potential as a desktop replacement device. It's limited as a laptop and too unwieldy and heavy to be used as a tablet most of the time, which positions it awkwardly as a mid-way device that excels at neither use case. An interesting, niche and ultimately flawed effort, then. What is a hands on review? 'Hands on reviews' are a journalist's first impressions of a piece of kit based on spending some time with it. It may be just a few moments, or a few hours. The important thing is we have been able to play with it ourselves and can give you some sense of what it's like to use, even if it's only an embryonic view. For more information, see TechRadar's Reviews Guarantee. Load Comments GET YOUR FREE MAGAZINE NET: The Money Issue worth £5.99 Join 13,000 TechRadar Pro subscribers! Sign up for a new, free business service from TechRadar Pro to help you in your job delivering high value, original content direct to your inbox GET MY FREE MAGAZINE No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 CES 2017: All the news from the massive Las Vegas tech show 2 Best Apple Watch apps for your smartwatch in 2016 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 The 10 best 4K TVs of 2016 5 10 best wireless headphones available today 1 The 10 most disappointing games of 2016 2 Apple might have a plan to keep your AirPods in your ears 3 iOS 10.3 beta already? Here are the rumored iPhone and iPad features 4 Watch Tesla Autopilot mode predict and avoid a nasty car crash 5 The first LG G6 phone leak shows it’s back on the right path TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Razer gives its Blades a Kaby Lake, GeForce 10-series bump The Ultrabook gets a faster processor, the gaming laptop a better GPU. by Peter Bright - Sep 2, 2016 9:54 pm UTC Login to bookmark 73 The updated Razer Blade Stealth. Razer Razer has given its gamer laptops a bit of a bump to boost both battery life and performance. When we reviewed the sleek 12.5 inch Razer Blade Stealth Ultrabook earlier this year we liked the looks, the Thunderbolt 3, and the price. But we weren't so keen on the battery life of the 4K system we tested. The updated version should make good progress in that department. Razer is updating the Blade Stealth Ultrabook to use one of Intel's new Kaby Lake processors. Kaby Lake is, all things considered, a pretty minor update over Skylake, but the new i7-7500U chip (2.7GHz base, 3.5GHz turbo) should offer a bit more performance and a bit more power efficiency than the i6-6500U (2.6GHz/3.1GHz) in the old version. The update's bigger win comes from a bigger battery: the 45Whr unit in the old system has been replaced with a 53.6Whr one. Even without any savings from the new processor, that almost 20 percent increase in battery should translate directly into a 20 percent increase in battery life. That's enough to get the 4K laptop snapping at the heels of its 1080p competitors. Prices start at $999 (£750) for a 2560×1440 system with a 128GB SSD, with shipping due to start on September 14 and preorders available now. The Blade Stealth's big party trick is connecting it to the Razer Core: a Thunderbolt 3-attached expansion device that can house a full-size desktop GPU. Razer is now adding the Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 and AMD Radeon RX 480 to the list of supported GPUs, meaning you can quickly and easily add the latest graphics options to turn your Ultrabook into a gaming machine. Enlarge / The appearance of the updated Razer Blade hasn't actually changed as far as we can tell. Razer If you want the GPU inside the laptop, Razer has also updated the 14 inch Blade. This system still has a Skylake processor because it has a quad core chip, and the quad core Kaby Lakes won't be out until next year. But its integrated GPU has been boosted. Out goes the old GTX 970M, in comes a new GTX 1060 with 6GB of dedicated memory. This is now a desktop-class GPU—Nvidia isn't making dedicated "mobile" parts for the 10 series—but it doesn't seem to have had any impact on the Blade's thickness, still 0.7 inches, or weight, which still starts at 4.2lbs. Prices start at $1,799 (£1,350) for a 1920×1080 system with a 256GB SSD. Pre-orders aren't open yet, although you can "register your interest." Shipments should start in October. Expand full story Reader comments 73 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Peter Bright / Peter is Technology Editor at Ars. He covers Microsoft, programming and software development, Web technology and browsers, and security. He is based in Brooklyn, NY.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
null
An open source project that provides the scaffolding needed to rapidly prototype new hypervisors View the Project on GitHubBareflank/hypervisor File a Bug or Feature RequestBug Tracker Watch Demo on Youtube Bareflank 1.0 Demo Subscribe to RSS Atom Format Download ZIP File Download TAR Ball View On GitHub Rapidly Prototype New Hypervisors Bareflank aims to provide all of the scaffolding needed to rapidly prototype new hypervisors. Currently Bareflank has support for Linux on Intel 64bit CPUs, but support for Windows, OS X, and UEFI is coming as well as support for ARM and AMD platforms. Simple To Extend Bareflank is written in C++ with support for the C++ STL via libc++. Bareflank also comes complete with a custom unwind library for kernel safe exception support. Using inheritance and Bareflank's modular design, it is simple to extend Bareflank to create your own hypervisors. Bareflank even comes with a set of examples that demonstrate, step-by-step, how custom extensions work. Bareflank Hypervisor VPID Example Bareflank Hypervisor CPUID Count Example API Documentation Bareflank includes Doxygen API documentation. In addition, each sub-project has been documented to explain what it does, and how it works. API Documentation Authors and Contributors Bareflank was created by Rian Quinn (@rianquinn), and Brendan Kerrigan (@brendank310) and funded by Assured Information Security, Inc. This project is maintained by Assured Information Security, Inc. Hosted on GitHub Pages — Theme by orderedlist


ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot January 3, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Best tweets and takeaways from ClickZ Live and Shift San Francisco Events Industry 02 Sep 16 | Graham Charlton Facebook0 Linkedin29 Google+8 Twitter 37 Tuesday 30th August was the first day of ClickZ Live and Shift San Francisco, an event which attracted more then 500 attendees. It featured speakers from Accenture, Forbes, Intel,  M&C Saatchi Mobile and keynotes from Aston Martin,  Pandora, Walmart and Nitin Mangtani. Here’s a collection of tweets from the event, with some great stats and insights… Watching @astonmartin CMO give an awesome talk @ #CZLSF. Learned if you buy one they invite you to the factory to watch it get built. Crazy. — Adam Singer (@AdamSinger) August 30, 2016 46 times a day. That’s how many times the average American checks their mobile phones each day. How often do you check? #CZLSF — Stacey Jaffe (@staceyjaffe) August 30, 2016 A much anticipated talk from Heidi Browning from #Pandora giving invaluable #insights at #czlsf #marketing #mobil… pic.twitter.com/pi2Ejg0HPb — Kevin Steineman (@KSteineman) August 30, 2016 In 2014 mobile surpassed desktop users and now more time spent on media than sleeping #CliczIntelligence #CZLSF pic.twitter.com/S2P7LzgXnm — AdSpots (@AdSpotsInc) August 31, 2016 “The customer journey is no longer linear” says @LinusGreg #CZLSF pic.twitter.com/IXjNYFFKWF — Gabriella Khorasanee (@MissGDK) August 31, 2016 Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin29 Google+8 Twitter 37 Related articles Four most important search marketing news stories of the week What exactly is a marketing cloud, and do you need one? Five most interesting search marketing news stories of the week Workplace by Facebook: a reality check Why #consumers delete #mobile #apps. Important #uxdesign considerations to improve #customerretention. #CZLSF pic.twitter.com/bM1YCqyyJP — HERO (@MarketingByHERO) August 31, 2016 Using schema markup on your reviews? Make sure your reviews were generated on YOUR site, not syndicated from others! #seo #CZLSF — Thom Craver (@thomcraver) August 30, 2016 Yay for marketers, sad for tired people: “More time spent on media than sleeping” says @LinusGreg #CZLSF — Gabriella Khorasanee (@MissGDK) August 31, 2016 Need to know what the customer wants, and be able to deliver to them through technology –@KevinKrone @SouthwestAir #WednesdayWisdom #CZLSF — Carly Ferry (@CRLYFRRY) August 31, 2016 1/5 minutes spent on #mobile is on #facebook or #instagram #clickzlive #czlsf #czsf pic.twitter.com/PgUFZyS8Ss — Kevin Steineman (@KSteineman) August 30, 2016 challenges @astonmartin when trying to integrate w/ diff functions. ->It happens to all companies. :-) #CZLSF pic.twitter.com/HBKUiyfVCb — Pam Didner (@PamDidner) August 30, 2016 Graham Charlton is Editor in Chief at ClickZ Global. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading Five most interesting search marketing news stories of the week This week, we've got a special on stories about advertising and mobile, with a look at mobile ad viewability from our regular mobile columnist Andy Favell, and the news that Snapchat video ads are generating less than three seconds' viewing time on average. Industry Mobile More News 09 Dec 16 | Rebecca Sentance Three major developments that will shape multi-channel marketing in 2017 As we close out the year, what are some of the major developments that are likely to shape multi-channel marketing in 2017? Industry PPC Social 07 Dec 16 | Rebecca Sentance Five most important search marketing news stories of the week Content marketing for 2017; why social media is the preferred channel for product launches; and how to use an Exact Match Domain (EMD) without being penalised Industry More News SEO 02 Dec 16 | Rebecca Sentance Marketers now turn to social for product launches When it comes time to launch a new product, the majority of marketers in the US, the UK, and Australia are now turning to social media. Industry Social 30 Nov 16 | Al Roberts Tags ClickZ Live | events Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL editorial@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2016/09/02/best-tweets-and-takeaways-from-clickz-live-and-shift-san-francisco/ Send × Want to stay on top of search trends? Get top insights and news from our search expertsDelivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Windows IT Pro Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS IT/Dev Connections Forums Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Windows Windows 10 Windows Server 2012 Windows Server 2008 Windows Server 2003 Windows 8 Windows 7 Windows Vista Windows XP Exchange Server Exchange Server 2013 Exchange Server 2010 Exchange Server 2007 Exchange Server 2003 Outlook Unified Communications/Lync SharePoint Virtualization Cloud Systems Management System Center PowerShell & Scripting Active Directory & Group Policy Mobile Networking Storage Training Online Training IT/Dev Connections Webcasts VIP Library Digital Magazine Archives InfoCenters IT Innovators Mobile Computing Business Now Desktop VDI All About Converged Architecture Advertisement Home > WinInfo > Short Takes: January 9, 2015 Short Takes: January 9, 2015 An often irreverent look at this week's other news Jan 9, 2015 Paul Thurrott EMAIL Tweet Comments 8 Advertisement An often irreverent look at this week's other news, including an ignoble end for Microsoft's advance security notification service, the malaise that is CES, Maryland chooses Office 365 and common sense, Microsoft supports Bitcoin on Windows Phone, you can play old MS-DOS video games on the web for free, Google is selling auto insurance, and Apple reaped $4.5 billion from third party app sales in 2014. Microsoft kills off its advance security notification service Or, put more accurately, Microsoft has stopped providing advanced security update information available to the general public and will now only make it available to those customers that have paid Premier support contracts. You might think of this as "security information as a (paid) service," but what I find rankling here is that we live in an age where transparency—particularly with regards to security—is all the more important, so Microsoft's decision here is particularly curious. The rationale for killing it off? "The vast majority of customers wait for Update Tuesday, or take no action, allowing updates to occur automatically." That's an excuse, not a reason. And this decision stinks. "Gadget Review: Lumia 535, Microsoft's first smartphone" I could have sworn that the KIN was Microsoft's first smart phone. This week's takeaway: CES remains as vital as ever Which is to say, absolutely non-vital. But if there's any good news that came out of Las Vegas this week, it had nothing to do with selfie sticks, personal drones, smarter-than-ever cars, or any of that other nonsense. It's that the PC is back, baby. Thanks in part to Intel's delayed release of the Broadwell chipset, PC makers were out in force for the first time ever at CES this year, showing off a new generation of touch-based devices that actually look great, perform well, and answer consumer needs. This is bad timing in some ways—it might have been nice for these PCs to debut alongside Windows 10, for example—but I'll take it. The PC has been the butt of jokes for too long. And this week's CES erased those issues nicely. "Five things we won't forget about CES 2015" And one million things we have already forgotten. Maryland provides Office 365 to all public school students for free Now this is the sort of adoption that Microsoft was looking for, and a nice retort to all those misguided school systems—including the one here in Dedham, sadly—that are handing out cheap Chromebooks like chiclets to the children whose intellectual futures they are forfeiting in the name of upfront savings. What the kids are really getting is Office 365 ProPlus, which is the subscription-based version of the Office applications for PCs and tablets, plus unlimited storage in OneDrive for Business. With quality PCs now available as cheaply as those soon-to-be-bricked Chromebooks, it's time for schools to wake up and smell the education. "Verizon has 'temporarily sold out' of all Lumia Windows Phone devices" Success!! Microsoft now supports Bitcoin payments on Lumia smart phones No one noticed, but Microsoft this week started letting users of its Lumia smart phones pay for apps, games and other content using Bitcoin, the "peer-to-peer decentralized network of digital currency," or what I think of as "funny money." The firm lets you exchange up to $1,000 in bitcoins into your account each day (I guess the value varies from day to day, like real money). And then you can redeem those cute little non-existent coins for apps, games, music and movies. Is this insanity? I think it's pretty close. "Xbox One And Xbox 360 Are Now Top Consoles For Porn" Microsoft, finally finding its niche vs. the PlayStation. Play old, DOS-based PC games ... on the web Like many my age, I'm curiously nostalgic about the early days of the PC industry, and I often think back on my experiences with early Commodore and Amiga computers, Atari, Mac, and other long-dead technologies. But thanks to a clever new web site, anyone can engage in a bit of nostalgia and play a growing selection of early, DOS-based video games for free. The Internet Archive's MS-DOS Games Software Library uses an in-browser PC emulator to make it all happen, and while there are some limitations—you can't save game progress, at least in the games I've tried, for example—it's still pretty fricking amazing. Wolfenstein 3D in a browser? Are you kidding me!? Check it out! "Apple, Amazon, or Google: Who Will Win the Battle of the Tech Titans?" Microsoft? Google plans to sell insurance From the "you can make this stuff up" department comes news that Google, the most beloved privacy invader in the history of mankind, intends to start selling ... insurance. Actually, Google already sells insurance: Its Google Compare auto insurance has been available in Great Britain for a couple of years in the UK, as it turns out. This actually makes sense on two levels. One, since Google knows more about you than any other corporate entity on earth, it makes sense that this company could insure you, since it will know how much of a risk you really are. And two, Sony sells insurance too. Yes, really: And Sony's insurance business is arguably the only reason this so-called consumer electronics firm is still in business. This is the end of times, folks. "For Sony Pictures CEO, cyberattack won't set studio back" I agree that crap like "The Interview" arguably does far more damage to this company's reputation. Apple earned $4.5 billion from mobile app sales in 2014 And that's just from the 30 percent cut it takes from third party app sales, meaning that total app revenue through the App Store in 2014 was an incredible $15 billion, up 50 percent from the year before. Which just goes to show you: The most impressive thing about Apple's customer base is their willingness to whip out their credit cards so frequently. (And that's a fact, by the way: Google's Play Store app revenues were about 60 percent lower than those of Apple's, and they have a bigger audience. Android users simply don't spend as much money as Apple's more freely-spending customers.) "How Windows was exploited in 2014" Early and often, I'd imagine. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 8 br208 on Jan 9, 2015 "I often think back on my experiences with early Commodore and Amiga computers, Atari, Mac, and other long-dead technologies." I read a story just the other day that would cause an unsophisticated observer to think that someone is still making Macs. But since I read this on the intenet I am taking that info with several grains of potassium chloride. Log In or Register to post comments guruguru on Jan 9, 2015 that's one massive apple tax. Log In or Register to post comments msand on Jan 10, 2015 Sorry, but that's the law of big numbers. The difference is that ios users are out there en masse while WP users are not there. 30% of nothing is... nothing. Microsoft also charges 30% for apps as well and in their infinite wisdom removed their only advantage - apps grossing more than $25k paid only 20% Microsoft tax. That is removed from January 1st 2015. Log In or Register to post comments Advertisement McGilli on Jan 10, 2015 Ha Apple tax again! That's awesome! It's funny in that I have never, ever seen people - let alone millions of people - happily pay 'tax'. Why don't we ever hear anti Apple 'tax' people talking about Mercedes tax, first class airline tax, Tag Heuer tax etc.... I think it's because obviously for millions and millions of people - you get some quality advantages when you pay more $. Hence, it's not tax. It's just quality spending. Log In or Register to post comments RickEveleigh on Jan 9, 2015 Google Compare is a price comparison site, they don't offer insurance here in the UK (yet). What we do need in the UK is a Price Comparison Site Comparison Site so you can work out which one is the best... Log In or Register to post comments ponsaelius on Jan 9, 2015 Bitcoin is 'funny money'. Well yes. Unless you count, Microsoft Points, Amazon Coins, airline points, loyalty cards, and anything else you can exchange for goods and services. You could also list funnier money being Zimbabwe dollars, Venezulean Bolviars and around 190 other world notes .... If you can exchange it for something easier than buying a gift card why not..... Log In or Register to post comments ymcpa73 on Jan 9, 2015 All those things you mentioned are not currency but are discount programs . That's how the IRS treats them. You buy goods at a store and they give you discount on future purchases from that company. If you accumulate enough discounts, you will receive something for free. It's just a means to encourage more purchases from the company. A currency can be used to exchange goods and services from any company because it is widely accepted. I personally find it easier to exchange using cash or a credit card than to use either gift cards or bitcoin. Log In or Register to post comments dustmagnet on Jan 9, 2015 I was proud of Microsoft's transparency on patches, especially this past year with many security problems on all platforms. I could point to them and say, "See, this is the mature way to handle issues." I find the new policy disappointing and baffling. Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles WinInfo Daily Update, January 5, 2007: WinInfo Short Takes WinInfo Daily Update, January 19, 2007: WinInfo Short Takes WinInfo Daily Update, January 5, 2007: WinInfo Short Takes WinInfo Daily Update, January 19, 2007: WinInfo Short Takes WinInfo Short Takes: Week of January 29 - 26 Jan 2007 27 Advertisement Join the Conversation Get answers to questions, share tips, and engage with the IT professional community at myITforum.  Are you a data center professional? Join AFCOM for the best data center insights. Looking to get things done in web development? Hot Scripts offers tens of thousands of scripts you can use. Database administrator? dBforums offers community insight on everything from ASP to Oracle, and get the latest news from Data Center Knowledge. Advertisement Advertisement WindowsITPro.com Windows Exchange Server SharePoint Virtualization Cloud Systems Management Site Features Contact Us Awards Community Sponsors Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search WindowsITPro.com Search: PISCES Related Sites Dev Pro SharePoint Pro SQL Server Pro SuperSite for Windows IT/Dev Connections myITforum Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Innovation Virtual Reality VR Qualcomm unveils wireless Snapdragon VR820 headset with eye-tracking tech The headset will serve as a reference design for other VR device makers. By Owen Hughes September 2, 2016 17:32 BST Qualcomm hopes to see the first headsets based on its design on the market by early next yearQualcomm Qualcomm has announced an ambitious new virtual reality headset powered by its Snapdragon 820 platform that it hopes will form the basis of VR headsets from other manufacturers. Called the Snapdragon VR820 and created in partnership with Chinese electronics firm Goertek, the self-contained device will be licensed to companies so they can build their own headsets using Qualcomm's tech. Much like Intel's Project Alloy and Alcatel's Vision headset, which was also announced at IFA this week, the Snapdragon VR820 is a standalone device that works independently from a smartphone or PC. The headset contains a custom 64-bit Kyro CPU and offers a pin-sharp resolution of 1440 x 1440 per eye, aping the 1080 x 1200 screens offered by the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive. It also uses Qualcomm's Adreno 530 GPU for "next-generation console-quality" graphics and boasts a refresh rate of 70Hz. What makes the headset unique, however, is that it uses eye-tracking to detect head movement and position, rather than external sensors: two cameras on the inside of the goggles pointed at the wearer's eyeballs and another two facing outwards, which will allow the headset to run augmented reality applications. This will be combined with the standard gyroscope and accelerometers to offer six degrees of movement tracking: up/down, left/right and forward/backward. The Snapdragon VR820 will be licensed out to manufacturing partners before the end of the year, with Qualcomm predicting, somewhat ambitiously, that the first headsets based on its design will be on the market by early 2017. The company hasn't name-dropped any partners yet, although one possibility is that Qualcomm plans to target its design toward manufacturers developing headsets for Google's Daydream platform. That said, the tech could theoretically be adopted by anyone, regardless of platform. Anthony Murray, senior vice president and general manager of Qualcomm's IoT division, said: "The Snapdragon VR820 integrates key technologies and features for an exceptional VR experience and provides a springboard for OEMs and developers to usher in the next generation of truly portable and untethered devices that we think are necessary for mass consumer adoption of VR." More tech news from IBTimes UK Mobile VR games and apps boosted by Qualcomm SDK for Snapdragon 820 devices Google might unveil Pixel phones, 4K Chromecast, Daydream VR headset on 4 October Samsung halts global sales and recalls Galaxy Note 7 after battery explosions Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Watch IBTimes UK try out PlayStation VR with Battlezone, Batman and more Columnists Laura Davis “What are the biggest challenges for women in 2017? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... IBTimes UK's top 10 best games of 2016 The IBTimes team looks back at their favourite games. Kissenger: The gadget that stimulates your long-distance lover when you kiss through your phone Researchers claim that the device provides a two-way interaction just... OnePlus 3T and 3 getting official Android 7.0 Nougat OTA update The update brings multi-window view and notification direct reply... Smart devices may soon provide UK police with evidence of crime – report Digital forensic evidence of crime scenes could be used by detectives... Video game preview 2017: Part 1 – Crackdown 3, Ghost Recon Wildlands, Tekken 7 and more The IBTimes UK gaming team kicks off its preview of the most exciting... WhatsApp might stop working for older Android, iPhones and Windows devices WhatsApp has extended support for some devices until 30 June, 2017. Booz Allen subcontracted firm leaked classified US military personnel data – Report The data breach reportedly exposed personal and sensitive data of... Russian hacking of US electricity grid turns out to be a fake news report The Washington Post, which published the report, has issued a note... Donald Trump says he will reveal 'things that other people don't know' about US election hacking Trump urges people to avoid using computers when dealing with... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,327 Reviews & Articles | 53,559 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: MSI GeForce 1050 GAMING X 2G Video Card (Give Feedback & Win!) TRENDING NOW: New Call of Duty Vietnam game teased by Sledgehammer Home Press Releases RAM G.SKILL announces DDR4-3866MHz 32GB (8GBx4) Trident Z memory kit Posted: Sep 2, 2016 4:13 pm | RAM Press Releases | Stock Ticker: TPE:2357, NASDAQ:INTC, KRX:005930 Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA G.SKILL International Enterprise Co., Ltd., the world's leading manufacturer of extreme performance memory and gaming peripherals, is announcing a new high-end Trident Z memory kit with the growing popularity of 32GB (8GBx4) capacity configuration at DDR4-3866MHz CL18-19-19-39 under 1.35V. Manufactured with the high performance Samsung IC memory chips and selected for its high frequency performance, this memory kit marks the continuous growth of high performance DDR4 on the popular Intel Skylake platform.     With the transition into higher capacity memory kits for gaming, work, and daily use, G.SKILL is raising the bar on DDR4 memory kits with 32GB (8GBx4) capacity, resulting in a jump from a previous DDR4-3600MHz speed to an astounding DDR4-3866MHz. See below for the test screenshot with the memory kit on an Intel Core i7-6600K processor and ASUS Z170-Deluxe motherboard.   Supporting XMP 2.0 for easy overclocking and setup, this high performance DDR4-3866MHz 32GB (8GBx4) kit will be available under the Trident Z series.   Recommended for You Corsair Releases Dominator Platinum Light Bar Upgrade... G.SKILL announces revolutionary RGB lighting DDR4... Transcend Intro 1 and 2GB DDR3 SO-DIMMs OCZ Intro DDR3 Intel Extreme Memory Related Tags G.SKILL Trident Z Trident Z RAM DDR4 RAM G.SKILL ASUS Intel Samsung Got an opinion? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Dell's new XPS 13 is a surprise 2-in-1 foldable tablet Nintendo Switch and Wii U third party partners compared Liberty City is coming to GTA V thanks to new mod CNN demonstrates Russian hacking with Fallout 3 pic Prey developer promises PC version is 'really flawless'View More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Amped Wireless Apollo Pro Long Range HD Camera Review Lost mac adress after downgrading bios from f20 to f8 z170x g7 Marvell-based PCIe SSD card (AHCI) not detected on Z77X-U5DH Asus K53SD black screen How do I print wirelessly with my wireless router + multiple computers?View More Forum Posts Press Releases Das Keyboard to demo the world's first cloud-connected keyboard at CES 2017 Samsung unveils CH711 curved quantum-dot monitor SK Hynix to construct a cutting-edge NAND flash FAB in Cheongju MSI and Phanteks launch new front USB 3.1 Type-C solutions ViewSonic reveals the VP2771 27-inch monitor with SuperClear IPS panelView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.

Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: The Vanguard Wellington Fund: 87 Years of Strong Performance The Vanguard Wellington Fund can bring a diversified, balanced investing approach to your portfolio. Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Sep 2, 2016 at 9:26AM Image source: Getty Images. The Vanguard Wellington Fund (NASDAQMUTFUND:VWELX) is the oldest balanced fund in the U.S., offering investors low-cost exposure to both stocks and bonds. The fund's investor shares have a track record of strong performance going all the way back to the Great Depression, and could be a good fit for a diversified, balanced portfolio. About the Wellington fund and its investment objectives The Vanguard Wellington Fund was formed in 1929, and invests about two-thirds of its assets in a diverse collection of stocks, with the other third in high-quality bonds. Most (but not all) of the stocks are dividend-paying, and are established companies that the fund's managers feel are undervalued. In a nutshell, the goal of the fund is to produce a well-diversified portfolio that can produce strong returns over time without a high level of risk. It's important to note that the Vanguard Wellington Fund is currently closed to new investors, except those who invest directly through a Vanguard brokerage account, according to the fund's latest prospectus on Vanguard's website. In other words, you can't just log onto any discount brokerage and buy shares of the fund. Current investments As of the latest available data, about 65.7% of the fund's assets are in stocks, 33.1% are in bonds, and 1.25% are in short-term reserves. There are 93 stocks in the fund's portfolio, and the 10 largest holdings are: Rank Stock Symbol 1 Wells Fargo WFC 2 Merck MRK 3 Microsoft MSFT 4 Comcast CMCSA 5 Alphabet GOOGL, GOOG 6 Chevron CVX 7 Intel INTC 8 JPMorgan Chase JPM 9 Verizon VZ 10 Chubb CB Source: Vanguard. How much does it cost? The Wellington Fund's investor shares have a relatively low 0.26% expense ratio, 69% lower than similar funds. Investors will need a minimum $3,000 investment to get started. It's also worth mentioning that for people who may have more money to invest, there are also Wellington Fund Admiral Shares (NASDAQMUTFUND: VWENX) that come with a lower 0.18% expense ratio, but require a higher minimum initial commitment of $50,000. These expense ratios may sound quite similar, but could make a pretty big difference over long time periods, so if you have more to invest, you may want to consider the Admiral Shares. Steady, strong performance The Vanguard Wellington Fund compares its performance to a benchmark consisting of 65% of the S&P 500's performance and 35% of the Barclays U.S. Credit A or Better Bond Index. Over recent time periods, here's how the fund compared to the performance of its benchmark indices: Time period Wellington Fund Return (%, annualized) Benchmark performance 1 Year 4.75% 5.59% 3 Year 8.30% 9.50% 5 Year 8.96% 9.73% 10 Year 7.40% 7.08%  Source: Vanguard. A few things to notice here. First, notice that the fund has underperformed its benchmark over the past five years. This is rather common for well-diversified funds during times when the market has performed exceptionally well -- as it has over the past five years. The long-term (10 year) performance is ahead of the benchmark index, which I tend to put more stock in since it includes the bull market of the recent years, but also includes the fund's performance during the financial crisis. Additionally, it's worth noting that the fund's annualized performance since its 1929 inception is 8.23% per year. The benchmark indices haven't existed that long, so there's no ideal basis for comparison, but the stock and bond markets have historically returned about 9.5% and 5%, respectively since the fund was created, which should theoretically translate to annualized returns of about 7.9%, based on the fund's current benchmark composition. So, it's fair to say that the fund has an impressive history of staying slightly ahead of its benchmark over nearly nine decades. And, while these returns may sound rather similar, consider that $1,000 invested in a 65/35 combination of stocks and bonds would have grown to $761,000 since 1929, while the same investment in the Wellington fund would have produced over $973,000. The point is that it's important not to ignore small performance differences, as they can make a big difference over time. Who should invest in the Wellington fund? One potential turnoff to some investors is the fund's bond exposure. For example, I tend to keep more than two-thirds of my portfolio in stocks, since I'm only 35 and have the time horizon to ride out the market's ups and downs. Having said that, the Wellington fund is great for investors who want to take a more balanced approach, or as a way to diversify an existing stock portfolio. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Matthew Frankel owns shares of Alphabet (C shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Verizon Communications, and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft. The Motley Fool recommends Chevron and Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage! Follow @TMFMathGuy Article Info Sep 2, 2016 at 9:26AM Investment Planning Stocks Vanguard Wellington Income Fund NASDAQMUTFUND:VWELX $39.06 down $0.05 (-0.13%) Read More How Under Armour Could Sprint Past Its Footwear Sales Goals 5 Cheapest Bank Stocks Right Now Best Cable Stocks of 2016 How to Choose the Right Mortgage Term 3 Tech Stocks to Buy in January Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool The Vanguard Wellington Fund: 87 Years of Strong Performance #stocks $VWELX
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Laptops Laptops News Micromax Neo LPQ61407W Windows 10 Laptop With 14-Inch Display Launched at Rs. 17,990  Tasneem Akolawala, 02 September 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights The laptop packs a 4800mAh battery It is powered by an Intel Pentium N3700 quad-core processor The Micromax Neo LPQ61407W is only available on Amazon India After the Alpha LI351, Micromax has now launched another Windows 10 laptop in India. The Neo LPQ61407W is exclusively available on Amazon India, and is priced at Rs. 17,990. As for the specifications, the Micromax Neo LPQ61407W features a 14-inch (1366x768 pixels) display. It is powered by a 1.6GHz Intel Pentium N3700 quad-core processor paired with 4GB of DDR3L RAM. The laptop comes with 500GB of hard disk drive (HDD), which is further expandable via a microSD slot. There is a 1-megapixel HD webcam, microphone jack, 3.5mm headphone out, and dual speakers for video calling. It comes in a Black colour option, and packs a 4800mAh battery. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0, one USB 3.0 port, two USB 2.0 ports, Micro-HDMI Port, and one RJ45 Ethernet port.The Micromax Neo LPQ61407W measures 237x341x21mm, and weighs 1.5kg. Micromax provides one year warranty to the buyer from date of purchase. Amazon is all offering EMI options for all major bank credit card holders. In July, Micromax introduced the Alpha and Ignite series of laptops in India. The first laptop to launch in the Ignite series was the Micromax Ignite LPQ61 priced at Rs. 18,990, and exclusively available on Flipkart. The first laptop in the Alpha series was the Alpha LI351 launched last month for Rs. 26,990. The Alpha laptop was also sold exclusively on Flipkart in India, and it came with a slightly larger 15.6-inch (1366x768 pixels) display. The Micromax Alpha LI351 packs a 1.6GHz fifth-generation Intel Core i3-5005U processor coupled with 6GB of LPDDR3 RAM. The laptop comes with an Intel HD Graphics 5500 integrated graphics, and 500GB of HDD storage (expandable up to 1TB). The laptop comes running Windows 10 and has a 4-cell battery that can last up to 4.7 hours. Tags: Micromax, Micromax Neo, Micromax Neo LPQ61407W, Micromax Neo LPQ61407W Features, Micromax Neo LPQ61407W Specifications, PC, Laptops, Micromax Neo India Launch, Micromax Neo Launch, Amazon India, Windows 10 Tasneem AkolawalaEmail Tasneem When not expelling tech wisdom, Tasneem feeds on good stories that strike on all those emotional chords. She loves road trips, a good laugh, and interesting people. ... More MirrorLink Car Smartphone Network Has Vulnerabilities, Claim Researchers Fujifilm Launches 6 New X-Series Cameras in India, Starting Rs. 48,499 Micromax Neo LPQ61407W Windows 10 Laptop With 14-Inch Display Launched at Rs. 17,990 MESSAGE Tasneem Akolawala Fields marked with * are mandatory From: *   Email:   Message: *   2000             Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Lyf Water 3 Swipe Konnect 4G Gionee M2017 Lyf F1S Karbonn Aura Note 4G Karbonn K9 Viraat 4G Karbonn Titanium Vista 4G Karbonn K9 Smart 4G Lyf Wind 7S LG Stylus 3 LG K3 (2017) LG K4 (2017) LG K8 (2017) LG K10 (2017) Zuk Edge Zen Cinemax Click Blu Life Max Popular OnePlus 3T iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Latest Videos 02:27 Best Games to Play When Alone at New Year's Eve 02:40 360 Daily: BHIM App Launched, Reliance Jio Justifies Happy New Year Offer, and More 02:33 360 Daily: Samsung Galaxy A (2017), Galaxy S8 Rumours, Xiaomi Mi 6 and More 02:42 Lenovo Yoga Book 2-in-1 Laptop Review 02:29 360 Daily: Coolpad Cool 1 Launched, Nokia Launching 5 Smartphones in 2017, and More More Videos» OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Rishi Alwani Why 2017 Might Just Be the Worst Year Ever for Gaming Akhil Arora 2016 Was a Terrible Year for Big Movies Rohan Naravane Hardware Issues Make Pixel Phones Feel Like Expensive Beta Products Advertisement Recent Lenovo P2 With 5100mAh Battery Set to Launch in India Soon Dell Launches XPS 13 2-in-1 With InfinityEdge Display Ahead of CES 2017 Reliance Jio's Happy New Year Offer Sets Daily High-Speed Data Cap at 1GB Beware! Viral WhatsApp Message Offering Free Recharge Is Fake Apple Partner Wistron Said to Seek Permission to Expand Bengaluru Plant Samsung Set to Bring Chromecast-Like Streaming Feature to Its Smart TVs Gionee Says Firm on Manufacturing Plans Post Demonetisation OnePlus 2 Users Start Receiving OxygenOS 3.5.6 Update With Network Fix WhatsApp No Longer Works on These iPhone and Android Smartphones Samsung Galaxy A (2017) Series Launched With Dust and Water Resistance More News TRENDING Reliance Jio's Happy New Year Offer Sets Daily High-Speed Data Cap at 1GB Lenovo P2 With 5100mAh Battery Set to Launch in India Soon Samsung Galaxy A (2017) Series Launched With Dust and Water Resistance OnePlus 3, OnePlus 3T Finally Get Android 7.0 Nougat Update BHIM Most Popular Android App Now in India: 10 Developments Sherlock Season 4 Premiere Fails to Look Beyond Its Lead Detective WhatsApp No Longer Works on These iPhone and Android Smartphones OnePlus 2 Users Start Receiving OxygenOS 3.5.6 Update With Network Fix BSNL Unveils Plan With Unlimited Voice Calls to Any Network at Rs. 144 Lenovo K6 Note Review Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.

TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Laptops/Gallery Laptops Razer announces upgrades to Blade and Blade Stealth By Brandon Russell | September 2, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo In January, Razer made a big move into the ultrabook market with the Blade Stealth, a powerful workhorse that had both beauty and brains. Now, months after the Blade Stealth was introduced, Razer is back with a major update. If you’re looking to buy a laptop before you go back to school, the new Blade Stealth might be the one to beat. Let me say upfront that everything you liked about the first model is returning, including the gorgeous design and individually backlit keyboard, which is powered by Razer Chroma. All the stuff you had issues with? Razer said it listened to fans and made the appropriate changes. There will be five different options, depending on factors such as RAM, storage and screen resolution, with prices ranging from $999 up to $1,799. The cheapest model will come with a QHD screen, seventh generation Intel Core i7 chip, and 8GB of RAM; the other models will sport 16GB of RAM, doubling the original Stealth Blade. Both the $1,399 and $1,599 iterations essentially have the same specs (RAM, storage, process) but differ in price due to screen resolution—if you want a 4K display, you have to pay. Below are specs for the $1,799 model; all of the five options are largely the same save for screen resolution and storage space; the cheapest model also has 8GB of RAM, whereas the other four have 16GB of RAM. Price: $1,799 Color: Black Display: 4K (3840 x 2160) Storage: 1TB Memory: 16GB Processor: 7th Gen Intel Core i7-7500U (2.5 GHZ / 3.5 GHz) Graphics: Intel HD Graphics 620 In addition, Razer is also upgrading the Blade, its larger, more powerful gaming-focused laptop. The design and overall size is still the same, but the guts have been upgraded, as has the screen. The latest model, it’s worth noting, still sports Intel sixth generation Core i7 processor. Perhaps the biggest upgrade—or downgrade, depending on your view—is a new 14-inch Full HD matte option, which Razer said was highly requested by users. Below are the specs for the top of the line model with 14-inch Full HD matte display; you can also purchase the model with a 14-inch QHD screen. Price: $2,399 Color: Black Display: 14-inch Full HD matte Storage: 1TB Memory: 16GB Processor: 6th Gen Intel Core i7-6700HQ (2.6 GHz / 3.5 GHz) Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 The Razer Blade has gone on to become one of the company’s most beloved laptops, and the latest update offers the best balance of power, design and price. The Razer Blade Stealth is available now, while pre-orders have been opened up for the more powerful Blade, which is expected to begin shipping in October. Topics #Razer #Razer Blade #Razer Blade Stealth Brandon Russell Follow Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Recent Posts The Shark Tank-backed IllumiBowl is the toilet light you didn’t know you needed Netflix: 10 great movies you should watch right now Infiniti QX50 unveiled as new autonomous SUV concept Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People Next Generation Leaders American Voices The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2016 Top of the World Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Tech MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Rebecca Ferguson Says She Will Perform at Donald Trump’s Inauguration on One Condition 50 Years Ago This Week: How Young People Changed the World Ariana Grande Will Be in a Final Fantasy Mobile Game Rogue One Tops the New Year’s Box Office Watch the New Teaser Trailer for Fifty Shades Darker Mariah Carey and 5 of the Most Awkward Lip Sync Snafus Protesters Climb Rafters at Vikings Game and Drop Banner Against Dakota Access Pipeline Lauren Conrad Announces She’s Pregnant With Her First Child Someone Changed the Iconic Hollywood Sign to Say ‘Hollyweed’ Mariah Carey’s New Year’s Eve Performance Was Plagued by Technical Difficulties TIME Tech the big picture How Virtual Reality Could Change Computers As You Know Them Tim Bajarin @bajarin Aug. 30, 2016 SHARE Martin Gee for TIME PC makers are experimenting with so-called "virtual PCs" Among the hottest trends in technology these days are virtual reality, or VR, and its cousin, augmented reality, or AR. VR devices like the Oculus Rift give wearers the illusion of being in an entirely digital universe, whereas AR gadgets like Microsoft’s HoloLens overlay computer graphics on the wearer’s physical environment. The latest development in this exciting space is the acceleration of “virtual personal computing,” in which the entire PC experience is based around VR or AR. Instead of interacting with a computer or smartphone via a mouse, keyboard or touch inputs, virtual personal computing calls for doing so with your voice, hand gestures or a digital keyboard you might only see while wearing special goggles. One example of this concept is Intel’s Project Alloy, which packs a PC’s worth of components into a headset that can be used as a virtual computer. The idea is that instead of carrying a laptop or tablet, your glasses might deliver the PC experience virtually instead. Just put on some goggles, and a digital keyboard and mouse would appear in front of you, allowing you to write documents or enter data. (Voice recognition could make this even easier.) If you have used any recently released VR or AR technology, you know they can be useful for playing games or more productive tasks, like previewing a house you might like to buy. But using them to create a virtual PC for real productivity could be transformational, opening the door to new, difficult to predict modes of computing. For most of us, the only computing setup we have known is a PC that includes a monitor, keyboard and mouse. We cut our computing teeth on this model, and while the PC designs of the past have morphed into jazzy all-in-ones and ultra-thin laptops and tablets, the basic concept of using a physical or real screen, keyboard and mouse or trackpad is still the same. From what I can see coming from those pushing the AR/VR computing experience, they’ll bring something real to the table within the next three years. However, this raises an interesting question for those of us who have only used a traditional PC for most of our lives: Could we actually make the switch and have a virtual PC replace our “real” computers? That may be an easier leap for younger users, who have shown time and time again they’re willing to leap to new and seemingly strange technologies if they find some value there. But I wonder if us computing veterans will be able to accept, adapt and embrace virtual PCs. There’s no doubt in my mind that VR and AR will allow for better video games and power interesting new communications platforms. And virtual PCs may indeed be the next generation’s first introduction to computers. But that shift, as with any profound change, will certainly take some time. Tim Bajarin is recognized as one of the leading industry consultants, analysts and futurists, covering the field of personal computers and consumer technology. Mr. Bajarin is the President of Creative Strategies, Inc and has been with the company since 1981 where he has served as a consultant providing analysis to most of the leading hardware and software vendors in the industry. Tap to read full story Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
null
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Countdown to 2017 with HEXUS and ARM [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Systems System Builders News 8 HP Elite Slice compact modular PC announced at IFA by Mark Tyson on 2 September 2016, 12:46 Tags: Hewlett Packard (NYSE:HPQ) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac6hw Add to My Vault: HP is at IFA 2016 and has used the show to debut two interesting new desktop PCs. A compact new modular PC has been designed by HP, in the shape of the HP Elite Slice. Then for those who can accommodate larger and more powerful desktops there's the rounded triangular and fabric-covered HP Pavilion Wave desktop. HP Elite Slice The HP Elite Slice is the firm's smallest desktop. However, thanks to modularity it offers some purposeful expansion options. When you buy the HP Elite Slice you will get certain base performance specs, the modularity doesn't extend to things like CPU, or graphics, for example. HP is selling the Elite Slice with a choice of 6th generation Intel Core Processor (up to 35W), up to 32GB DDR4 RAM, and various storage options. The modules on offer are as follows: HP ODD Module, for back up and so on HP Audio Module, with tuned Bang & Olufsen sound plus 360-degree speaker design and dual-microphone array HP Wireless Charging Cover HP Collaboration Cover, with capacitive touch keys for controlling Skype calls and so on For peripheral support the machine is equipped with two USB 3.1 Type-C, two USB 2.0, DisplayPort and HDMI ports, Ethernet, audio I/O jacks, plus optional dual-mics and a fingerprint sensor. HP recommends you streamline your workspace with the Elite Slice connecting to a 23.8-inch diagonal Quad HD HP EliteDisplay S240uj monitor that powers the HP Elite Slice through a single cable via the USB-C connection. So there's only a single wire required if you use a wireless keyboard / mouse combo. The HP Elite Slice is priced from $699 and will begin to become available later this month.   HP Pavilion Wave The HP Pavilion Wave offers "an exciting new design" covered by fabric inspired by my 1970s high school jumper*. Apparently the fabric was chosen to allow for broad-spectrum audio transmission. Like the Elite Slice, HP allows customers to configure this system with a choice of 6th generation Intel Core Processor, you can also select up to 16GB of RAM, and various storage options up to an 128GB SSD with 2TB HDD. For graphical grunt you can spec up to an AMD R9 470M graphics card. Inside the rounded triangular chassis is a custom motherboard, cooled by an upwards facing fan helping air circulate over the copper heat pipes, past the cooling fins. Peripheral support is via three USB 3.0 ports, one USB 3.1 Type-C port for data transfer, one HDMI port, one DisplayPort, a Gigabit Ethernet port, and a microphone/headphone jack. Cortana conversations, VOIP and so on benefits from the dual-microphones. HP suggests this machine is a powerful general purpose PC and a good choice for an entertainment centre. The speakers integrated in the space-saving design are designed to "project sound for incredible clarity at any angle". It includes audio by B&O PLAY. Dual monitor setups are supported for up to 2x QHD displays (or a single 4K display). The HP Pavilion Wave is priced from $549 and will become available from 23rd September. Related Reading 7 Gigabyte BRIX Gaming GT desktop introduced Packs a Core i7-6700K, and your choice of GTX 1070/1080, in a 10 litre chassis. 15 Day 16: Win a Zotac Zbox and Pimax VR Core i5, GTX 1060 and a 4K UHD VR headset! 9 AMD publishes nine Ryzen CPU feature and demo videos Provides easy reference to all the key demos and benchmarks from the New Horizon event. Day 3: Win a SoftIron OverDrive 1000 Microsoft enjoys "best month ever" for Surface sales Gaming monitor market to get more competitive next year HPE demonstrates Memory-Driven Computing prototype HP Z2 Mini Workstation revealed at Autodesk University event HEXUS Forums :: 8 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by Nifl - Fri 02 Sep 2016 13:20 They look rather nice. But only a R9 470M? Wouldn't a Polaris GPU have made more sense for this scenario? Posted by ChewieJ - Fri 02 Sep 2016 13:51 Nifl They look rather nice. But only a R9 470M? Wouldn't a Polaris GPU have made more sense for this scenario? Its a home pc, not a high end one. Same idea as the one that MSI came out with recently but smaller overall size due to having a built in single speaker instead of a fan to help cool it. Posted by quantasm - Fri 02 Sep 2016 14:03 “two USB 3.1 Type-C, two USB 2.0” - it's a bit cheap(and silly) having USB2.0 instead of USB3.0. Why no standard 3.0 ports? Posted by Kato-2 - Fri 02 Sep 2016 16:21 Very nice designs, good to see some PC makers still make an effort, hopefully it pays off. They really should be sticking Thunderbolt 3 ports on those, they are the same as USB 3.1 and it at least leaves owners an option if they want to turn towards pc games. Posted by quantasm - Fri 02 Sep 2016 19:38 Also, where are the cables on the promo images? Seems like it's being advertised as a clutter free and clean solution but the ports available would mean additional adaptors and hubs to work with current hardware. SEE NEWER » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to beyond 7GHz 9 2 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 3 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 4 Cryptic rumour points to air cooled AMD Ryzen hitting 5GHz 9 5 Taiwanese motherboard makers optimistic about AMD Ryzen 6 1 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 2 Day 13: Win an iiyama G-Master 4K monitor 19 3 Festive greetings from all at HEXUS 19 4 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 5 Day 16: Win a Zotac Zbox and Pimax VR 15 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Aerocool Targets Gamers and RGB Enthusiasts at CES 2017 2 Samsung introduces the stylish, powerful and practical Galaxy A 3 Experience 10 Years of ZOTAC Design and Engineering Excellence at CES 2017 4 Thecus launches two new Windows Storage Server Rackmount NAS 5 PQI into Fingerprint ID Application Market 6 Samsung to Introduce New Quantum Dot Curved Monitor at CES 2017 INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,942 Forum posts: 2,563,248 Forum threads: 247,030 Currently active users: 286 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
null
null
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Tuesday, January 03, 2017 As of 1:33 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Business The next kingdom of online entrepreneurship will be built in the cloud By Vittorio Hernandez @vitthernandez on September 02 2016 9:16 PM 0 0 0 0 A worker arranges a logo of a cloud computing company at the CeBIT trade fair, the world's biggest computer and software fair, in Hannover March 13, 2016. Reuters/Nigel Treblin If content remains the king who will attract millions of users into the Internet, then the realm on which the more business-minded of this growing online population will be the cloud. The typical cell device owner usually equates cloud technology as a convenient tool for file storage or social media monitoring, but the platform is actually more vital than that. As The New York Times pointed out, companies like Google and Facebook were birthed on the cloud, before discovering a way to make money through online advertising. Social media sites and e-commerce sites house their tons of data in the cloud. The same article also said that even large companies like Intel are reducing cost by doing transactions through the cloud and dispensing with the need to buy more costly infrastructure. Increasingly, more business start-ups are creating a solid foundation through that technology instead of just making it just one of their handy operational accessories. Daze Info says that the revenue for the cloud computing market will increase to US$127 billion (A$169 billion) by 2018. Dropbox, with a value of US$15 billion (A$19.9 billion), is the leader in 300 companies that are providing cloud services. Amazon’s cloud-based Amazon Web Services doubled its earnings the past two years. Cloud software startups have been attracting the eyes of major investors in recent years. According to the Business Insider , the biggest acquisitions were SuccessFactors, bought by SAP for US$3.4 billion (A$4.5 billion) in 2012; Yammer, purchased by Microsoft for US$1.2 billion (A$1.6 billion), also in 2012; and ExactTarget, bought by Salesforce for US$2.5 billion (A$3.3 billion) in 2012. Internet giant Google is also on the prowl to look for cloud-based startups that it can nurture and build into the powerhouses of the future; Beebop is its latest software startup acquisition. Cloud tech is booming because their market of business owners is increasing and are beginning to see the value of the tech in their respective enterprises. Rapidscale attributes this spectacular and rising growth to the fact that more than 90 percent of business owners who tried cloud services said the technology actually helped to drive their business. Virtual enterprises “The business landscape will be more and more internet-based,” says Gil Amelio, president of rising new tech company 5BARz International (OTCQB: BARZ) . “Management, document analysis, meetings, data gathering and storage, and communication - almost everything will have a cloud component. Connectivity makes this possible. Because cloud tech has to be available and functioning 24 hours a day, seven days a week, internet connectivity must be similarly available. Businesses simply cannot afford ‘internet blackouts’ or the sudden absence of connectivity.” The 5BARz network extender has proven to be an invaluable tool that guarantees constant connectivity to businesses, from the multinationals to the startups. This portable plug-and-play device can increase faltering cellular device signals within a 4,000-metre radius to a maximum five-bar level. Traveling professionals have used it to power their devices while in international conferences, creative meetings in distant towns, and in transit riding on vehicles. Startups in the United Arab Emirates are among the first to capitalise on constant connectivity and the cloud to practically run their operations while reaching out to customers all over the world. In the National article, one UAE startup, TeachMeNow, uses the cloud as a platform to connect freelance teachers from various countries with students who want to learn a vast range of subjects, from Arabic to chemistry. TeachMeNow gets a cut from every payment that each teacher gets from their student. Founder Thea Myhrvold says that the cloud saved them thousands of dollars that they would have used in costly hardware. Microsoft sensed the UAE startups affinity for all things cloud and soon gave them and other new companies free access to their cloud through their BizSpark programme. According to Trade Arabia , this cost-free access to cloud technology has helped small businesses in the Middle East grow quickly and scale to a degree beyond what their finances would have allowed. Data stored in the cloud helps the leaders monitor market behaviour, access and share information, and help employees work as a virtual team. Microsoft’s BizSpark programme is currently helping 90,000 startups all over the world. Many of them can be found in India, likewise availing of Microsoft’s advocacy to help new businesses find surer footing through cloud technology. Microsoft India Enterprise leader Peter Gartenberg tells Tech2 that cloud access has been helping Indian companies mitigate cost while laying the groundwork for more innovative products. Aside from startups, banks and financial institutions, hospitals, media companies, e-commerce companies, telecoms, and even government departments are migrating to the cloud. The Indian cloud market has been valued at more than US$700 million (A$927.8 million). The cloud may yet turn out to be that castle in the sky that can unlock the dreams of many business owners, startup founders and seasoned veterans alike. Constant connectivity will be the wind that will make it fly. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Study: Only 14% of Aussie SMEs into Cloud Computing Cloud Accounting Australia Estimates $625B Savings for Business Over 5 Years 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 2017 world predictions: Australia to expand global operations role 0 Shares 2 ‘The Bold and the Beautiful’ Spoilers for Dec 26 – 30, 2016: Liam and Wyatt argue over who’s better for Steffy’s career; Ivy walks in on Ridge and Quinn; show announces casting call 0 Shares 3 ‘The Bold And The Beautiful’ spoilers for Dec. 29: Steffy leaves Liam's home; Ivy witnesses hot and steamy encounter between Ridge and Quinn 0 Shares 4 Chinese New Year 2017: Ways to avoid bad luck 0 Shares 5 'Days Of Our Lives' spoilers for Dec. 27: Two Salemites conspire to expose the truth; an embattled woman makes a bold move 0 Shares 6 Nostradamus 2017 predictions: How the world will fare next year 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ season 3 finale episode being written 0 Shares 8 Vikings’ season 4 episode 16: ‘I’m not returning,’ says Travis Fimmel 0 Shares 9 ‘Vikings’ season 4 episode 16 spoilers 0 Shares 10 ‘Winds of Winter’: Fan’s take on delay 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Nokia and Apple trade lawsuits Germany's new law requires Facebook to pay $715,000 fine Apple tax evasion update: Apple, Ireland to appeal EU tax ruling Nurofen fined $6 million: Reckitt Benckiser considering position with legal advisers Woolworths to sell petrol sites to BP for $1.8M Woolworths' Supplier Connect to roll out in 2017 More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance EgyptAir Flight 804: Traces of explosives suggest bomb caused Egypt air crash NSW Rural Fire service warns extreme bushfire in NSW and ACT Train services resumed after man killed by Melbourne city loop train Man punches kangaroo in defends dog Anticyclonic gloom in Victoria Australian Christian Lobby in Canberra hit by reported car bomb More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Golden State Warriors vs Dallas Mavericks live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Los Angeles Lakers vs Dallas Mavericks live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Ronda Rousey looks better than ever before UFC 207 [PHOTOS] Portland Trail Blazers looking to make a major trade before deadline Golden State Warriors vs Denver Nuggets live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time UFC 207 Ronda Rousey vs Amanda Nunes live stream: How to order PPV, watch online More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Foxconn undertaking mass automation drive, replacing humans with robots Tesla accelerates Model 3 production HTC debunks Vive 2 wireless and 4K VR headset launch at CES 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 could be released in first quarter of 2017 Nintendo Switch release date update Samsung Galaxy S8 changes discussed More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design Celebrity Couples who didn't have a good year in 2016 'General Hospital' spoilers for Jan. 3, 2016: Alexis confronts Julian; Sonny and Carly reunite; Liz reveals her worries ‘Sherlock’ season 4 episode 1 recap/spoilers: ‘The Six Thatchers’ ends in heartbreak with character death, hope with a third Holmes brother ‘Brooklyn Nine-Nine’ season 4, episodes 11 and 12 spoilers, recap: ‘The Fugitive’ Pt. 1 and 2 'American Gods' season 1 spoilers: New character not in book appears in series [Watch Trailer] 'The Vampire Diaries' stars Ian Somerhalder, Nikki Reed developing new sci-fi TV series for The CW More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Win tickets to Inspirefest 2017 – and an added surprise Last few super early bird tickets available for Inspirefest 2017 Hazel Moore: Banks are completely wasting valuable customer data The danger of pushing design decisions downstream Q&A: Northern Ireland at the crossroads in renewable energy Behind the scenes with the most active investor in the UK green economy Google releasing two Android Wear devices in coming months Twitter management drained in 2016, as 60pc leave their role Accenture Q1 profits surge as high-growth areas shine Facebook data requests from governments jumped 27pc in 2016 Value of all bitcoins in circulation soars to $14bn Congress group agrees with Apple: Encryption back doors are a security threat Data politics and the internet of things EU: Snooper’s Charter ‘not justified in democratic society’ Microsoft wins $927m tech support deal with US military Infosec expert, blockchain entrepreneur and more added to Inspirefest line-up €2.2m scheme to bring 26,000 Irish citizens into the digital world Canada declares 50Mbps high-speed broadband a basic service for all citizens Cork broadband player Nova plans a ‘Munster’ 2,000pc expansion in Ireland North-South interconnector gets An Bord Pleanála go ahead Ireland to be first country in Europe to roll out 5G geographically Cuba to allow internet access at home for the first time Start-up of the week: Flender Nasdaq Europe calling: IPOs are closer to home than start-ups realise Teamwork’s Daniel Mackey: Coding Cork’s digital culture Sugru secures £4m in funding for international expansion 30 Irish tech start-ups to watch in 2017 Tyrone start-up Waste Systems raises €1.2m investment to go global ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One Only research that connects with real people can make a difference 12 facts you didn’t know about Christmas ESA releases stunning image of Chinese mountain range New Ebola vaccine provides 100pc protection against virus Women secured more than half of SFI ‘Starting Investigator’ grants in 2016 Green light given as 1km solar panel road opens in Normandy Graphene found to transport huge currents on the nano scale Latest report suggests IoT devices will number 46bn by 2021 Drone driving tests: New drone safety rules proposed in the UK Zuckerberg: AI is both closer than we think, and really far away Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer had very strong antlers Tyndall develops ‘smart knee’ to accelerate surgery recovery How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS How much money will your degree get you? Irish professionals choosing UK, with Brazilians filling the gaps Not all generations point to tech in the workplace 7 jobs robots will steal from us in the future 8 questions you need to ask yourself about relocating Ireland has one of the worst gender gaps in the EU To succeed in tech, ‘recognise and honour your uniqueness’ How to become the perfect UX designer How to hide your job search from your employer How to upskill easily without doing a course How to answer the toughest interview questions Want to be an IT contractor? Ask yourself these questions first Video game developer Brianna Wu plans to run for US Congress Designing a runway revolution: ‘To go viral, you need a virus’ 10 Twitter influencers you need to follow for expert career advice 30 incredible Irish people leading a European invasion European Digital Girl of the Year winners revealed Life is a story, so how will you tell yours? 10 of the most ridiculous job titles that really exist Risk takers in high demand at Aon’s Centre for Innovation and Analytics What is ‘Refer Me Please’? Incredible 20,160 jobs announced in Ireland this year 2,140 new jobs for Ulster in stellar 2016 Munster nets 5,494 jobs in 2016, with big wins for Cork and Limerick ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Deaths in 2016 dominated Wikipedia’s top 10 list of edits this year Twitter tweaks tweets: Search results to be displayed by relevance Facebook will now notify you when it thinks you’re looking at fake news Facebook creates Parents Portal to help keep children safe online 2016 Google Year in Search: What did Ireland search this year? ISPCC warning: ‘Cyber safety is the child protection issue of our time’ Tesla reveals where its first Irish charging point will be AirPods arrive on the Apple Store for €179 Skype Translator can now call mobiles and landlines All screen, no filler: Samsung Galaxy S8 may look radically different Android app updates to get smaller, saving space on your phone Android Pay pips past Apple Pay to launch in Ireland first 15 fantastic shows to binge on over the holidays Social saves the radio star: Facebook reveals Live Audio platform Facebook Messenger reveals group video with Snapchat-like selfie filters New ears’ resolution: 10 of the best podcasts to listen to in 2017 Radio Garden: Discover a whole world of audio Amazon Prime finally challenges Netflix with Irish release ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all Trump, Enda, Brady and Bowie dominate Facebook in 2016 Adele and Conor McGregor star in top trending videos of 2016 ALL Marketing’s greatest trick is embracing storytelling Want to work in tech? Hack your career with Code First: Girls Start-ups showcase creations at IndieBio EU 2016 demo day Helixworks is the first start-up to offer DNA data storage on Amazon Maureen Taylor on why simplifying communication doesn’t mean dumbing down Tyndall Technology Days 2016: Powering the Future Internet ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT All Advice People Employers Jobs Advice A new study shows ‘trivial’ incentives like free pizza can work better than cash when motivating staff Pay us in pizza! How a few slices can motivate an entire team by Gordon Hunt 2 Sep 201666 Shares What actually motivates your staff? A slice of pizza and a thank you, not some extra cash. That’s according to a new, novel piece of research. Faced with the option of a bit of extra cash, a pat on the back or some pizza, what would make you work harder? If you’re anything like those tested at Intel, then some pizza and a compliment are the clear winners. An experiment at the company’s Israeli facility saw staff divided into four groups. Each group received either the promise of cash, a compliment, pizza or nothing at all for increased productivity. A slice of success As reported by New York Magazine, said test produced some surprising results. From day one, pizza led as the best motivator, with those offered cash (the equivalent of around €30) performing the worst. Productivity initially increased 6.7pc for the pizza lovers, with those looking for recognition up by 6.6pc and the cash-hungry only improving by 4.9pc. From there, the margins widened, with those expecting money as a reward performing 13.2pc worse on one of the days than those promised nothing whatsoever. By the end of the test, the pizza and compliment groups had gradually reverted to productivity levels closer to those offered nothing at all, though both promises still acted as effective motivators. Those who would be receiving cash performed 6.5pc below their usual standards. The study, detailed in Dan Ariely’s Payoff: The Hidden Logic That Shapes Our Motivations, may be trivial, but it reveals much about what we perceive to be important carrots in the workplace. Mo’ money, mo’ problems Similar results emerged in a 2009 study undertaken by the London School of Economics and Political Science, which looked at dozens of experimental studies. “We find that financial incentives may indeed reduce intrinsic motivation and diminish ethical or other reasons for complying with workplace social norms such as fairness,” said Bernd Irlenbusch at the time. “As a consequence, the provision of incentives can result in a negative impact on overall performance.” Hiring Now Join us to create the technology of tomorrow Excellence in research for innovation and analytics One of Europe’s best IT workplaces Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share It’s not just performance that’s a worry. Keeping staff tuned in is also the best way to keep staff in general. Speaking at Inspirefest earlier this year, the founder of Hatch Analytics, Monica Parker detailed how best to create a motivated workforce. In a Hatch Analytics survey of 40,000 workers, it emerged that a sense of purpose was key. “94pc of the 40,000 people we asked said the more meaning their job has means the more likely they are to be engaged,” she said. Staying the course Releasing some control into the hands of staff, allowing quiet time for reflection and encouraging employees to develop real friendships with each other are three key ways companies can build a motivated workforce, too. “If you let go of the reigns, you will have a healthier business and healthier humans who work in the business,” she said. “If you have a best work friend, you will stay in the job.” A recent survey conducted by Aon found that more than half of workers are open to leaving their current job. The survey was conducted by Aon’s recruitment and retirement business, Aon Hewitt, among 2,000 US employees, with the aim of discovering what life is like in the modern workplace. 52pc of those surveyed have at least one eye on the job market for a potential move. Of that number 44pc are actively searching. Looking for jobs in tech or science? Check out our Employer Profiles for information on companies hiring right now. Main pizza image via Shutterstock Tweet Share Email Share More Share Pin This Reddit Related: working life, Aon, Intel, employers By Gordon Hunt Gordon joined Silicon Republic in October 2014 as a journalist. Unafraid of heights or spiders, Gordon spends most of his time avoiding conversations about music, appreciating even the least creative pun and rueing the day he panicked when meeting Paul McGrath. His favourite thing on the internet remains the ‘Random Article’ link on Wikipedia. Make sure you never miss an opportunity Follow us and stay informed! More from careers Is Google ditching modular smartphone plan Project Ara? Coca-Cola creates 25 Mayo jobs to put fizz into internet of things Vodafone network in Ireland hit by outage – services are returning Disaster strikes SpaceX rocket, Facebook’s satellite destroyed Loading Read More Loading now, one moment please! Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
null
null
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Accessories Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel Storage GPUs SSDs Motherboards CPUs NVIDIA Mobile Systems Home> Accessories Razer Announces Availability Of The Stargazer Webcam And ManOWar 7.1 Headphones At IFA by Brett Howse on September 2, 2016 4:00 AM EST Posted in Accessories Razer 12 Comments | Add A Comment 12 Comments + Add A Comment Just a couple of quick announcements from Razer at IFA. First off is the Razer Stargazer webcam finally has a launch date, after initially missing it’s Q2 2016 window. The Stargazer webcam was originally announced at CES and for a full breakdown on the camera, check out our initial post here. As a brief summary, it’s an Intel RealSense 3D webcam which offers Windows Hello support for facial recognition based login, and it targets game streamers with the ability to use the RealSense 3D to remove the background from an image and only overlay the person into the game stream. It also supports 1080p at 30fps as well as 720p at 60fps, which is higher than many webcams if you want to do a 60fps stream. Razer has also dropped the price from the original $199 MSRP to $149. Pre-orders are up now, and shipping will be October 2nd. They’ve also updated their ManO’War headset with the latest ManO’War 7.1 model. It features 50 mm drivers for virtual 7.1 surround, and offers sound isolation and in-line volume controls. It has a retractable MEMS boom mic, and an included USB digital-to-analog converter for the PC and Mac, or a standard 3.5mm audio jack for compatibility with Xbox, PlayStation, or any other device. It will retail for $119.99 with pre-orders now, and shipping in October as well. Source: Razer Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 12 Comments View All Comments p1esk - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link What the hell is this? 1080@30? How about 4k@60? Or at least gimme 1080@120. And yes, I do have the necessary bandwidth. Reply Cygni - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link It's meant to compete with the dominant webcam, the Logitech C920, which does 1080p at 30fps. These are webcams. The Razer costs $150. There isn't a single $150 4k/60fps camera on the market. Also, we are all ever so impressed by your bandwidth, but uncompressed 4k 60fps video is nearly 711MB (big B) per second. Don't think you've got that kinda bandwidth upstream. Even lossy compressed 4k 60fps video is yuge, and if you are doing that much compression, why are you even shooting in 4k/60... in fact why are you streaming at 4k/60 on a webcam anyway? Reply p1esk - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link According to Netflix, I need to have 25Mbps to stream 4k movies. Assuming that's 25 fps, 60 fps would need 60Mbps. Now, video chat is much more compressible than movies (because the picture does not change much), so in reality I would need much less than 60Mbps for 4k@60 video chat. And guess what? I just did my internet bandwidth test: 391Mbps down, 124Mbps up. So yeah, I got plenty for 4k@60 stream. Reply hpglow - Monday, September 05, 2016 - link Your so cool. will you touch your own weiner for us. Reply Sivar - Tuesday, September 06, 2016 - link Your behavior is of an insecure 14-yr-old. I say this to inform you, not to deride you. I suggest you observe better manners. With that said, your comment expresses an incomplete understanding of video technology. Netflix uses well-tuned, precompressed HEVC video for 4K. No PC can encode HEVC in realtime in high quality at low bandwidth. Even a 10-core Broadwell-E cannot realtime encode with settings that would give you good quality at their bit rates, so a webcam, with its limited hardware, would of course have a much harder time. Now it is entirely possible to stream realtime 4K at fairly poor quality but low bitrates using dedicated encoding hardware, but such hardware is expensive and not in high demand. Why would 4K matter on a webcam -- a device usually used to check when the kids get home, verify the hours claimed by the cleaning crew, or record burglaries? Reply JoeyJoJo123 - Wednesday, September 07, 2016 - link So that p1esk can "zoom and enhance" to 1024x magnification on the burglar's license plate, and then keep zooming and enhancing so he can read the dna pairs on the burglar that's escaped. That's how 4k works, right? Reply knutinh - Saturday, September 10, 2016 - link In all fairness, broadcast and "broadcast" are different beasts compared to point to point communications. While someone like Netflix can afford to use the very best encoder implementations out there, they have to encode one or a few streams offline for a million customers. This means that the stream must be resilient against poor network and poor customer capabilities. Customers must be able to fastforward in the video. A web camera working in a point to point scenario will have to worry about encoder cost. But unlike netflix, they only need to worry about a single, linear user. And the encoder can adjust to network conditions on the fly. Finally, the progress of video coding standards is such that by simply going for the next-newest standard, processing cost and chip availability is significantly improved, while bitrate required for a given quality may increase by, say, 2x. While a web cam can be used for surveilance, that is hardly the only usage. Nor the main usage in my view. Reply JoeyJoJo123 - Tuesday, September 06, 2016 - link No 4K/60fps yet, but we are getting close; Action Cams such as the Xiaomi Yi 2 do 4K/30fps and 1080p/120fps and are $250 right now. With a capture card, particularly if it supports it is possible to use action cams (with A/V out) as "webcams", assuming the capture card has "DirectShow" drivers, which allows it to be selectable as a video-in source in programs such as Skype, like other USB webcams. Reply JoeyJoJo123 - Tuesday, September 06, 2016 - link Correction: No 4K/60fps at $150* yet. Reply ddriver - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link They sure activated my hilarity unit with pimping the "no green screen needed background removal through intel's AMAZING realsense technology" BS while showing off the practically pathetic and laughable results. Seems like "realsense" will be even more unimpressive than I anticipated. More like "real non-sense". Not only does it ALMOST manage to remove the background, but it also manages to remove the actual person, but as a compensation, leaves behind fugly artifacts. Job well done! Reply 1 2 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News GIGABYTE's New Console: The 'Gaming GT' PC Launched with Core i7-K, GTX1080, TB3 ZOTAC Announces GeForce GTX 1080 for Mini-ITX PCs Oculus VR Acquires The Eye Tribe, Developer of Eye Tracking Technologies Thermaltake Adds RGB Lighting to Toughpower Grand Gold PSUs PNY Launches CS2030 SSDs: Phison PS5007-E7, MLC NAND, 2.8 GB/s Sharkoon Launches Rapid-Case USB 3.1 Type-C Storage Device DIY Kit South Korea Fines Qualcomm $865 Million for Anti-Trust Violations Kaby Lake Systems With Intel Optane SSDs Coming Soon Lenovo Updates The ThinkPad Lineup: New Models, Welcome Changes Lenovo Launches New ThinkPad Accessories: Docking And Displays Dell Readies New XPS 15: 4K, Quad-Core Kaby Lake, GeForce GTX 1050 Plextor to Demo Mainstream M8Se NVMe and 3D NAND-Based SSDs at CES TWEETS IanCutress: Trump logic: say you know something, announce a press conference, cancel it, never talk again. He's done it several times. IanCutress: @Dresdenboy @anandtech But meeting CEOs. Always fun to give a card that says 'Dr' IanCutress: Wat @JohnLegere, please fix https://t.co/n8SN1Afgrk ganeshts: @chippy Use JDownloader (free and open source) in a VM. Also gives full control over what one needs from a YouTube link ganeshts: @cablematters What is the best crimper / punchdown tool to use with your shielded Cat6a 1K ft. cable/24-port patch panel/keystone jacks? IanCutress: #CES2017 I'm 85% sure I packed business cards. Otherwise I have 3 for the week. IanCutress: @British_Airways The Android app has had this issue for over a year. https://t.co/6zfAUR5ZtN ganeshts: @DTheSleepless @BrettHowse What is the real rate you are getting? Even with 4x4, I have not been able to get past 800 Mbps TCP throughput. ganeshts: @FPiednoel Given the 2 grace months, extra billing in near future not likely. But, for sure, need to get rid of data caps for wired plans RyanSmithAT: AMD's GCN macro-architecture & Radeon HD 7970 turn 5 years old today. Man, how the time flies. https://t.co/ZYqd9D57Pk RyanSmithAT: @fivemack No, because then only paying customers would have been able to leave reviews RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse Save them.That way you can remember what they looked like in the past RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte Though at this point it's the OS (Windows) that concerns me more than the hardware RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte It'll be one of the first. We definitely won't have the luxury of being *too* picky until later in 2018 ganeshts: @SreekrishnanV @krishashok Netgear Orbi. But, for Indian houses with concrete/brick walls - hybrid sys (router + powerline Wi-Fi extenders) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Win tickets to Inspirefest 2017 – and an added surprise Last few super early bird tickets available for Inspirefest 2017 Hazel Moore: Banks are completely wasting valuable customer data The danger of pushing design decisions downstream Q&A: Northern Ireland at the crossroads in renewable energy Behind the scenes with the most active investor in the UK green economy Google releasing two Android Wear devices in coming months Twitter management drained in 2016, as 60pc leave their role Accenture Q1 profits surge as high-growth areas shine Facebook data requests from governments jumped 27pc in 2016 Value of all bitcoins in circulation soars to $14bn Congress group agrees with Apple: Encryption back doors are a security threat Data politics and the internet of things EU: Snooper’s Charter ‘not justified in democratic society’ Microsoft wins $927m tech support deal with US military Infosec expert, blockchain entrepreneur and more added to Inspirefest line-up €2.2m scheme to bring 26,000 Irish citizens into the digital world Canada declares 50Mbps high-speed broadband a basic service for all citizens Cork broadband player Nova plans a ‘Munster’ 2,000pc expansion in Ireland North-South interconnector gets An Bord Pleanála go ahead Ireland to be first country in Europe to roll out 5G geographically Cuba to allow internet access at home for the first time Start-up of the week: Flender Nasdaq Europe calling: IPOs are closer to home than start-ups realise Teamwork’s Daniel Mackey: Coding Cork’s digital culture Sugru secures £4m in funding for international expansion 30 Irish tech start-ups to watch in 2017 Tyrone start-up Waste Systems raises €1.2m investment to go global ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One Only research that connects with real people can make a difference 12 facts you didn’t know about Christmas ESA releases stunning image of Chinese mountain range New Ebola vaccine provides 100pc protection against virus Women secured more than half of SFI ‘Starting Investigator’ grants in 2016 Green light given as 1km solar panel road opens in Normandy Graphene found to transport huge currents on the nano scale Latest report suggests IoT devices will number 46bn by 2021 Drone driving tests: New drone safety rules proposed in the UK Zuckerberg: AI is both closer than we think, and really far away Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer had very strong antlers Tyndall develops ‘smart knee’ to accelerate surgery recovery How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS How much money will your degree get you? Irish professionals choosing UK, with Brazilians filling the gaps Not all generations point to tech in the workplace 7 jobs robots will steal from us in the future 8 questions you need to ask yourself about relocating Ireland has one of the worst gender gaps in the EU To succeed in tech, ‘recognise and honour your uniqueness’ How to become the perfect UX designer How to hide your job search from your employer How to upskill easily without doing a course How to answer the toughest interview questions Want to be an IT contractor? Ask yourself these questions first Video game developer Brianna Wu plans to run for US Congress Designing a runway revolution: ‘To go viral, you need a virus’ 10 Twitter influencers you need to follow for expert career advice 30 incredible Irish people leading a European invasion European Digital Girl of the Year winners revealed Life is a story, so how will you tell yours? 10 of the most ridiculous job titles that really exist Risk takers in high demand at Aon’s Centre for Innovation and Analytics What is ‘Refer Me Please’? Incredible 20,160 jobs announced in Ireland this year 2,140 new jobs for Ulster in stellar 2016 Munster nets 5,494 jobs in 2016, with big wins for Cork and Limerick ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Deaths in 2016 dominated Wikipedia’s top 10 list of edits this year Twitter tweaks tweets: Search results to be displayed by relevance Facebook will now notify you when it thinks you’re looking at fake news Facebook creates Parents Portal to help keep children safe online 2016 Google Year in Search: What did Ireland search this year? ISPCC warning: ‘Cyber safety is the child protection issue of our time’ Tesla reveals where its first Irish charging point will be AirPods arrive on the Apple Store for €179 Skype Translator can now call mobiles and landlines All screen, no filler: Samsung Galaxy S8 may look radically different Android app updates to get smaller, saving space on your phone Android Pay pips past Apple Pay to launch in Ireland first 15 fantastic shows to binge on over the holidays Social saves the radio star: Facebook reveals Live Audio platform Facebook Messenger reveals group video with Snapchat-like selfie filters New ears’ resolution: 10 of the best podcasts to listen to in 2017 Radio Garden: Discover a whole world of audio Amazon Prime finally challenges Netflix with Irish release ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all Trump, Enda, Brady and Bowie dominate Facebook in 2016 Adele and Conor McGregor star in top trending videos of 2016 ALL Marketing’s greatest trick is embracing storytelling Want to work in tech? Hack your career with Code First: Girls Start-ups showcase creations at IndieBio EU 2016 demo day Helixworks is the first start-up to offer DNA data storage on Amazon Maureen Taylor on why simplifying communication doesn’t mean dumbing down Tyndall Technology Days 2016: Powering the Future Internet ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT All Advice People Employers Jobs Advice A new study shows ‘trivial’ incentives like free pizza can work better than cash when motivating staff Pay us in pizza! How a few slices can motivate an entire team by Gordon Hunt 2 Sep 201666 Shares What actually motivates your staff? A slice of pizza and a thank you, not some extra cash. That’s according to a new, novel piece of research. Faced with the option of a bit of extra cash, a pat on the back or some pizza, what would make you work harder? If you’re anything like those tested at Intel, then some pizza and a compliment are the clear winners. An experiment at the company’s Israeli facility saw staff divided into four groups. Each group received either the promise of cash, a compliment, pizza or nothing at all for increased productivity. A slice of success As reported by New York Magazine, said test produced some surprising results. From day one, pizza led as the best motivator, with those offered cash (the equivalent of around €30) performing the worst. Productivity initially increased 6.7pc for the pizza lovers, with those looking for recognition up by 6.6pc and the cash-hungry only improving by 4.9pc. From there, the margins widened, with those expecting money as a reward performing 13.2pc worse on one of the days than those promised nothing whatsoever. By the end of the test, the pizza and compliment groups had gradually reverted to productivity levels closer to those offered nothing at all, though both promises still acted as effective motivators. Those who would be receiving cash performed 6.5pc below their usual standards. The study, detailed in Dan Ariely’s Payoff: The Hidden Logic That Shapes Our Motivations, may be trivial, but it reveals much about what we perceive to be important carrots in the workplace. Mo’ money, mo’ problems Similar results emerged in a 2009 study undertaken by the London School of Economics and Political Science, which looked at dozens of experimental studies. “We find that financial incentives may indeed reduce intrinsic motivation and diminish ethical or other reasons for complying with workplace social norms such as fairness,” said Bernd Irlenbusch at the time. “As a consequence, the provision of incentives can result in a negative impact on overall performance.” Hiring Now Join us to create the technology of tomorrow Excellence in research for innovation and analytics One of Europe’s best IT workplaces Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share It’s not just performance that’s a worry. Keeping staff tuned in is also the best way to keep staff in general. Speaking at Inspirefest earlier this year, the founder of Hatch Analytics, Monica Parker detailed how best to create a motivated workforce. In a Hatch Analytics survey of 40,000 workers, it emerged that a sense of purpose was key. “94pc of the 40,000 people we asked said the more meaning their job has means the more likely they are to be engaged,” she said. Staying the course Releasing some control into the hands of staff, allowing quiet time for reflection and encouraging employees to develop real friendships with each other are three key ways companies can build a motivated workforce, too. “If you let go of the reigns, you will have a healthier business and healthier humans who work in the business,” she said. “If you have a best work friend, you will stay in the job.” A recent survey conducted by Aon found that more than half of workers are open to leaving their current job. The survey was conducted by Aon’s recruitment and retirement business, Aon Hewitt, among 2,000 US employees, with the aim of discovering what life is like in the modern workplace. 52pc of those surveyed have at least one eye on the job market for a potential move. Of that number 44pc are actively searching. Looking for jobs in tech or science? Check out our Employer Profiles for information on companies hiring right now. Main pizza image via Shutterstock Tweet Share Email Share More Share Pin This Reddit Related: working life, Aon, Intel, employers By Gordon Hunt Gordon joined Silicon Republic in October 2014 as a journalist. Unafraid of heights or spiders, Gordon spends most of his time avoiding conversations about music, appreciating even the least creative pun and rueing the day he panicked when meeting Paul McGrath. His favourite thing on the internet remains the ‘Random Article’ link on Wikipedia. Make sure you never miss an opportunity Follow us and stay informed! More from careers Is Google ditching modular smartphone plan Project Ara? Coca-Cola creates 25 Mayo jobs to put fizz into internet of things Vodafone network in Ireland hit by outage – services are returning Disaster strikes SpaceX rocket, Facebook’s satellite destroyed Loading Read More Loading now, one moment please! Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 12 January 2017. 6pm 26 January 2017. 6pm 09 February 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 12 January 2017. 6pm 26 January 2017. 6pm 09 February 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CNSX COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX ISDX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Columnists Fuller Treacy Money Apple Travesty is a Reminder Why Britain Must Leave the Lawless EU Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:34 02 Sep 2016 Fuller Treacy Money, September 02 2016 Apple Travesty is a Reminder Why Britain Must Leave the Lawless EU Europe's Competition Directorate commands the shock troops of the EU power structure. Ensconced in its fortress at Place Madou, it can dispatch swat teams on corporate dawn raids across Europe without a search warrant. It operates outside the normal judicial control that we take for granted in a developed democracy. The US Justice Department could never dream of acting in such a fashion. Known as 'DG Comp', it acts as judge, jury, and executioner, and can in effect impose fines large enough to constitute criminal sanctions, but without the due process protection of criminal law. It misused evidence so badly in pursuit of the US chipmaker Intel that the company alleged a violation of human rights. Apple is just the latest of the great US digital companies to face this Star Chamber. It has vowed to appeal the monster €13bn fine handed down from Brussels this week for violation of EU state aid rules, but the only recourse is the European Court of Justice. This is usually a forlorn ritual. The ECJ is a political body, the enforcer of the EU's teleological doctrines. It ratifies executive power.  We can mostly agree that Apple, Google, Starbucks, and others have gamed the international system, finding legal loopholes to whittle down their tax liabilities and enrich shareholders at the expense of society. It is such moral conduct that has driven wealth inequality to alarming levels, and provoked a potent backlash against globalisation. But the 'Double Irish' or the 'Dutch Sandwich' and other such tax avoidance schemes are being phased out systematically by the G20 and by a series of tightening rules from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). The global machinery of "profit shifting" will face a new regime by 2018. We can agree too that Apple's cosy EU arrangements should never have been permitted. It paid the standard 12.5pc corporate tax on its Irish earnings - and is the country biggest taxpayers - but the Commission alleges that its effective rate of tax on broader earnings in 2014 was 0.005pc, achieved by shuffling profits into a special 'stateless company' with its headquarters in Ireland. "The profits did not have any factual or economic justification. The “head office” had no employees, no premises and no real activities," said Margrethe Vestager, the EU competition chief. This may be true but that does not empower the Commission to act arbitrarily, retroactively, and beyond the rule of law. What is really going on - as often in EU affairs - is a complex political attack on multiple fronts. It is a reminder of why Britain must remove itself entirely and forever from the clutches of this Caesaropapist construction. Apple's chief executive, Tim Cook, has a €13bn axe to grind, but he is almost certainly right in arguing that Mrs Vestager is making up state aid rules as she goes along, and has yet to produce evidence that Dublin granted Apple a sweetheart deal on taxes. "This claim has no basis in fact or in law," he said. "The Commission’s move is unprecedented and it has serious, wide-reaching implications. It is effectively proposing to replace Irish tax laws. This would strike a devastating blow to the sovereignty of EU member states over their own tax matters, and to the principle of certainty of law in Europe," he said. David Fuller's view The EU’s contempt for democracy among its unelected officials and even its elected politicians has long been obvious to anyone paying attention.  The horrendous precedent for today’s flailing and foundering EU was the Maastricht Treaty in 1992, which I last mentioned in yesterday’s lead article.  This project led by Helmut Kohl and François Mitterrand, basically scrapped the successful European Economic Community (EEC) and the European Free Trade Association (EFTA).  They were replaced by the European Union (EU), which the German and French leaders largely controlled. This remains the case today – Germany and France are the inner core of EU power, although it is clearly not an equal weighting in terms of economic influence.  Little countries such as Ireland have minimal influence within the EU.  This is why it has been smacked down by Europe’s Competition Directorate for the entrepreneurial audacity of its tax haven policies towards Apple and other US Autonomies.    The USA is obviously not pleased by the prospect of losing potential tax revenue from American companies, should the EU charges prove successful.  The USA’s most effective bargaining chip is its funding for NATO.  I suspect that Putin is smiling in the Kremlin.    A New Low Tax Economy Can Both Liberate US and be Socially Just   We should all be grateful to Brussels for showing us, yet again, why we are right to be leaving the European Union, an entity now irrevocably set on a course of long-term decline. There have always been two tendencies at work in the EU: one pro-competition, pro-market and pro-individual freedom; the other collectivist, centralising and madly interventionist. The latter faction won, spectacularly so. The EU’s proposed trade deal with America is dead, demolishing the argument that remaining in the EU would have been the best way for Britain to deliver global free trade; and now the European Commission is waging war on tax competition. Forget about the technicalities of the Commission’s allegations against Apple and Ireland: the intent is to preserve the high-tax, high-spending social democratic model, and that means crushing those smaller, weaker nations with the temerity to seek to make themselves more attractive to potential job-creators. As the EU shrinks after Brexit and globalisation proceeds apace, this is the economic equivalent of a new Maginot line, a doomed attempt at bucking international competition. But its ineffectiveness at propping up a discredited model ought to be the least of Europe’s worries. By retroactively changing the rules, it has introduced immense uncertainty into corporate decision-making, and not just for American firms. Many other investors are realising they could be next, they too could suddenly be landed with an entirely unpredictable, postdated tax bill. Contracts between companies and nations are being reopened; promises torn up, not by those who made them but by an unelected, unstoppable bureaucracy. Inevitably, Brexit implies temporary uncertainty, rattling the nerves of many big firms (consumers, by contrast, are pretty upbeat). The good news for UK Plc is that what little fleeting advantage the EU had gained as a result has now vanished. If Britain gets its act together, our kind of uncertainty – rebooting our society, politics and economics – will soon be seen as the good sort, while Europe’s will be understood as purely negative. How many City firms would, under such circumstances, still mull relocating anything more than a trivial number of their staff to Ireland or Luxembourg? At some point, the penny will also drop that France, Italy and Spain all exhibit high and rising geopolitical risk. David Fuller's view Remember David Cameron?  He held the Brexit referendum at an early date – June 23rd, because he feared the EU’s refugee crisis would worsen over the summer.  That was not a difficult forecast and he was right.  Moreover, I cannot think of anything that has happened in the EU since June 23rd which would not have hurt the Remain cause.  Most significantly, the EU’s retroactive tax on Apple this week will hurt Ireland far more than the successful company currently run by Tim Cook.  If the referendum had been scheduled for tomorrow or anytime thereafter, I think the Leave majority would have been significantly larger.  Eoin Treacy's view The gold mining sector has been among the best performers this year not least because it underperformed by such a wide margin last year and because the gold price has broken its medium-term downtrend.   Zinc, Lead, Tin Reach Highest Since 2015 on China Factory Data Zinc, lead and tin climbed to the highest in more than a year after China’s official factory gauge unexpectedly rose last month, signaling improved demand from the world’s top metal user. The manufacturing purchasing managers index rose to 50.4 in August, near a two-year high, the statistics bureau said Thursday, up from July’s 49.9 and compared with the 49.8 median estimate of economists surveyed by Bloomberg. The pickup strengthens the case that China’s economic stabilization remains intact even as credit growth slows and the central bank refrains from cutting interest rates. Copper was little changed in New York as traders assessed the prospect of strikes at two mines in Chile, the biggest copper-producing nation. “Metals largely post gains as elements of Chinese manufacturing data display some improvement,” Michael Turek, the head of base metals at BGC Partners Inc. in New York, said in an e-mail. “Continuing Chilean labor unrest could become more pertinent for copper.” Eoin Treacy's view Positive factory output figures from China represent a welcome development for the industrial resources sector which has been plagued by fears that the Chinese economy is in serious decline. Perhaps better economic data is a reflection of the fact that continued government support in the form of loose monetary and fiscal stimulus are having the desired effect on demand.   IBM's Watson supercomputer creates a movie trailer But perhaps the most beguiling, and subversive, aspect of Watson's trailer was how much it de-emphasised the monstrous nature of the human/nanotech hybrid. The irony of this entire project is that we have a film where a form of AI turns violent and kills humans, but the AI tasked with making the film's trailer ends up playing down that entire facet of the narrative. Aside from being a fun experiment in computer-generated creativity, this project also proposes a speedy alternative to a generally costly and time-consuming process. The construction of a film trailer is usually an intensive practice taking several weeks to produce, but this trailer took only 24 hours to construct, from Watson "watching" the film to a human editor delivering the final product. Making a good film trailer is a delicate balance between art and commerce. If anything this experiment still goes to show that a strong human hand is necessary even when producing what many would determine to be a disposable advertisement. Still, I wouldn't mind getting Watson's perspective on a few sci-fi films that vilify artificial intelligence. Maybe there is a Terminator trailer on the cards that sympathizes with Skynet or a view on 2001: A Space Odyssey where HAL 9000 is the film's hero? Eoin Treacy's view IBM is in the midst of redeploying its knowhow from a company that delivered hardware to one almost entirely focused on software/computing as a service and Watson represents a big part of that. Meanwhile IBM is also advancing the development of quantum computers where it already has a 5-qubit prototype that it hopes to offer third party access too shortly.   Fuller Treacy Money Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version The information provided on this website (www.FTMoney.com) is for the purposes of information only.  This website and its content is not and should not be considered or deemed to be an offer of or invitation to engage in any investment activity.  Nothing FT Money does and nothing on this website is intended to operate or be construed as the giving of advice or the making of a recommendation by FT Money to any investor or prospective investor. FT Money and any other group or associated company of it is not authorised or regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK or any other regulatory body in any other jurisdiction.   By means of your login to our service you are deemed to thereby accept our current Terms of Business including this notice, Except for permission to download a single copy for personal use, the research published by FT Money may not be reproduced, distributed or published in whole or in part by any recipient for any purpose, without the prior express consent of FT Money. Information featured on the website is based upon information and data provided by FT Money and remains the intellectual property of FT Money.  Some of the information may also be provided by third parties and whilst FT Money will seek to ensure that information featured the website is updated on a regular basis, FT Money does not accept any responsibility for, and disclaims any and all liability for, any such information (including the accuracy of such information) or views or opinions expressed on the website.  Any person considering an investment opportunity as a result of data presented on the website should give full regard to all the content of the website, and should perform their own due diligence and obtain advice from suitably qualified professional advisers before investing.  Prospective investors are also encouraged and recommended to take their own independent legal and taxation advice together with any other advice that they may consider necessary to consider the benefits and risks attached to any investment opportunity. No representation or warranty, expressed or implied, is or will be made or given by FT Money  (including its executives, employees, agents, contractors and advisors) in relation to the accuracy or completeness of the contents of the website, save that any such liability is not excluded in respect of fraudulent misrepresentation. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Fuller Treacy Money http://www.fullertreacymoney.com/ Fuller Treacy Money is a Global Strategy Service produced by David Fuller and Eoin Treacy for internationally oriented investors.  This comprehensive service includes:   * Comment of the Day – Concise analysis, market reports, informative articles, price charts plus David and Eoin’s personal portfolio transactions. * Subscribers Audio – Daily insights on global stock markets, government bonds, currencies and commodities. Friday’s audio focuses on the big picture, long-term outlook. * Subscribers Chart Library – Review any market on an absolute or relative basis, filter thousands of instruments and create your own customised templates and personalised lists.  UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,327 Reviews & Articles | 53,559 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: MSI GeForce 1050 GAMING X 2G Video Card (Give Feedback & Win!) TRENDING NOW: New Call of Duty Vietnam game teased by Sledgehammer Home News Laptops Acer's new Swift ultrathin notebooks feature Kaby Lake Acer unveils its new Kaby Lake-powered Swift brand ultrathin notebooks By: Anthony Garreffa | Laptops News | Posted: Sep 2, 2016 6:23 am Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Acer unveiled a new line of ultrathin notebooks at IFA 2016, with the Swift brand launching with Intel's next generation Kaby Lake architecture.     Acer's new Swift line has four models in tow; the Swift 1, Swift 3, Swift 5, and Swift 7 - the higher the number, the more premium the product. Acer's flagship Swift 7 model is just 9.98mm and only 1.1kg (2.48lbs), featuring a 13.3-inch 1920x1080 IPS-based display that is found in a beautiful all-aluminum unibody and thin bezel.     Inside of the Swift 7 you'll find an Intel Core i5-7300U processor, based on Intel's new Kaby Lake architecture on the 14nm process. It'll also sport a 256GB SSD, up to 8GB of RAM, 2 x USB 3.1 Type-C ports, and 2T2R 802.11ac with MU-MIMO for connectivity.     Acer will make the Swift 7 available next month, starting at $999. NEWS SOURCES:Anandtech.com Recommended for You Dell's new XPS 13 is a surprise 2-in-1 foldable tablet... Samsung has two new Windows 10 tablets for CES 2017... ASUS working on thinnest GeForce GTX 1080 gaming laptop... Lenovo's new laptops rock clean Win 10, next-gen storage... >> NEXT STORY: Apple's new 2TB iCloud tier, ready for the 256GB iPhone << PREVIOUS STORY: Google might drop Nexus branding, shift to just 'G' logo Related Tags Acer IFA 2016 Acer Swift Swift ultrathin notebook Kaby Lake Intel Intel Kaby Lake Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Dell's new XPS 13 is a surprise 2-in-1 foldable tablet Nintendo Switch and Wii U third party partners compared Liberty City is coming to GTA V thanks to new mod CNN demonstrates Russian hacking with Fallout 3 pic Prey developer promises PC version is 'really flawless'View More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Amped Wireless Apollo Pro Long Range HD Camera Review Lost mac adress after downgrading bios from f20 to f8 z170x g7 Marvell-based PCIe SSD card (AHCI) not detected on Z77X-U5DH Asus K53SD black screen How do I print wirelessly with my wireless router + multiple computers?View More Forum Posts Press Releases Das Keyboard to demo the world's first cloud-connected keyboard at CES 2017 Samsung unveils CH711 curved quantum-dot monitor SK Hynix to construct a cutting-edge NAND flash FAB in Cheongju MSI and Phanteks launch new front USB 3.1 Type-C solutions ViewSonic reveals the VP2771 27-inch monitor with SuperClear IPS panelView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming CES 2017 Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: Christmas Gift Guide Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / Computing / Laptop / Alienware 15 Alienware 15 0 shares Read Comments By Alastair Stevenson Updated: 02 September 2016 1 of 10 Summary Page 1: Alienware 15 (2016) hands-on Video Review 9 Pictures Best Deals Best Deals for Alienware 15 Hands-on with Alienware’s 15.6-inch VR-ready laptop The Alienware 15 was TrustedReviews’ recommended small gaming laptop in 2015, which is why I had high hopes for the company's 2016 refresh. Having had an opening go with the new laptop, it looks as though history may repeat itself: the Alienware 15 may be the best 15-inch mobile game station to arrive this year. Here are three things you need to know about the refreshed Alienware 15. Watch: Hands-on with the new Alienware 15 and 17 1. Nvidia Pascal goodness The 2015 Alienware 15 ran using an Nvidia GeForce GTX 960M GPU. The card was capable of 1080p gaming, but generally required you to make compromises on graphically intensive titles. The 2016 version fixes this and runs using Nvidia’s shiny new GTX 1060 card. As TrustedReviews’ computing editor, Michael Passingham, noted in his full Nvidia GeForce GTX 1060 review, the card is a significant step up on the 960M. This is largely due to its use of Nvidia’s cutting-edge Pascal architecture. Pascal is the successor to Nvidia’s Maxwell GPU architecture. The tech originally debuted on Nvidia’s GTX 1080 GPU, but later trickled down to its more affordable 1060. Pascal uses a smaller manufacturing process than Maxwell, which reduces the chip’s fabrication nodes from 28 nanometres to 16nm. This enables Nvidia to fit more transistors onto a smaller piece of silicon, thus increasing performance while reducing power consumption and heat. Pascal is the main reason that there’s close to no difference between the 1060 used on the Alienware 15 and full on desktop cards – both have an identical number of CUDA cores and the same 6GB of GDDR5 memory. The demo unit I tested came loaded with an Intel Core i7-6700HQ processor and 8GB DDR4 memory running up to 2,667MHz. Other configurations will be available at launch, but Alienware couldn’t give me the full list of options at the time of publishing. I wasn’t able to run the pre-production machine through any of TrustedReviews' standard benchmarks during my hands-on. But the upgraded hardware should make the 2016 version significantly faster than last year’s Alienware 15. 2. You can use it to play VR games The updated hardware means that the new Alienware 15 is VR-ready and should work with the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive. Gauging VR performance is always tricky – currently, there’s no easy way to count the frame rate or properly benchmark it. But during the demo playing games on the HTC Vive using the Alienware 15, I was impressed. Titles ran smoothly and I didn’t suffer any motion sickness during my 15 minutes of play time. This is significant, since while there were reports that some of Nvidia’s 2015 top-end 980M GPUs could run VR, I personally never managed to get it working properly. So the fact that the Alienware 15 can actually run Vive games is pretty impressive. If the laptop manages to maintain the performance I witnessed over prolonged VR sessions, it could become an ideal choice for VR headset owners that don’t want a giant rig in their lounge. 3. New case and upgrade options Alienware has had to tweak the laptop’s chassis to fit the new components. The result is a slightly wider, but “almost 25% thinner” case. The new chassis looks far sleeker than the 2015 model and build quality appears to be top-notch; the case is built of the same anodized aluminum, magnesium alloy with steel reinforcements as its predecessor. I didn’t get an opportunity to remove the rear of the laptop for a sneak-peek inside, but an Alienware spokesman highlighted that the company has redesigned the internal architecture to make it easier to pop more memory sticks and a new M.2 SSD into the laptop. This wasn't particularly difficult to do on the 2015 model, but the move to make things easier is welcome, and one that may help less technical gamers maintain the laptop’s performance. Alienware also claims to have updated the laptop’s cooling system. This may not sound like the sexiest upgrade, but it’s an important one. The 2015 Alienware 15 consistently ran a little hot for my liking. During prolonged gaming sessions the CPU and GPU temperatures would regularly rise to 90-92oC, resulting in a drop in performance. Elsewhere, changes are kept to a minimum. The 15.6-inch, FHD, IPS screen of the 2015 model looks just as good here – on paper, the specification is close to identical. Colours looked decent and the above average 120Hz refresh rate should make it an ideal choice for competitive gamers looking for a mobile frag station. Alienware also made a big deal about the 15’s new TactX keyboard. It has an improved 2.2mm key travel, which should be great for competitive RTS, aRGP and MOBA players. But to be honest, during my hands-on it felt pretty similar to the 2015 model’s keyboard. I failed to notice a serious improvement in performance while running the two head-to-head – although I only did basic typing tests and didn’t play any competitive multiplayer games during my demo, so I can’t yet definitively say there haven’t been any improvements. Related: Best Graphics Card 2016 Alienware 15 in pictures The case looks pretty nice It makes the laptop much more portable, although it's still a chunky monkey The keyboard has had an overhaul too The screen remains at 1080p The desktop GPU is the biggest change Alienware 15 release date and price The Alienware 15 is set for release on 4 October. Pricing hasn’t yet been confirmed, but Nvidia’s estimated starting price for a GTX 1060 laptop is $1,300, which equates to roughly £1,200 including VAT. Considering Alienware has a tendency to put a premium price tag on its products, I’d expect it to be a little higher than Nvidia’s estimate. This would put it on a par with the 2015 model, which cost £1,322 when it first launched. Related: Best Gaming Laptops 2016 First Impressions For a mobile gaming laptop, the Alienware 15 ticks all the right boxes. It has a compact, robust chassis and the inclusion of a powerful VR-ready graphics card should ensure that it easily delivers excellent frame rates when playing 1080p games. Hopefully, it delivers on its opening promise come its release later this year, and I’ll once again be pushing the Alienware 15 as my small-form-factor gaming laptop of choice. Best Deals for Alienware 15 0 shares Read Comments melganic August 12, 2016, 11:13 pm mám v obrázku řízky Anthony Lam September 13, 2016, 5:43 am "Will be important for some people who want to take it to LAN parties". Seriously? So not for people who travel frequently for business or game on the go? Not for college students who need portability between classes? So Razer makes their laptops so thin NOT because of the above reasons, but because there's a huge market for LAN parties, right? C'mon bro... Hank Terrebrood October 28, 2016, 1:24 am This laptop has been out for more than a month and still no real review and benchmarking for performance and battery life? How does the 1060 perform vs. the 980/980m? Comparing the more recent card to 2 (3 counting the 965M?) versions back doesn't make sense. Radekan October 30, 2016, 9:53 pm Dell is not capable of fixing all screws inside Alienware. You have good chance if you buy it to have lose screw that will damage your motherboard or as in my case battery connector. My suggestion go with something else Thang Cho November 5, 2016, 8:49 am that's true. Dell purposes do that so you have to get a new laptop every 3 years. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
null
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Laptops Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel Storage GPUs SSDs Motherboards CPUs NVIDIA Mobile Systems Home> Laptops Alienware Refreshes The Alienware 15 And 17 Gaming Notebooks At PAX by Brett Howse on September 2, 2016 12:45 AM EST Posted in Laptops Gaming Dell Alienware Pascal 27 Comments | Add A Comment 27 Comments + Add A Comment Today Dell’s gaming brand is announcing updates to their larger form factor gaming notebooks. The Alienware 15 and 17 are launching with a new design featuring a thinner chassis and updated internals, which will significantly improve performance. Alienware is calling the 15 and 17 VR-Ready, and to get there they’ve turned to NVIDIA’s Pascal lineup of mobile graphics cards with the GTX 1080 on the 17 and GTX 1070 on the 15, or AMD 's RX 470 8GB model. Since Kaby Lake has only just launched with the dual-core Y and U series, Alienware is still leveraging Intel’s 6th generation Core with quad-core i7 available. Alienware 15 The design has changed as well. Alienware has moved to a new hinge-forward arrangement, which puts the display hinge closer to the user. This gives additional room at the rear of the laptop for components and cooling, allowing Alienware to shave 25% of the thickness off of the previous generation model. They aren’t the only manufacturer to do this, and it seems to work well on other gaming laptops. The chassis is designed with anodized aluminum, magnesium alloy, and steel reinforcements. Alienware even pointed out they put a steel plate behind the keyboard to protect the laptop if you have a bad game and end up smashing it, although I’d still not recommend testing this. The keyboard has become a focal point with this generation, and Alienware has moved to newer switches which offer an impressive 2.2 mm of key travel. In addition, Alienware now joins the N-Key rollover club which means the keyboard can handle ten key presses simultaneously. For those that are into RGB lighting, Alienware does offer its lighting system, but it does not feature per-key RGB lighting. Another new feature is Tobi eye tracking built-in to the laptop. This has been available on other gaming laptops already, but for those unfamiliar, Tobi technology uses cameras to track eye movement. This can then be leveraged to allow partial or full control of some functions with just your eyes, which sounds a bit crazy, but in titles that support it there could be some nice benefits such as the ability to auto-hide the HUD in a FPS unless you are looking at it, but the most interesting thing Alienware mentioned in the briefing is that they have software which will track your eye movement, and then when you are killed in a game, you can then replay the kill and find out where your eyes were at the time, and perhaps use this to improve your gaming performance over time. If it sounds silly, just remember that eSports are a big thing, with real money available, so players will likely be interested in this. Another excellent side benefit of the Tobi system is that it is Windows Hello capable, so you can log in with just the camera. Alienware 17 The displays are 1920x1080 IPS panels, and the 15-inch model will be available with a 120 Hz G-SYNC display as an option, as well as a UHD IGZO offering, which is likely similar to the one Dell implements on the XPS lineup. Battery options are a 68 Wh and optional 99 Wh battery, which is pretty much the maximum you can put in a laptop. I wouldn’t expect great battery life, but with the new Pascal chips we could be surprised. Both models will continue to work with the Alienware Graphics Amplifier as well. I asked them if they were going to move to Thunderbolt 3 for this, but they said they get more bandwidth out of the proprietary connector and are not looking to change at this time. Both models will be available this month at Dell.com. Prices have not been announced yet. Source: Alienware   Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 27 Comments View All Comments malukhel - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link Too bad they won't be available in my country. Reply yannigr2 - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link Also with a full Radeon RX 470 desktop GPU http://radeon.com/en-us/alienware-unveils-new-gene... Reply Nozuka - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link I hope you can change the color from pink to other colors.... Reply Nozuka - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link It says on the website (17''): "Thunderbolt Type-C port: A multi-use port ready to be used as a USB 3.1 port, offering 10Gbps of data transfer, a Thunderbolt connection capable of 40Gbps, or even a Display Port enabling various monitors supporting the DP protocol." I'd be surprised if they can block eGPU support on this one. And there's also a QHD Display option, not mentioned in this article. (2560x1440) Reply Flunk - Thursday, September 08, 2016 - link Alienware sells their own eGPU box, so I can't see why they'd block eGPUs. Reply ZenX - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link Heard of AlienFX? Reply Wolfpup - Wednesday, September 07, 2016 - link Yeah, Alienware started this whole color thing-you can change it to bajillions of different colors. I set my Alienwares to an innocuous blue. Reply Cliff34 - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link Love to see the battery life on these laptops for everyday use. One thing I miss about the old laptops are great keyboards. :( These days every laptop is using chiclet keyboards which are horrible typing experience. Not that i game much but if these laptops (lower models) have a reasonable price point, i might consider one. Reply boeush - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link Can't help but wonder whether the screen forward design is less about cooling or room for components, and more about continuing to put stupidly tiny screens with too much width, not enough height, and huge fat bezels into premium 'VR-ready' laptops... Reply patel21 - Friday, September 02, 2016 - link Yes a 16:10 Screen could use the Biiiig bezel space better Reply 1 2 3 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News GIGABYTE's New Console: The 'Gaming GT' PC Launched with Core i7-K, GTX1080, TB3 ZOTAC Announces GeForce GTX 1080 for Mini-ITX PCs Oculus VR Acquires The Eye Tribe, Developer of Eye Tracking Technologies Thermaltake Adds RGB Lighting to Toughpower Grand Gold PSUs PNY Launches CS2030 SSDs: Phison PS5007-E7, MLC NAND, 2.8 GB/s Sharkoon Launches Rapid-Case USB 3.1 Type-C Storage Device DIY Kit South Korea Fines Qualcomm $865 Million for Anti-Trust Violations Kaby Lake Systems With Intel Optane SSDs Coming Soon Lenovo Updates The ThinkPad Lineup: New Models, Welcome Changes Lenovo Launches New ThinkPad Accessories: Docking And Displays Dell Readies New XPS 15: 4K, Quad-Core Kaby Lake, GeForce GTX 1050 Plextor to Demo Mainstream M8Se NVMe and 3D NAND-Based SSDs at CES TWEETS IanCutress: Trump logic: say you know something, announce a press conference, cancel it, never talk again. He's done it several times. IanCutress: @Dresdenboy @anandtech But meeting CEOs. Always fun to give a card that says 'Dr' IanCutress: Wat @JohnLegere, please fix https://t.co/n8SN1Afgrk ganeshts: @chippy Use JDownloader (free and open source) in a VM. Also gives full control over what one needs from a YouTube link ganeshts: @cablematters What is the best crimper / punchdown tool to use with your shielded Cat6a 1K ft. cable/24-port patch panel/keystone jacks? IanCutress: #CES2017 I'm 85% sure I packed business cards. Otherwise I have 3 for the week. IanCutress: @British_Airways The Android app has had this issue for over a year. https://t.co/6zfAUR5ZtN ganeshts: @DTheSleepless @BrettHowse What is the real rate you are getting? Even with 4x4, I have not been able to get past 800 Mbps TCP throughput. ganeshts: @FPiednoel Given the 2 grace months, extra billing in near future not likely. But, for sure, need to get rid of data caps for wired plans RyanSmithAT: AMD's GCN macro-architecture & Radeon HD 7970 turn 5 years old today. Man, how the time flies. https://t.co/ZYqd9D57Pk RyanSmithAT: @fivemack No, because then only paying customers would have been able to leave reviews RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse Save them.That way you can remember what they looked like in the past RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte Though at this point it's the OS (Windows) that concerns me more than the hardware RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte It'll be one of the first. We definitely won't have the luxury of being *too* picky until later in 2018 ganeshts: @SreekrishnanV @krishashok Netgear Orbi. But, for Indian houses with concrete/brick walls - hybrid sys (router + powerline Wi-Fi extenders) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
TechRadar pro IT insights for business Search RSS News Reviews Insights TechRadar Business Laptop/PC Printers Hardware Software Mobile working Security Networks Management Data centre & Cloud Reviews Dell Precision 5510 review Hands on: Dell Precision 5510 review Not yet rated By Kane Fulton Laptops and netbooks  An XPS 15 that's had a workstation makeover Shares What is a hands on review? Jump to Section: Best Price Comments Our Early Verdict Dell has given the XPS 15 a workstation-style makeover, and it's ready to do business. Just make sure you have a spare external battery pack, because you'll need it. For Compact dimensions Superb 4K display Fast CPU and graphics Against Shallow keyboard Windows 7 not designed for touch Poor battery life Dell's XPS 15 has been one of the true highlights in the 15-inch laptop space during 2016. It features the company's space-saving InfinityEdge tech, which slims down the chassis size by shrinking the display's bezels to mere millimeters. It looks great and is practical to boot, allowing the machine to be slipped into a bag for easy transportation, so it was only a matter of time before Dell launched a version that's geared toward business. Step up the Precision 5510, which puts the "work" into workstation. Essentially an XPS 15 that's had a workstation-style makeover, it swaps Windows 10 for the much more business-friendly Windows 7. And when it comes to specs, Dell has stripped away unnecessary features from the XPS 15 to bring the cost down. You won't find an SSD here, nor gaming-grade graphics. There are two configurations on sale, the first starting at £1,170 (around £1,550 or AUS$2,034) alongside a higher spec model costing £1,286. (around US$1,567 or AUS$). The latter ships with a slightly weaker processor but superior dedicated workstation graphics. The Precision 5510 is every bit the looker the XPS 15 is. Its two-tone silver and black design gives off an "Oreo" effect that appears elegant and premium. It's an exercise in minimalism for the most part, with nothing on the lid except for Dell's dark logo. The less-is-more approach is only broken on the keyboard base, where Intel and Windows 7 stickers have been lazily applied by hand. There's superb build quality at every angle, with the magnesium-alloy body standing up well to knocks and scrapes. Whichever 5510 configuration you opt for, both machines will weigh the same 3.9 pounds. That's the exact same weight as the version of the XPS 15 that comes without the dedicated GTX 960M graphics card, and it's pleasingly light considering the machine's size. It's just about light enough to lift with one hand, and you can flip open the lid with a finger too. Speaking of the display, you'll be hard pressed to find a better looking screen on a 15-inch laptop. There are multiple wins here - from the display's crisp Ultra HD resolution (3,840 x 1,440) to its impressive color saturation, wide viewing angles and high color accuracy thanks to 100% coverage of the Adobe RGB spectrum. Photographers and multimedia workers can feel at ease working with this panel. The XPS 15 was already geared toward professionals thanks to these qualities, so Dell hasn't had to tweak anything in this department. The display remains plenty bright, rated at 400 nits, making the Precision 5510's bold and vibrant display excellent for outdoor use. There's ample room to snap applications to each half of the display, and you can have multiple legacy applications open while having room on the desktop to spare. Note that the some legacy business programs might not play nicely on the 4K display if they're optimized, and Windows 7 is also a strange environment to prod and poke at the touchscreen. Productivity is a breeze on the Precision 5510 thanks to the computing muscle under the hood. Our review sample came with an Intel Xeon CPU E3-1505M v5 clocked at 2.8GHz, backed up by 16GB of RAM. Apps load instantly, and boot times are swift. Whether you're running demanding applications or multiple legacy apps, this laptop will be able to handle them without a hitch. We would've liked more ports, however, with including HDMI, USB 3.1 (Type-C), two USB 3.1 ports and a microSD slot being the only ones to be found. Unfortunately the keyboard, one of the less impressive aspects of the XPS 15, remains unchanged on the Precision 5510. It suffers from a lack of key travel, with each keypress leaving more to be satisfied. It's absolutely fine, serviceable even, for typing shorter documents, but wrist cramp begins to set in once the word count reaches into the thousands. On the plus side it's backlit so you can see what you're typing up in the dark, and it's twinned with an excellent Dell Precision clickpad that's as good as any on a Mac - a rarity for a Windows machine. Benchmarks Cinebench R15: OpenGL: 55.67 fps; CPU: 621 points Geekbench (Single-Core): 3,810 points; (Multi-Core) 14,059 points Battery test (1080p looped video streamed over Wi-Fi in Edge, 50% brightness): 3 hours 3 minutes The Precision 5510 gave out some impressive benchmark scores in our early testing, with the best result coming from Geekbench's Multi-Core CPU test - 14,059 points. The Xeon CPU E3-1505M inside is truly designed for heavy lifting and even scores higher than the XPS 15's Intel Core i7-6700HQ that achieved 12,449 points in the same benchmark. The 5510's graphics performance was only slightly behind the XPS 15, scoring 55.67 points in Cinebench's graphics test, versus the 69.46 fps achieved by the GTX 960M in the XPS 15. Early verdict It must have been easy for Dell to convert the XPS 15 into a workstation, such was its initial qualities. The Precision 15 5000 is solidly-built, surprisingly compact and lightweight for its size and comes with a fantastic display. We suspect that, like the XPS 15, the Precision 15 5000 will only seriously suffer in the department of battery life due to the power-sucking 4K screen. Still, for business users looking for a capable laptop that ships with the familiar surroundings of Windows 7, the Precision 5510 should rank highly. What is a hands on review? 'Hands on reviews' are a journalist's first impressions of a piece of kit based on spending some time with it. It may be just a few moments, or a few hours. The important thing is we have been able to play with it ourselves and can give you some sense of what it's like to use, even if it's only an embryonic view. For more information, see TechRadar's Reviews Guarantee. Load Comments GET YOUR FREE MAGAZINE NET: The Money Issue worth £5.99 Join 13,000 TechRadar Pro subscribers! Sign up for a new, free business service from TechRadar Pro to help you in your job delivering high value, original content direct to your inbox GET MY FREE MAGAZINE No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 CES 2017: All the news from the massive Las Vegas tech show 2 Best Apple Watch apps for your smartwatch in 2016 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 The 10 best 4K TVs of 2016 5 10 best wireless headphones available today 1 The 10 most disappointing games of 2016 2 Apple might have a plan to keep your AirPods in your ears 3 iOS 10.3 beta already? Here are the rumored iPhone and iPad features 4 Watch Tesla Autopilot mode predict and avoid a nasty car crash 5 The first LG G6 phone leak shows it’s back on the right path TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
CNET Products Photos Videos Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out CNET Computers Laptops Alienware 15 (2016) Slimmer, faster Alienware gaming laptops are ready for VR September 1, 2016 9:01 PM PDT Close Drag   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 Previous Next It's a great time to be a PC gamer, or at least a fan of PC gaming hardware. Desktops are flying off the shelves, thanks to the popularity of virtual reality headsets among tech early adopters. Companies such as Nvidia and AMD have new graphics hardware that makes major leaps over older components, and there's even a small but growing number of gaming laptops that are ready for VR. The older Alienware design is on the left, with the new design on the right. Sarah Tew/CNET Alienware is joining that arms race with a pair of redesigned gaming laptops. The new Alienware 15 and Alienware 17 both feature current-gen Intel processors and Nvidia's new 10-series GPUs. That's important, as these new Nvidia GPUs promise nearly the same performance in both their laptop and desktop versions -- no more underperforming "M" versions of graphics chips. That means the Alienware 15 and Alienware 17 are ready for the Oculus Rift or HTC Vive, despite being slimmer than the models they're replacing. The new design is subtly updated, with a thinner body, an inset hinge that gives the fans and vents more room to work without adding bulk, and even optional eye-tracking, from a company named Tobii, in the 17-inch version. The sleek, new Alienware logo. Sarah Tew/CNET If you look closely, you'll see one more important change. The Alienware logo, untouched for most of the company's 20-year history, has gotten a makeover. The iconic alien head is just a hair slimmer and more streamlined, while the Alienware name is now written in a lighter font for a more modern look. Hot Products Apple iPhone 7 Starting at: $649.00 4.5 stars Apple iPhone 7 review: Everything you need in a phone, except the headphone jack Samsung Galaxy S7 Starting at: $459.99 4.5 stars Samsung Galaxy S7 review: Nailed it Apple iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Starting at: $512.11 4.5 stars iPad Pro (9.7-inch) review: The best iPad ever can't quite kill your laptop -- yet Microsoft Surface Book i7 Starting at: $2,399.00 4 stars Microsoft Surface Book i7, reviewed: All about that base   Discuss: Alienware 15 (2016) Conversation powered by Livefyre Where to Buy See all prices Alienware 15 (2016) Part Number: CNETalienware152016 2 Related Models Alienware 15 - DKCWF02H dkcwf02h $1,449.99 Alienware 15 - DKCWF03H dkcwf03h Low Price: $1,349.99 Dell, Inc. $1,349.99 See it Alienware $1,349.99 See it See all prices Quick Specifications See All Type Intel Core i5-6300HQ (Quad-Core, 6MB Cache, up to 3.2GHz w/ Turbo Boost) Installed Size 8 GB DDR4 at 2133MHz (1x8GB) Capacity 180 GB M.2 SATA 6Gb/s SSD Diagonal Size 15.6 inch FHD (1920 x 1080) IPS Anti-Glare 300-nits Display About The Author facebook twitter google Dan Ackerman Dan Ackerman leads CNET's coverage of laptops, desktops, and Windows tablets, while also writing about games, gadgets, and other topics. A former radio DJ and member of Mensa, he's written about music and technology for more than 15 years, appearing in publications including Spin, Blender, and Men's Journal. © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Laptops Phones Roadshow Smart Home Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing On Cars Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET 100 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS

FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Apple’s made-in-India iPhone: This is what makes Bengaluru so special By Anirudh Regidi 27   Comments BHIM app review: App for cashless payments launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi By Aditya Madanapalle 24   Comments BSNL offers unlimited local and STD calls for Rs 144 in new plan By tech2 News Staff 4   Comments BHIM app faces high server loads on launch day By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Apple sued by a family in US, claims FaceTime caused fatal car accident 2   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Gear S3, Zenwatch, Predator 21X and more: IFA 2016 Day 1 Highlights #IFA 2016 Image: Samsung 0 By tech2 News Staff /  02 Sep 2016 , 08:42 The IFA in Berlin just kicked off to a great start with companies pulling the wraps off hordes of new devices. Here’s a quick recap of the key highlights of the IFA 2016. Samsung’s S3 Gear becomes the highlight of Day 1. The Gear S3 Classic and Gear S3 Frontier smartwatches with in-built GPS and 4G LTE support (only Frontier). Find out more about the devices here. The Day 1 saw another cool smartwatch – the Zenwatch 3 from Asus. A 1.39-inch AMOLED display device with Gorilla Glass, Qualcomm Snapdragon 2100 and quick charge ability. Learn more. One of the biggest surprises was the Acer Predator 21X gaming laptop that boasts of a 21-inch curved display. It also packs in two Nvidia GTX 1080 graphics cards and an Intel Kaby Lake CPU.  The 21-inch screen with a resolution of 2560×1440 (2K) also supports Nvidia’s G-Sync technology. In addition, Acer is throwing in a Tobii eye-tracking module. As expected a slew of announcements came in from Lenovo. The highlight of these announcements is the Moto Z Play – a 5.5-inch HD Super AMOLED display smartphone and a Hasselblad True Zoom Moto Mod to enhance your smartphone photography experience. The 2.0GHz octa-core processor paired up with 3GB of RAM and a 16MP laser autofocus camera along with a front-facing camera with LED flash. Besides, there’s the Lenovo Yoga Book – a 2-in-1 tablet designed for enhanced user productivity with 10.1-inch IPS full-HD screen, Dolby Atmos sound, 64GB of memory and two panels that open up like an ultra-thin notebook. The tablet is also equipped with Halo keyboard that is designed to “learn and adapt to” typing habits of its user, with built-in prediction and artificial learning software. Acer has put on display its ridiculously thin notebook dubbed Swift 7. The 13.3-inch laptop runs on Windows 10 and has a thickness of just 9.98mm or 0.39 inches. It features the latest 7th-generation Intel Core i5 processor, 256GB of SSD storage, and 8GB of RAM. There is also an advanced 2×2 Wi-Fi 802.11ac and two USB-C ports. The 13.3-inch IPS panel comes with full HD (1920×1080) resolution, sadly no touch version will be available. Read more here. Bang and Olufsen, known for its aesthetics, has new gadgets on display at the IFA 2016. The key highlight of the Beosound 1 and Beosound 2 is the ability to project sound 360 degrees. They come with a conical design, offering a lamp-like look. You can read more about the Beosound 1 and Beosound 2. Tags: Acer Predator 21X, Beosound 1, Beosound 2, IFA 2016, Lenovo Yoga Book, Moto Z Play Also read IFA 2016: Archos 55 Diamond Selfie smartphone announced IFA 2016: How much would you pay for Acer’s dual-GPU Predator laptop with 21-inch curved display? X Recommended For You Lenovo Vibe K6 Power may launch soon in India after teaser tweet IFA 2016: Archos 133 Oxygen unveiled with 10,000 mAh battery IFA 2016: IBM Watson and Bragi come together to make IoT hearables for workplaces IFA 2016: Sony’s latest Signature Series Walkman is a copper-bodied, gold-plated marvel that costs $3,200 Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #BHIM Jan 2, 2017 BHIM App is the leader in the ‘Top Free Apps’ category on the Google Play Store #Nasa Jan 2, 2017 Nasa’s Neowise mission discovers a comet that may be visible from the first week of 2017 #Partnered Dec 29, 2016 Your guide to be a Selfie Expert #Samsung Jan 2, 2017 Samsung launches Galaxy A7, A5, A3 (2017) series smartphones with USB Type-C #presidential election Jan 2, 2017 US releases 13-page long analysis report detailing Russia’s role in presidential election hacking #Apple Jan 2, 2017 Apple’s parts supplier Wistron looking for permission to expand in Bengaluru SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,327 Reviews & Articles | 53,559 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: MSI GeForce 1050 GAMING X 2G Video Card (Give Feedback & Win!) TRENDING NOW: New Call of Duty Vietnam game teased by Sledgehammer Home News Laptops Lenovo's new Yoga 910 features Intel's new Kaby Lake CPU Lenovo taps Intel's next-gen Kaby Lake CPU for its new Yoga 910 high-end Ultrabook By: Anthony Garreffa | Laptops News | Posted: Sep 1, 2016 11:40 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Lenovo has unveiled their new Yoga 910 laptop which features Intel's next-gen Kaby Lake CPU, packing all of that power into its beautiful body that is just 14.3mm thick.     The new Yoga 910 features Lenovo's signature watchband hinge that lets the 13.9-inch display rotate 360 degrees, turning the Ultrabook into a 13.9-inch tablet. You can configure the 13.9-inch display with a native 4K resolution, but if you want to keep the costs down, and the battery life high, you can opt for the 1080p display.   We have around 15.5 hours of battery life with the 1080p display, versus just 10.5 hours on the 4K model. You can configure Lenovo's new Yoga 910 with up to 16GB of RAM, 1TB of PCIe-based SSD storage, a fingerprint reader, 2 x USB Type-C ports (1 x USB 3.0, and 1 x USB 2.0 with charging support).   Lenovo will have its Yoga 910 available sometime in October, starting at $1299. NEWS SOURCES:Techspot.com Recommended for You Dell's new XPS 13 is a surprise 2-in-1 foldable tablet... Samsung has two new Windows 10 tablets for CES 2017... ASUS working on thinnest GeForce GTX 1080 gaming laptop... Lenovo's new laptops rock clean Win 10, next-gen storage... >> NEXT STORY: Wireless VR headset patent for iPhone awarded to Apple << PREVIOUS STORY: Acer refreshes its Predator gaming monitors Related Tags Intel Lenovo IFA 2016 Intel Kaby Lake Lenovo Yoga 910 Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Dell's new XPS 13 is a surprise 2-in-1 foldable tablet Nintendo Switch and Wii U third party partners compared Liberty City is coming to GTA V thanks to new mod CNN demonstrates Russian hacking with Fallout 3 pic Prey developer promises PC version is 'really flawless'View More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Amped Wireless Apollo Pro Long Range HD Camera Review Lost mac adress after downgrading bios from f20 to f8 z170x g7 Marvell-based PCIe SSD card (AHCI) not detected on Z77X-U5DH Asus K53SD black screen How do I print wirelessly with my wireless router + multiple computers?View More Forum Posts Press Releases Das Keyboard to demo the world's first cloud-connected keyboard at CES 2017 Samsung unveils CH711 curved quantum-dot monitor SK Hynix to construct a cutting-edge NAND flash FAB in Cheongju MSI and Phanteks launch new front USB 3.1 Type-C solutions ViewSonic reveals the VP2771 27-inch monitor with SuperClear IPS panelView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People Retransmission Consent New Year, New Blackouts By Mike Farrell Jan 01, 2017 Carriage Deals NBCU, Charter Extend Talks By Mike Farrell Dec 31, 2016 OTT DirecTV Now to Drop $35 Promotional Price for ‘Go Big’ By Jeff Baumgartner Dec 29, 2016 Carriage Deals NBC, Charter at Carriage Loggerheads By Mike Farrell Dec 29, 2016 Altice USA, AMC Networks Reach Carriage Deal By Mike Farrell Dec 29, 2016 Video Games Get Accessibility Waiver Extension By John Eggerton Dec 29, 2016 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community Community MCN Online Extra | Jan. 2, 2017 By MCN Staff Picture This Ronda Rousey To Cap Knockout PPV Year For UFC By R. Thomas Umstead The Bauminator Cable Moments in CES History By Jeff Baumgartner The Bauminator Arris Pushes Back D3.1 Modem Launch By Jeff Baumgartner FTC Evaluating Privacy Issues Around Smart TVs By Gary Arlen The FCC’s New Playbook By David Sapin, PwC Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week Technology Leadership Summit Mar 07, 2017 Wonder Women Mar 23, 2017 Advanced Advertising Summit Mar 27, 2017 Technology Leadership Awards Apr 18, 2017 Images Videos Photos The Diversity Discussion Dec 12, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Dec. 12, 2016 Dec 12, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Dec. 5, 2016 Dec 05, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Nov 14, 2016 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights Finance Liberty Global, Vodafone Complete Dutch JV By Mike Farrell Jan 01, 2017 The Bauminator Cable Moments in CES History By Jeff Baumgartner OTT DirecTV Now to Drop $35 Promotional Price for ‘Go Big’ By Jeff Baumgartner Dec 29, 2016 The Bauminator Arris Pushes Back D3.1 Modem Launch By Jeff Baumgartner Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News1 Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Sep 01 2016 Broadband Hitron to Demo Intel-Powered D3.1 Modem at Cable-Tec Expo ‘CODA’ runs new Puma 7 chipset 9/01/2016 4:10 PM Eastern By: Jeff Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator Image of the D3.1-based 'CODA' product introduced last year Get complete coverage of Cable-Tec Expo 2016.   Hitron Technologies Americas said it will demo CODA, what it’s billing as the first DOCSIS 3.1-based cable modem gateway to use Intel’s Puma 7 chipset, at the upcoming SCTE Cable-Tec Expo in Philadelphia.   Perhaps you've already had an opportunity to see it. Hitron showed off CODA at the 2015 Cable-Tec Expo in New Orleans.   But to recap, Hitron’s new wares will run the Puma 7, a dual-core Intel Atom processor outfitted with speedy 14nm technology. It also supports third-party 4x4 MIMO WiFi and voice recognition modules, according to the companies.   Hitron’s D3.1 platform will be entering the market amid small, early deployments of the new multi-gigabit platform for HFC networks, and ahead of a ramp up that’s expected to occur in 2017.   And it’ll have plenty of company. Several vendors have already had products certified by CableLabs for DOCSIS 3.1 – Humax, Arris (for a model tagged for retail distribution), Askey, CastleNet, Netgear, Sagemcom, Technicolor, and Ubee Interactive. Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Newsletter Here! TAGS: Hitron    DOCSIS 3.1    Cable-Tec Expo 2016    CableLabs    SCTE    Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: TCM to Remember Legendary Actress-Singer Debbie Reynolds on Jan. 27 VidAngel Seeks Emergency Stay from 9th Circuit Court of Appeals Following District Court's Denial of Stay Request ALTICE USA MAKES DONATION TO BOYS & GIRLS CLUBS OF AMERICA LiveXLive Launches Studio to Expand Original Music and Lifestyle Programming A&E Adds Color Of Change To Its Coalition Of Civil Rights Partners Including The Anti-Defamation League To Expose Hate In America Slither Into The Shadows With `Crazy Monster’ Bounce TV Acquires The Trumpet Awards Viaccess-Orca Sets the Gold Standard for Premium 360-Degree Video Experiences in Virtual Reality AT&T is the First Provider to Offer 4K UHD Video Content to Businesses The Perfect Gift for The Broadcast Engineer or Media Professional Who Has Everything – Telestream’s New UHD and HDR E-Book Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → Hearst Stations Dark on DirecTV DirecTV Now to Drop $35 Promotional Price for ‘Go Big’ Comcast Opens Access to Fire TV, Fire TV Stick Comcast Won't Authenticate Subs for New Starz App DirecTV, Hearst Gird for Retrans Battle Related Stories Rogers Rolling Out Hitron’s DOCSIS 3.1 Gateway Jeff Baumgartner - 12/14/2016 04:46:00 PM America/New_York Canadian operator Rogers Communications has begun to Cox OKs Netgear DOCSIS 3.1 Modem Jeff Baumgartner - 12/14/2016 12:02:00 PM America/New_York Offering a hint that it’s closing in on market trials Netgear’s First DOCSIS 3.1 Modem Also Coming to Stores Jeff Baumgartner - 12/09/2016 09:32:00 AM America/New_York In addition to electronic distribution on Amazon, Netgear’s Subscribe Now Events See All Events → March Technology Leadership Summit Mar 07, 2017 Crown Plaza Charlotte,&nbspCharlotte,&nbspNC Wonder Women Mar 23, 2017 New York Hilton Freeze Frame The Diversity Discussion Freeze Frame -- Dec. 12, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Dec. 5, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Freeze Frame -- Oct. 17, 2016 See All → Comcast Agrees To New Deal For Fox News, YES AT&T, DirecTV Blackout Cox Media Stations Dispute Yanks Northwest Stations from Cable One Hearst Stations Pulled In Dispute with DirecTV NBCU Talks With Charter Get Last-Minute Extension Federated Wireless, Alphabet Demonstrate Interactivity in 3.5 GHz Band TuneTracker Systems Releases SignalCaster Remote Broadcast Software NKOM Publishes Map, Video Illustrating Upcoming FM Shutdowns in Norway KOFH(FM) Nogales Waiting On FCC Action After Fire Destroys Its Tower Tower Family Foundation Is Seeking Donations Understanding the Complexities of HDR Standardization Watch Tom Hardy Get Intimidating in This First Clip from 'Taboo' John Lennon Educational Tour Bus Travels with TriCaster 'Before the Flood' Focuses on Climate Change with Canon Cameras Toolkit: January 2017 TV Tech's Top 10 Stories of 2016 Keeping Affordable Lighting in Your Kit The Impact of IP, Cloud on Media Workflows Lessons From the 2016 AES Convention ABC Owned Stations Get Own Amazon Fire TV Apps News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
Facebook Twitter Youtube Admin Our Events ShowStoppers @ CES 2017 Snapshot Pro ShowStoppers @ MWC 2017 ShowStoppers @ CE Week 2017 ShowStoppers @ NAB 2017 ShowStoppers @ IFA 2017 ShowStoppers @ MWC Americas 2017 Press About Us Search Blog - Latest News You are here: Home / IFA 2016 / Ockel reinvents the PC in partnership with Indiegogo and Microsoft Ockel reinvents the PC in partnership with Indiegogo and Microsoft September 1, 2016/in IFA 2016 /by Steve Ockel will be showcasing its new Windows 10 device during Showstoppers at IFA. The Ockel lll is a unique little machine that combines the portability you want and expect from today’s technology with the connectivity and functionality you need when you are using a personal computer. By taking a different approach to design and technology Ockel developed a groundbreaking, smartphone sized device that forms the missing link between a real Windows 10 desktop experience and a mobile device. Ockel integrated an extensive range of connection options, including 2 USB 3.0 ports, HDMI, DisplayPort and a LAN port. A 6-inch full HD touchscreen and built-in battery enable unplugged and on-the-go use. The Ockel lll runs all x86 compatible Windows programs. The majority of Android, iOS and Windows Mobile devices run on ARM compatible architectures, but this architecture cannot run the same software as laptops or desktop PC’s. And in case you have a mobile device that does run on the x86 compatible architecture, you often have to hand in on performance or the options to connect peripherals. The Ockel lll however doesn’t compromise on the architecure used to make your software run and it doesn’t sacrifice connectivity. The Dutch hardware brand signed an exclusive partnership agreement with Indiegogo to crowdfund the new concept, that is also officially supported by Microsoft. At least 250.000 dollars are required to bring the project to life. It is the second time Ockel and Indiegogo work together, after the successful launch of the Ockel Sirius B Pocket PC last year. More than 450.000 dollars were raised during that campaign. Ockel is hoping for a multitude of the success of the Sirius B. Tags: Ockel Share this entry Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Share on Linkedin Share on Tumblr Share on Vk Share on Reddit Share by Mail http://www.showstoppers.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/ShowStoppers-logo-fix-up-2.png 0 0 Steve http://www.showstoppers.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/ShowStoppers-logo-fix-up-2.png Steve2016-09-01 17:00:282016-08-23 14:11:44Ockel reinvents the PC in partnership with Indiegogo and Microsoft Recent Posts Are you looking for the hottest startups at CES 2017? IHS Markit to Judge Tech Innovators, Innovations at CES in Las Vegas ZTE Set to Bring Breath-taking Audio to IFA 2016 ShowStoppers launches new press event concurrent with Mobile World Congress Americas 80 companies, innovators and startups intro new gear, gadgets to nearly 1,000 journalists from around the world at ShowStoppers, official press event of IFA tradeshow in Berlin Connect with Us Contact Us ShowStoppers LLC View Contacts (440) 914-9500 5401 Naiman Parkway Cleveland, OH 44139 Elevate your designs with the PRO Neato asks, who still pushes a vacuum and why? #ConnectedRevolution  Get Agreement MWC Americas × × Get Agreement CTIA × Mark Brennan Principal at Brennan Capital Partners — and an entrepreneurial consultant who specializes in providing both strategic & operations management consulting services to client companies. Client companies are typically seed/early stage ventures located in the southwest region of the US. Often takes an equity position in the client company in addition to fees to more closely align interests with outcomes. Active entrepreneur & private equity/angel investor since 1994. Have personally founded and operated several companies since 1994 and have experienced successful exits. × Andy White Andy White at Vegas Tech Fund, a seed stage investment fund that focuses on investing in founders and startups that solve huge problems — and who are committed to building a vibrant, connected tech community in downtown Las Vegas. We see an opportunity to create a City as an incubator and aim to invest in companies who share that vision and want to build on it. × 3950 S Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas, NV 89119 × What a table looks like × University Barcelona Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes, 585 08007 Barcelona × Messe-Berlin Fairgrounds -Messedamm 22, 14055 Berlin, Germany × The Metropolitan and Altman Buildings 135 W. 18th St., NYC (between 6th and 7th Avenues) × Wynn Las Vegas 3131 S. Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas NV × Get Agreement NAB × Get Agreement CE Week × Get Agreement MWC × Get Agreement CES × Get Agreement IFA × Selected Coverage IFA 2016 Selected coverage, ShowStoppers @ IFA 2016 80 companies, innovators and startups intro new gear, gadgets to nearly 1,000 journalists from around the world at ShowStoppers, official press event of IFA tradeshow in Berlin IHS Markit Announces Innovation Awards Winners at ShowStoppers at IFA in Berlin Dealerscope: UNBOXED: Aftershokz Trekz Titanium Headphones Engadget: I FA 2016That’s a Wrap Engadget: IFA 2016: All things mobile Verge: The da Vinci Mini is a cheap 3D printer for people who really want to own a 3D printer Today Show Australia: Trevor Long at IFA 2017 broadcasting LIVE on The Today Show Australia Today Show Australia: Live on the Today Show from Berlin with new gadgets for Christmas 2016 Wired: Für euch ausprobiert: Die Gadget-Highlights der IFA 2016 Engadget: Lenovo’s Yoga Book is part tablet, part sketch pad Engadget: Lenovo’s two new tablets include a lower-cost Surface Pro rival Forbes: IFA 2016 Key Analyst Takeaways Gear Diary: Lenovo Launches Amazing New Android and Windows Yoga Books; I Want One! Huffington Post: IFA 2016: New Tech in the Old World New York Times: If 1 Lens on a Phone Camera Is Good, Are 2 Better? Network World: Lenovo kicks off IFA with four new notebook/tablet offerings Wired: W e Love You, Absurd Gadgets That Rocket Us Into the Future USA Today: Slender Lenovo Yoga Book tabet lets you write with real ink Yahoo Tech: Oval TVs, smart kitchen hoods: top trends at IFA tech fair BBC: Samsung’s Big Recall – interview with Carolina Milanesi at IFA Slashgear: DJI Osmo Mobile hands-on: A stabilized bargain for the camera you always carry TechnoBuffalo: Kobo Aura One eReader hands-on: Amazon should copy these features Engadget: IFA 2016 showed us how far wearables have come Engadget: The best of the rest at IFA 2016 Slashgear: SlashGear’s Best of IFA 2016! ZDNet: All the hardware hightlights from this year’s IFA TechnoBuffalo: Yuneec Breeze drone first look: A kick-ass and affordable new drone TechRadar: With a bit of polish, IFA could emerge as a magnificent show Verge: The gadget market is alive and well at IFA, Europe’s biggest tech show TechRadar: TomTom’s new devices tread ground PCMag UK: Hands On With Lenovo’s Miix Laptops and Yoga Tablet TWICE: IFA 2016: Global CE Revenues Projected To Fall 5% in 2016 Engadget: IFA 2016 day zero: Selfie-phones and barista robots PocketNow: Lenovo Yoga 910 and Yoga Tab 3 Plus bring hi-res with low-impact form factors MSN: We get you the top gadgets announced at one of the biggest consumer electronics shows, IFA 2016 Philadelphia Inquirer: Gimzo Guy: Round of the best new watches and music devices AVING: ShowStoppers Press Event at IFA2016 PocketNow: Thin, screenful Lenovo Yoga Book runs on Android or Windows 10 MSN: Berlin’s IFA fair dons virtual reality headsets TechnoBuffalo: Lenovo Yoga book 910 Digital Trends: Misfit’s Ray will soon be sold in Apple stores, with exclusive Apple-y colors Computerblog.ro: Cum arată un smartwatch care ajunge la 1.500 de euro: Garmin Fenix Chronos Computerblog.ro: Logitech a prezentat la IFA Berlin noii mouși silențioși GadgetshowDaily: https://www.instagram.com/p/BJ8B66pjWoE/ Mobile Nations: The Yoga Book Is Too Cool For A Keyboard Hindustan Times: A gold-plated walkman or a ‘visionary’ notebook? Our top 10 tech must-haves Chip Chick: UDoq Review – Because Devices That Charge Together, Stay Together Dealerscope: WIR: IFA 2016 is a Game Changer RedBull.com: Apple iPhone7 and earpods – what you need to know Androidiani: Here One: Aperti i preordini Chip Chick: Samsung AddWash Front-Load Washer and Electric Dryer Review Chip Chick: Tile Lost and Found Trackers Will Soon Be Built Into Wallets and Purses CBS Radio: Security camera uses artificial intellgence to know if someone is an intruder CNET: Gadgets Galore Dealerscope: Key take aways from the IFA opening press conference Dealerscope: Booming Business in Berlin: An IFA 2016 Wrap Up AGDLab.pl: IFA 2016 – iRobot i inni, czyli porządek w domu bez kiwnięcia palcem BoyGeniusReview: Best of IFA 2016 Mako: סמרטוט חשמלי ומציאות מדומה: מהעודימציאו? Forbes: IFA 2016 Key Analyst Takeaways Indian Express: Market is moving from general purpose to scenario-based devices: Lenovo Chip Chick: Sen.se Launches SensePeanut, a New Line of Simple Smart Home Products Hearing Aid News: ReSound Strengthens Smart Hearing Portfolio with New Mini BTE Casadomo.com: D-Link mostró en IFA sus novedades en routers, cámaras y domótica Audiology Online: ReSound Strengthens Smart Hearing Portfolio with New Mini BTE Trusted Reviews: Withings Steel HR Yahoo News: Zagg debuts new headphones, chargers, screen protectors at IFA 2016 TechRadar: Hands on: Lenovo Ideacentre Y710 Cube review ETtech.com: 10 most interesting gadgets from IFA 2016 Economic Times: 5 most interesting gadgets from IFA 2016 Android Authority: Best of IFA 2016: From Android to Audio & Computing Mobile Today: IFA 2016: VR steals the show Chip Chick: Fossil Adds Some Beautiful New Hybrid Smartwatches to Their Q Line Portal der Wirtschaft: IFA-Erfolg: Großes Medien-Echo und UX Design Award für smarte Hörgeräte ReadWrite: TomTom announces three fitness wearables at IFA 2016 Digital Trends: Affordable laptops aren’t just ‘good enough’ anymore, they’re amazing Digital Trends: BEST MOBILE ACCESSORIES OF IFA 2016 Euronews: Home robots all the rage at IFA in Berlin CCTV-America: Berlin’s IFA trade show displays newest gadgets Verge: At IFA 2016, style trumped specs News.com.au: Five of the best gadgets launched at IFA 2016, from smartwatches to tablets you can write on theDroidReview.com: Video: UMi Max was presented at IFA 2016 in Berlin, Germany 17wh: 对不起，我一不小心都火到国外了  NoodIs-India: Plantronics unveils bold new Backbeat Fit colors at IFA 2016 Trade Mid East: ReSound® Returns to International Consumer Electronics Show to Feature Expanded Portfolio of Smart Hearing Aids Middle East News Wire Today: ReSound® Returns to International Consumer Electronics Show to Feature Expanded Portfolio of Smart Hearing Aids TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 299 IFA 2016 DAY 1: SHOWSTOPPERS TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 300 IFA 2016 DAY 2: CORDLESS VR AND THE BEST OF SAMSUNG TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 301 IFA 2016 DAY 3: AUF WIEDERSEHEN Digital Trends: A washer that kills germs in cold water and more cool laundry machines from IFA 2016 Legginotizie: Plantronics tra cinque nuovi colori e le prime cuffie ibride wireless BackBeat 1000 Palo.gr: Είδαμε το πανέμορφο activity smartwatch Garmin fenix Chronos (hands-on photos @ ShowStoppers / IFA 2016) Giga.de: udoq: Universelles Lade-Dock für Smartphones und Tablets im Hands-On-Video Sydney Morning Herald: IFA 2016: Lenovo’s Phab2 Pro brings Google’s Project Tango augmented reality to life ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Lenovo Reveal First Handset With Support For Google AR ChinaTopix: Lenovo Unveils Phab2 Pro Smartphone at IFA 2016 Featuring Google’s Project Tango Augmented Reality The TeCake: Lenovo unveils A Plus and P2 smartphone at IFA 2016 Gamenguide: IFA 2016 Latest News & Update: Lenovo A Plus Price, Specs & Release Date ABP Live: Lenovo launches P2 and A Plus smartphones at IFA 2016 ChinaTopix: Lenovo Officially Unveils Lenovo P2 and A Plus Smartphones at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Lenovo Debuts Pair Of New Smartphones PC-Tablet Media: IFA 2016: Lenovo Yoga 910 laptop, Yoga Tab 3 Plus and more announced ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Jabra Enters True Wireless Earbuds Arena With Elite Sport IndianExpress: Lenovo is number two smartphone brand by value in India: IDC Science World Report: Digital Trends Picks Top Tech From IFA 2016, Best Gadgets, Events IT Pro: IFA 2016: Tech that business professionals shouldn’t miss Manila Bulletin: AMD VR Ready processors showcased at IFA 2016 NDTV: Withings Steel HR Smartwatch With Heart Rate Sensor Launched Mashable: At IFA 2016, smart appliances and virtual reality take center stage USA Today: Cheaper phones, brighter TVs rule IFA tech show The Inquirer: What you missed in tech last week: IFA 2016, Note 7 recall, Dropbox hack Engadget: IFA 2016: The rose gold edition TWICE: 5 New Headphones Ready For A Lightning-Only iPhone 7 Digital Life: Είδαμε το πανέμορφο activity smartwatch Garmin fenix Chronos ConnexieB2B: Plantronics onthult nieuwe gewaagde kleuren voor BackBeat FIT HIAPK: 优必选科技领衔IFA电子展 展现中国优质产品实力 ComputerHoy: ShowStoppers: los mejores inventos en IFA 2016 India Dailymotion: ShowStoppers: los mejores inventos en IFA 2016 Elektro Market: Los auriculares de Plantronics dan color a IFA Hospodarske Noviny: To nejlepší z IFA: Televize sahají po dokonalosti a o nové počítače se můžete pořezat TouchIT: IFA 2016: Robot Windowmate umyje okná za vás Yahoo Japan: フォッシルが激オシャレ＆高性能なスマートウォッチを大量投入！ B Hatena: <IFA> Beyerdynamic, the DSP equipped aptX corresponding BT earphone “Byron BTA”, etc. – Phile-web Phileweb: ＜IFA＞ベイヤーダイナミック、DSP搭載のaptX対応BTイヤホン「Byron BTA」など Gizblog: IFA 2016: Udoq, docking station per tutti i dispositivi mobile TouchIT: IFA 2016: Panono je 360-stupňová kamera s rozlíšením 108MP (video) Naslovi.net: Selfi “manijaci”, radujte se! Mundo Digital/Ethevaldo: Gadgets lançados na IFA são encantadores Naslovi.net: Da više nikad ništa ne izgubite 88News: Plantronics enthüllt BackBeat FIT in aufregenden neuen Farben auf der IFA 2016 Indian Express: IFA 2016: Lenovo A Plus with 4.5-inch FWVGA display, 5MP camera launched DNA India: IFA 2016: Lenovo A Plus and Lenovo P2 smartphones unveiled Phone Radar: Lenovo P2 and A Plus Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 starting 69 Euros Dekh News: Lenovo K6 Series Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 Specification Features Price NDTV: All the big launches from IFA Berlin, summarised MSPoweruser: IFA 2016: Forget mobile, the PC is back, baby Digital Trends: 9 important trends at IFA that will shape the tech world this holiday season News247: Δέκα gadgets από την IFA που θέλεις να δεις Khaleej Times: The newest smartphones at IFA Berlin 2016 Express Tribune: Check out these eye-catching gizmos at the Berlin IFA fair Yahoo News: Mega tech fair IFA dives head-first into virtual reality Engadget: IFA 2016 day one: Battle-worn BB-8 and Acer’s new Chromebook Gadgets & Wearables: The hottest wearables of IFA 2016 Gearbrain: Eye-Tracking Laptops, a Robotic Elf And Tech That Lets You Take Calls With Your Finger Malay Mail Online: Waterproof gadgets make a splash at Berlin tech fair Digital Trends: Digital Trends Top Tech of IFA 2016 Award Winners CNBC: Five gadgets to make your home smarter The TeCake: New fitness tracker by TomTom goes live at IFA 2016 Mag Series: IFA 2016: TomTom presenta Curfer, Go e Vio News18: IFA 2016: TomTom Announces New Fitness Wearables, Updates Sports Watches Android Community: TomTom intros new GPS Sports Watches, fitness trackers at IFA 2016 Solo News: TomTom Runner 3, Spark 3 e Adventurer | Anteprima IFA 2016 NDTV: Lenovo A Plus, Lenovo P2 Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 TabTimes: Hands-on with the Lenovo Miix 510 at IFA 2016 Android Headlines: IFA 2016 Complete Wrap-Up: Everything You Need To Know Android Headlines: Best Of IFA 2016: Tablet, Chromebook & 2-in-1 Roundup News4c: Lenovo’s two new tablets to compete against Surface Pro SoloNews: IFA 2016: presentato Lenovo Miix 510, interessante tablet 2 in 1 Thurrot.com: HP Unveils New PCs at IFA 2016 – What The Tech Ep. 323 Ubergizmo: Ubergizmo’s Best of IFA 2016 TechRadar India: Fossil Q Wander Wired: We Love You, Absurd Gadgets That Rocket Us Into the Future Daily Sabah: Latest technology shown off at IFA Berlin trade fair PC Magazine: The Best Gadgets at IFA 2016 CNET: Here’s the coolest, most innovative and strangest tech we saw in Berlin ITWorld: A series of tubes: What’s next for home automation Mirror.co.uk: Smartwatches are going nowhere: Wearable technology takes centre stage at IFA 2016 Android Community: TomTom intros VIO and GO satnav devices at IFA in Berlin Rappler: At Berlin tech fair, waterproof gadgets make a splash Slashgear: SlashGear’s Best of IFA 2016! Slashgear: IFA 2016 Round-up: hands-on with the best – SlashGear Slashgear: Lenovo, Moto IFA 2016 teaser: different for the sake of better Slashgear: TomTom Spark 3, Runner 3 and Adventurer fitness GPS watches Slashgear: Withings Steel HR watch hands-on: classy heart rate time Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 2 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 3 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 5 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 4 Slashgear: IFA News & Live Coverage Slashgear: 3Doodler PRO gets into serious, professional business Slashgear: Neato Botvac D3 and D5 details: covering all bases Slashgear: Yuneec Breeze 4K selfie drone first-impressions Slashgear: ShowStoppers at IFA – SlashGear Slashgear: Wacom introduces Bamboo Slate and Folio smartpads, Bamboo Slashgear: Sen.se ThermoPeanut is a smart temp monitor for every nook Slashgear: TomTom VIO is a navigation display that uses your phone Slashgear: Lenovo Yoga Book goes on pre-order in the US Slashgear: DxO ONE iPhone camera add-on gets Wi-Fi remote, waterproof case Slashgear: TP-Link Neffos X1 and Neffos X1 Max are super thin smartphones Digital Trends: AMD’s latest deal with GlobalFoundries could help close the gap with Intel Enter Expo: Die Highlights der YouTuber | #IFA2016 Ubergizmo: New Sennheiser Headphones Launched At IFA 2016 Firstpost: IFA 2016: Sennheiser unveils new lineup of HD 2, HD 4 and HD 500 series headphones ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Sennheiser Brings High-End Audio To All Audiences Times of India: Sennheiser launches new headphones at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Sennheiser Team Up With GoPro TechRadar: TomTom’s new lineup of devices tread new ground Verge: This new 3D-printing pen draws with wood, copper, and bronze Times of India/Gadgets Now: HP Pavilion Wave, Elite Slice modular PC launched at IFA 2016 TechRadar: First look: HP Elite Slice NDTV: HDMI Alternate Mode Unveiled at IFA 2016 for USB Type-C to HDMI Cables TechRadar: Voice control lets you record on command with the Garmin VIRB Ultra 30 Sydney Morning Herald: IFA 2016: Plex live TV recording comes to Australia NDTV: Lenovo K6, K6 Power, and K6 Note Launched at IFA 2016 Times of India: Lenovo K6, K6 Power and K6 Note smartphones unveiled at IFA 2016 Times of India: Logitech M720 Triathlon Multi-Device mouse launched at IFA 2016 Gadget: IFA 2016: Lenovo unveils Yoga Book Which? Lenovo Yoga Book tablet – IFA 2016 first look review ETTelecom: IFA 2016: Lenovo unveils the Yoga Book, Motorola comes out with Z Play smartphone Engadget: IFA 2016 warm-up: Pet treats, smartwatches and more Which? Best smartphones of IFA 2016 Which? Best tech of IFA 2016 PC World: The weird, wild, and occasionally practical PC hardware of IFA 2016 Firstpost: Gear S3, Zenwatch, Predator 21X and more: IFA 2016 Day 1 Highlights CBS News: Smartwatches, keyboard-free laptops and more highlights from Europe’s biggest tech show BBC News: Smart home tech on show in Berlin Deutsche Welle: Home networking featured at IFA consumer electronics fair in Berlin Intopic: Il laptop da gaming HP Omen 17 presentato allo ShowStoppers di IFA 2016 Intopic: HP rinnova la linea per il gaming con il desktop Omen X Intopic: Withings Steel HR: il classico smartwatch dalle linee pulite con sensore HR PCMag Russia: PhotoFast представляет инновационный аксессуар — iType-C Dealerscope: Scenes from ShowStoppers at IFA 2016 Phile-Web: ＜IFA＞ゼンハイザーの新NC+BTヘッドホン「PXC 550」／ベイヤーからaptX HD対応ヘッドホン試作機 9to5Mac: Accessory makers race to launch new wireless & Lightning headphones ahead of iPhone 7 Yahoo News: The 5 biggest announcements from Lenovo’s IFA 2016 press conference Yahoo News: Lenovo’s IFA 2016 line-up includes a laptop with virtual keys and a supercharged 2-in-1 Indian Express: IFA 2016: Lenovo announces new YogaBook, Yoga 910, and more Neowin: Lenovo announces the Yoga 910 and the Miix 510 at IFA 2016 News18: Lenovo Announces a New Keyboard-Less Yoga Book at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Logitech Announces Trio Of New Mice NDTV: Logitech Unveils M720 Triathlon Multi-Device Mouse and Silent Mouse Series at IFA 2016 NotebookCheck: IFA 2016 | Lenovo: Convertible Yoga Book vorgestellt Engadget: We’re live from IFA 2016 in Berlin! NDTV: HP Pavilion Wave, Modular Elite Slice PCs Launched at IFA 2016 TechRadar: HP turns the desktop PC into a 360-degree sound system Verge: IFA 2016: the best laptops, tablets, and more The National: Eye-catching new gadgets as Berlin IFA warms up WTOP: IFA is back, and Berlin is ready Industry Week: Virtual Reality Gadgets Dominate Berlin Tech Show Deutsche Welle: IFA – good business with colorful screens Digital Trends: Hands-on: Lenovo Yoga 910 ABC News / AP: Samsung Updates Smartwatch, Lenovo Ditches Laptop Keyboard Chip Chick: Neato Makes Their Connected Vacuum Tech Cheaper With the Botvac D3 and D5 Chip Chick: The HP Elite Slice is a Tiny Stackable Office PC Chip Chick: The HP Pavilion Wave is a Desktop Computer That Thinks It’s a Speaker Chip Chick: Lenovo Gets Creative With the Chic Ultra-thin 2-in-1 Yoga Book Chip Chick: The Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 Has a Tougher Construction and a 4k Display Chip Chick: Lenovo’s Miix 510 is a Dead Ringer for the Microsoft Surface GadgetGear: IFA verwachtingen dag 2 Yahoo Finance: Day 1 in Berlin: Slick smartwatches, 360-degree speakers, and 4K Blu-ray Gorkana: IFA Berlin: what PRs need to know Elisberg: IFA Day One Huffington Post: IFA 2016: New Tech in the Old World TechRadar: Squeak no more: Logitech announces a silent mouse Wired.co.uk: Day one at IFA 2016: Stylish speakers, silent mice and Bluetooth trackers PC Magazine: What to Expect at IFA 2016 MobiPicker: AMD Will Be Present at IFA to Detail the Future of VR Yahoo News: Berlin’s IFA fair dons virtual reality headsets Dealerscope: Standouts from the Pre-IFA 2016 TechStars Dinner at Microsoft Berlin Euronews: The biggest consumer electronics fair hits Berlin Tech Times: IFA 2016: Smartphones, Wearables And Other Gadgets To Expect From Samsung, Sony, LG And more TechRadar: IFA 2016: What to expect from Samsung, Sony and more at Germany’s big tech show iSportsTimes.com: TOP 10 Most Anticipated Gadgets For The IFA 2016 iTech Post: All You Need To Know About This Year’s IFA Berlin Ubergizmo: IFA 2016: What To Expect Engadget: What to expect at this year’s IFA Yahoo News: What to expect from the epic tech extravaganza about to open in Berlin Mashable: One of the world’s biggest tech shows is about to begin DG News: Yuneec IFA 2016 neues smartes 4k-consumer-drohnen-highlight Nashville Chatter: IFA 2016 Event – 5 Devices to Expect from Berlin, Germany Daily News & Analysis: IFA 2016: Which Android smartphones and smartwatches to expect Free Malaysia Today: New-gen Android handsets and smartwatches in store for IFA 2016 Hexus: ADAM elements presents range at IFA 2016 and ShowStoppers What Hi-Fi? IFA 2016 preview: news, highlights and new products PhoneArena: IFA 2016: what to expect from Samsung, Sony and the rest TechnoBuffalo: New Sony smartphones, cameras and more teased in IFA invite Dealerscope: 7 Reasons I’m pumped for IFA PocketNow: Lenovo Yoga Tab 3 Plus 10 gets unofficial photoshoot, also spilling the specs beans 9to5Google: Huawei will launch Nova, Nova Plus smartphones, MediaPad M3 tablet at IFA CNET: Need a phone or refrigerator? Here’s what you’ll find at IFA Stuff: 6 Things we can’t wait to see at IFA TechCrunch: TechCrunch Podcast on IFA 2016 ReadWrite: Wearables cast a large shadow at IFA TechRadar India  IFA 2016: Here’s what we predict will show up at Germany’s biggest tech show Tom’s Guide  4 Reasons You Should Buy a 4K TV GearDiary  IFA Expands: CE China Set to Be the Premier Asian Consumer Electronics Trade Show GearDiary  DloDlo Glass V One Virtual Reality Glasses: Vaporwear? Or the World’s Smallest VR Headset? ChipChick  Want To Have Your Own Hello Kitty Washing Machine? You’re Probably Out of Luck ChipChick  Is China The New Frontier in Tech? IFA Is Betting On It Yahoo News  Drones, Apple clones, and a robot named Pudding at China’s first-ever CE Week Appliance Retailer  CE China makes debut Pocket-Lint  CE China: Bridging the divide in consumer electronics Korea Time  CE China to bridge global electronics firms, Chinese retailers Nigeria Today  IFA Consumer Electronics 2016 promises innovations, Korea Times  IFA seeks to boost electronics trade this year Korean Herald  IFA seeks to expand presence in China Korea JoongAng Daily  IFA prepares to launch first Asian event Korea Time  IFA 2016 to present newest IT trends, business opportunities AndroidPit  IFA 2016: all the latest news and updates × Selected Coverage MWC 2016 BBM Coming to Nokia X, Windows Phone Wall Street Journal MWC 2014: Vexia explains how it’s made a tiny phone with a huge screen at ShowStoppers Pocket Gamer Throw fruit and turn Kindle pages using only your eyes Wired.co.uk Tech Yeah! BlackBerry back to basics CNBC Agnitio demos simplicity of voice ID on a mobile device Software Industry News Eye Tribe ukázal ovládání očí na Androidu, stačí pouze infračervený vysílač Zive Carglass, Alessandro Tognola vince il Best Of Belron 2014 Automobili10 Global Mobile Awards at Mobile World Congress 2014 The Fonecast.com Next-generation in connected car technology, navigation previewed MotorwayAmerica ImageWare Systems Begins Test Phase With T-Systems, Germany Wall Street Journal MWC 2014 tutte le novità più curiose dallo ShowStoppers TVTech.it Mobile World Congress Features Connected Cars, Indoor Positioning GPS World MWC 2014: Eye Tribe for Android, Eye Input for Scrolling, Gaming ANewDomain a smartphone case that cleans your phone screen with nubby microfibers and kills 99 percent of microbes ANewDomain Apple iPhone Add-On: Olloclip 4-in-1 Photo Lens Amps Up (hands-on) ANewDomain Debutta al MWC la nuova Symmetry Series di OtterBox, la custodia che unisce protezione e stile Digital News Channel Blackberry’s Q20 Looks Great, But It Won’t Be In Australia For Half A Year Gizmodo BlackBerry Z3 spotted at MWC 2014 CNET Australia Wearable devices the new frontier Hindustan Times MWC Day 2 Briefs: AT&T, IBM, AppDirect, Cellebrite, Webroot, Twilio, MIPI Alliance, SAP AG Wireless Week BeeWi BBH202 : le casque Bluetooth (aptX) français qui se met en scène Qobuz.com #MWC14: BlackBerry At ShowStoppers Smashpipe Magazine [MWC 2014] OtterBox sbarca in Europa con una nuova linea di custodie [Video] iSpazio Opera Max, browser app designed to save your bandwidth Mobile88 Opera Max Is the Little App That Saves Your Bandwidth Webnuz BlackBerry Forges Ahead With Introduction of New Products, Services Nigeria Communications Week MWC 2014: BeeWi Bluetooth Devices Launch ANewDomain MWC 2014: Plantronics Debuts Voyager Edge, BackBeat FIT Headphones ANewDomain MWC 2014: ShowStoppers Event – Plantronics, Emporia, Garmin PocketPC.ch Mio Global to Showcase Word’s First Wrist-Worn Heart Rate Monitor Technology The International News Magazine Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First … DigitalJournal.com Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First-Ever Eye Tracker SDK For … IT News Online Yezz Andy A5QP CNET Yezz’s eight-core Andy A5QP will hit Europe in mid-march for 319 … CNET MWC 2014: The 5 most frivolous pieces of tech from ShowStoppers Pocket Gamer MWC 2014: Play Fruit Ninja with your eyes with the Eye Tribe Tracker Pocket Gamer MWC 2014: Mad Catz shows off its C.T.R.L.i for iOS devices and talks about future unconsole plans Pocket Gamer BlackBerry announces $200 smartphone, but emphasises security The Guardian BlackBerry details sub-$200 Z3, Q20 with trackpad and full keyboard Phonedog.com The Eye Tribe debuts first-ever eye tracker SDK for Android Computer News Middle East Galaxy S5, Nokia ‘Windroid,’ BlackBerry: The hype hits the fan InfoWorld MWC 2014 – BlackBerry Messenger arrive sur le Nokia X et Windows Phone CNET France BlackBerry Z3 και Q20: Επίσημα οι νέες προτάσεις της εταιρείας Techgear.gr BlackBerry to focus on enterprise, releases 2 mid-range phones, the Z3 and Q20 Fierce Wireless MWC: BlackBerry sends enterprise message with eBBM Gadget BlackBerry Z3 e Q20: touch e QWERTY per ritornare grandi Tom’s Hardware McAfee announces free Android, iOS protection IT Online Blackberry kündigt weiteres Smartphone mit Tastatur an | Frankfurter Neue Presse Frankfurter Neue Presse Mobile World Congress 2014, wearable tech en m’n iPhone is echt verouderd DutchCowboys Samsung Galaxy S5: Why I’m rooting for the little guys ZDNet Yezz Andy A5QP: Der Octa-Core-Pionier auf dem MWC 2014 Areamobile.de MWC 2014 tutte le novità più curiose dallo ShowStoppers Hardware Upgrade Habiliter l’avenir des appareils mobiles : The Eye Tribe révèle le premier SDK de suivi du regard pour Android au Mobile World Congress Pocket BlackBerry promete regresar a los teclados físicos con el Q20 – Qore Qore Sub-$200 BlackBerry Phone Coming in April From Foxconn CIO.com BlackBerry CEO Says Here to Compete, Regain Lost Ground CIO.com MWC 2014: dispositivo visual para uso industrial (vídeo) Computerworld Portugal BlackBerry-Revival: “Jeder liebt unsere Keyboards” Computerwelt MWC: Blackberry kündigt Touchscreen-Smartphone Z3 und Tastatur-Modell Q20 an ZDNet.de BlackBerry Z3, el modelo táctil más asequible con BlackBerry 10 Gadgets Tecnología y Electrónica 鸿海与Blackberry合作首款手机Z3亮相售价低于200美元 DigiTimes BlackBerry lifts lid on BES12, goes big on security and reliability TechRadar MWC 2014 – BlackBerry : 2 smartphones, un nouveau BES et BBM en version pro ZD Net.fr BlackBerry plans new ‘retro’ phone Independent.ie BlackBerry To Launch BES-12 And Other Enterprise Initiatives CXO Today.com BlackBerry showcases ‘affordable Z3’, Q20 at MWC Business Standard Vodafone partners with Opera software to launch Opera Web Pass in India The Economic Times McAfee Mobile Security solution for Android announced at MWC 2014 Hardware.Info België LOSTnFOUND präsentiert preisgekröntes Hilfssystem, das Demenzpatienten verfolgen kann Las Vegas Review-Journal AGNITiO Voice iD Awarded for Innovation and Design by Envisioneering at MWC Contact Center Solutions – TMCnet Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation And Design Award Winner (imageware Systems Inc) World News Navigon Garmin GPS pour Sony Xperia et Smartwatch 2 Hello Coton Opera Max skal halvere dataforbruket på mobilen E24 AirWatch Secure Content Locker bietet zusammen mit EyeVerify … APA OTS AirWatch Secure Content Locker to Integrate with EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification for Biometric … Sacramento Bee Ethertronics Further Revolutionizes the RF Front End with New … The Herald | HeraldOnline.com Mobile World Congress 2014 Day Zero Cult of Mac Lista degli espositori all’evento Showstoppers Techzilla.it ShowStoppers MWC 2014: il meglio della kermesse di Barcellona ridble AirWatch Secure Content Locker to Integrate with EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification for Biometric Protection of Secure Document Access Abc 27 Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First-Ever Eye Tracker SDK For Android At Mobile World Congress Abc 27 42 Wireless Leaders & Startups Mix History, Culture, New Products At Record-setting ShowStoppers Press Event In Barcelona TheStreet 42 Wireless Leaders & Startups Mix History, Culture, New Products At Record-setting ShowStoppers Press Event In Barcelona TheStreet ImageWare Systems Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation and Design Award Winner Announced for ShowStoppers@Mobile World Congress 2014 – Barcelona KSFY News AirWatch Secure Content Locker To Integrate With EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification For Biometric Protection Of Secure Document Access TheStreet LOSTnFOUND präsentiert preisgekröntes Hilfssystem, das Demenzpatienten verfolgen kann Northwest Cable News Mobile World Congress 2014 Day Zero [Liveblog Tech Investor News OtterBox Blends Protection and Style with New Symmetry Series at MWC HispanicBusiness.com LOSTnFOUND presents the award-winning assistance system that helps track dementia patients HardwareLogic Magellan’s Echo Smart Sports Watch Uses Nordic Semiconductor Chip to Stream Smartphone App Data for up to 11 Months Satellite Spotlight ImageWare Systems Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation and Design Award Winner Announced for ShowStoppers@Mobile World Congress 2014 – Barcelona IT News Online What mattered at Mobile World Congress day zero: Samsung Gear, Firefox phones, fierce convertible competition en.Parset.com MWC 2014: ShowStoppers Event – Plantronics, Emporia, Garmin PocketPC.ch LOSTnFOUND presents the award-winning assistance system that helps track dementia patients The Telegraph AirWatch Integrates IntelÂ® Device Protection Technology into its Comprehensive Security Platform for Enterprise Android Devices San Antonio Business Journal McAfee Delivers on Intel Vision of Free Mobile Security for Consumers iPhone News McAfee’s free antivirus app for Android hits the Google Play store TechRadar BlackBerry to bring BBM to Windows Phone and Nokia X Android platform V3.co.uk Avantgarde Acoustics展示Zero 1音响 小熊在线 AirWatch Integrates IntelA® Device Protection Technology Into Its Comprehensive Security Platform For Enterprise Android Devices TheStreet Opera browser debuts on Nokia X software platform Voice & data Online × Registration Criteria   ShowStoppers registration criteria for working press and industry analysts Showstoppers invites and admits only qualifying journalists working at print, TV and radio business, technology, consumer-electronics and consumer media; selected and qualifying bloggers; qualifying industry analysts; and qualifying members of investment banks and venture capital firms. Showstoppers is a private event. Showstoppers is an invitation-only event. Showstoppers events are NOT open to the public. A tradeshow press badge is NOT an invitation. A tradeshow press badge does NOT grant the holder automatic admission to Showstoppers. Showstoppers does NOT accept registrations with email addresses from yahoo.com, netzero.com, hotmail.com, and other free services that have nothing to do with a publication, TV or radio station. We require a publication-based email address. Showstoppers does NOT accept registrations with email addresses from msn.com, compuserve.com, aol.com and other generic services that have nothing to do with a publication, TV or radio station. We require a publication-based email address. Showstoppers reserves the right to require verification that you are working media. In some cases, we may ask you to provide a copy of a published article with your byline, a publication masthead listing you as a contributor or staff member, a video or audio tape, or a letter on official stationary from your publisher or broadcast producer. When in doubt, contact Steve at least TWO WEEKS prior to the event, or bring a copy of an article to on-site registration. Showstoppers reserves the right to refuse admission to anyone who does not comply with these policies. Showstoppers reserves the right to refuse admission to anyone who does not meet our press-qualification criteria. Broadcast teams Camera and recording crews are welcome to attend Showstoppers. Each member of the crew is required to register separately. Contact Steve to set this up. Online media & blogs Submit a link to an online masthead and an article with your byline that appeared within the past three months. Send this to Steve. Freelancers Submit a letter on letterhead from an editorial contact at a publication indicating that you are covering the tradeshow for that publication. Send this to Steve. User groups At the specific request of sponsors, Showstoppers events are NOT open to non-editorial members of User Groups. When in doubt When in doubt, email or send via USPS a copy of a RECENT article. When in doubt, bring a copy of a RECENT article to on-site registration. Send this to Steve. We will not admit At the request of our sponsors, Showstoppers events are NOT open to: Registrations that do not include a working URL. Registrations that do not include a working email address. Personal and non-press Web site writers, editors and/or creators. Personal and non-press Bloggers. Blogs and Web sites that exist only to aggregate and republish coverage that originates from other sources. Production companies. Boyfriends, girlfriends, significant others. About blogs Anyone can post a blog. Anyone can post to a blog. That does not make you a reporter, journalist or industry analyst. Just like driving fast does not make you a professional driver of race cars. × Selected Coverage CES 2016 Huffington Post: CES 2016: There’s No Place Like Ohm Forbes: OLED Displays Finally Go Mainstream As CES 2016 Bright Spot For Notebooks Engadget: Sex is back at CES GizWizBiz: Forget about carrying a bunch of chargers and cables when you travel. AV Nation: Connected 3: CES 2016 SF Gate: CES Has Become an Innovator’s Pre-Crowdfunding Launch Pad Forbes: HP Inc. Proved They Have Sustained Premium PC Prowess At CES 2016 Wall Street Journal: Truly Wireless Headphones but with a few strings attached Wall Street Journal: Does the world need a smarter umbrella? Huffington Post: CES 2016: A Tech Dream in the Desert Fox News: The best of CES 2016 BBC: CES 2016: Smart gadgets for all the family – and dog – BBC News Straits Times: Drawing another dimension CE: This Year’s Consumer Electronics Show in Perspective Consumer gadgets are finally getting connected and smart These Hush Smart Earplugs Are So Good, I Was Almost Able to Sleep at CES Sevenhugs Smart Remote aims to free your smartphone from connected-home duty New York Times: On Display at CES, Tech Ideas in Their Awkward Adolescence – NYTimes.com ChipChick: WowWee CHiP is the Robotic Dog We’ve Been Waiting For TechCrunch: 10 of the coolest gadgets we saw at CES 2016 Gizmodo: All the Gadgets at CES Look Like Sex Toys USA Today: Get your paws on the latest pet tech at CES 2016 Fortune: The Coolest Things We Saw at CES This Year Seattle Times/Bloomberg: 10 cool new things from CES 2016 Wired: The Universal Remote’s Secret Calling Is the Smart Home Wall Street Journal: Best of CES 2016: The Wondrous and Wacky Year Ahead in Gadgets – WSJ.com Nasdaq.com / TheStreet: Making Virtual Friends and Riding Fast Cars at CES in Las Vegas – Presented by: The Aol. On Network Media & Entertainment Technologies: Showstoppers brings OEMs to the product floor Soon, You’ll Be Able to Control Every Corner of Your Smart Homes with a Single Universal Remote | Builder Magazine What it’s like listening to a $50,000 pair of headphones USA Today: These earbuds could change the way you hear Remix OS is about to bring multi-window Android to your spare PC Hands-On With The Skully AR-1 Augmented Reality Motorcycle Helmet Tom’s Hardware: The QNAP TBS-453A Changes The NAS Game Straits Times: CES 2016: A look at this year’s coolest gear Engadget: The Skreens app puts all of your HDMI signals on one display Slashgear: Neeo hands-on: one smart remote to control them all – SlashGear Gottabemobile: Earin True Wireless Earbuds Impress at CES 2016 3DPrint: ROBO 3D Offers Comprehensive 3D Experience at CES 2016, Highlights New Printers & More | 3DPrint.com Yahoo News: Meet CleverPet, the Electronic Game That’s Like ‘Simon’ For Dogs AppleInsider: First Alert debuts IP camera, HomeKit-enabled Onelink products including, fire alarm, environment monitor & safe CNET: The most intriguing tech from Showstoppers at CES 2016 AppleInsider: CES ShowStoppers: Hackaball programmable toy, Fasetto Link mini NAS Forbes: The Five Most Disruptive Innovations at CES 2016 Australian: Handing pooches pause for thought CES ShowStoppers: Hackaball programmable toy, Fasetto Link mini NAS BUNews.com: Hydrogen Power: Not Just For Cars BUNews.com: Invitation Only: A Peek at Showstoppers Getty Images for Associated Press CES: Everything is becoming “smart” CES: Where even the showers are “smart” Making Virtual Friends and Riding Fast Cars at CES in Las Vegas Jabra Presents The Future Of Intelligent Audio FreeCast Unveils Game-Changing Select TV Box at CES 2016 ShowStoppers Major Media Event 3D Transformations with @Robo3dprinter R2 Mini #Showstoppers #CES2016 SKULLY showcases AR-1 helmet Active Edge debuts wearable technology with health benefits The Skreens app puts all of your HDMI signals on one display The Best of CES 2016 in Las Vegas Blueair says 2016 Will See Its Disruptive Indoor Air Purification Technologies Making Health Enhancing Breakthroughs Forget vinyl — better digital sound is on the way Jazz up your workout gear with these 11 awesome fitness wearables from CES 2016 http://www.avnation.tv/avnation-shows/connected/connected-3/ CleverPet: The First Game Console for Dogs Debuts at CES Smart Home and VR headline ShowStoppers LaunchIt CES 2016: Fiera – A Female Arousal Tool Everyone Should Get Excited About Tech Feature Mad Catz 10 Most Hardcore Gaming-Capable Android Tech at CES 2016 The Philadelphia Inquirer Jonathan Takiff column [The Philadelphia Inquirer] Gizmo Guy: Robot Heaven CES 2016: PIQ Multi-Sport Sensor Making Sense of Smart Home Tech at CES 2016 Sengled Showcases Award-Winning Products at 2016 Consumer Electronics Show (CES) Envisioneering selects 19 companies, 32 products for annual tech innovation awards CleverPet’s Game Console for Dogs Wins Day One of CES 2016. Amlin Andretti Brings Formula E Racing to Consumer Electronics Show Blueair’s smart indoor air monitoring, control and purification system removes health-sapping pollutants at home and work FFrench Company Aroma Therapeutics Launches Kickstarter Program in Conjunction with Opening of CES CES 2016 – Blueair Receives Three Prestigious Awards At The Biggest Consumer Electronics Show On Earth CES Always Has Jewels, Promises, Something for Everyone The laziest gadgets at the Consumer Electronics Show French startup revolution takes CES by storm Here are the products that helped me survive my first CES AfterMaster Honored With Three Prestigious Awards For Outstanding Innovation And Design At ShowStoppers During The 2016 CES Show Internet of things the easy way with wifithing. Wifithing launches open source internet of things platform Hands on with Wifithing https://www.digitalwallonia.be/en-direct-du-ces2016/ http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/envisioneering-selects-19-companies-32-products-fo http://funkykit.com/news/accessories/2141-revolutionary-code-free-iot-platform-taps-kickstarter-for-funding http://www.enostech.com/revolutionary-code-free-iot-platform-taps-kickstarter-for-funding/ http://www.macworld.com/video/61027/the-wifithing-promises-simple-iot-control-of-devices http://www.macitynet.it/ces-2016-wifithing-piattaforma-semplificare-linternet-delle-cose/ http://www.investorideas.com/news/2016/technology/01072.asp http://www.geeky-gadgets.com/new-wifithing-internet-of-things-hardware-requires-no-programming-12-01-2016/ http://energia.nu/blog/ https://twitter.com/HiTechchic/status/687481401734631424/photo/1 Major Drone Manufacturer Snaps Up Intelligent Energy’s Game-Changer for Drone Range [Flight Time] MacVoices #16046: ShowStoppers – STM Goes Beyond Bags To Pro… TWiT Live Specials 267 ShowStoppers 2016 | TWiT.TV AZTechBeat 3Plus Launches New Smartwatch and Connected Wearables at CES 2016 CES 2016: Owlet Smart Sock Wearable Baby Monitor ‘Simplehuman,’ Smart Mirror That Controls Brightness, Recognizing User’s Face Re-fuel Introduced Various Battery Devices HP Introduced Various Laptops, Including ‘Star Wars Special Edition Laptop’ Toughtested Showcased Outdoor Products, Optimized to Field Activity World Liberty TV Skully Introduced the World’s First AR Helmet Decibullz Introduced a Customized Earphone Smart Home and VR headline ShowStoppers LaunchIt Prismdesigns Introduced iPad Stylus Pen ‘REMORA’ and Charger ‘BASE’ HP Introduced Ink Change Service, ‘Instant Ink’ Primera presenta la impresora todo en uno Trio más pequeña y liviana del mundo 10 eye-opening ways virtual reality is being used (besides gaming) Actionproof’s ‘BOZON,’ Premium Silicon Charge Dock for Apple Watch Actionproof Introduced ‘The Bumper’ That Protects Apple Watch from External Shock HP unleashes a new and improved Sprout Pro for the classroom VR puts your eyes in another world; Sennheiser Ambeo brings your ears along 2016 CES Takeaway CES 2016 – Blueair Receives Three Prestigious Awards At The Biggest Consumer Electronics Show On Earth × Request Press Kit as Zip File Send us mail Name * E-Mail * Subject * Message * × Analytics powered by GoStats Scroll to top
Facebook Twitter Youtube Admin Our Events ShowStoppers @ CES 2017 Snapshot Pro ShowStoppers @ MWC 2017 ShowStoppers @ CE Week 2017 ShowStoppers @ NAB 2017 ShowStoppers @ IFA 2017 ShowStoppers @ MWC Americas 2017 Press About Us Search Blog - Latest News You are here: Home / IFA 2016 / Elevate your designs with the PRO Elevate your designs with the PRO September 1, 2016/in IFA 2016 /by Steve Come see the live demonstration of the 3Doodler PRO as it is officially unveiled for the first time at ShowStoppers and try for yourself the most advanced 3D pen yet, from the makers of the original 3D printing pen. 3Doodler is taking things to the next level. Introducing the 3Doodler PRO, a 3D printing pen designed with creative professionals in mind. A powerful prototyping tool unlike any other, the 3Doodler PRO is perfect for architects, engineers, designers, artists or any creative professional. Whether creating structures in wood, nylon, bronze, copper, polycarbonate or standard PLA or ABS plastics, the 3Doodler PRO gives users more control and options than any other 3D pen on the market. With dial-controlled variable temperature and speed settings, a built-in fan system for direct control over the rate at which materials harden, a more powerful motor to enable more ambitious projects, and the widest range of materials available, the 3Doodler PRO can make any design or concept a 3D reality. Take your ideas and concepts further than ever before with the 3Doodler PRO. Design, elevated. Tags: 3Doodler Share this entry Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Share on Linkedin Share on Tumblr Share on Vk Share on Reddit Share by Mail http://www.showstoppers.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/ShowStoppers-logo-fix-up-2.png 0 0 Steve http://www.showstoppers.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/ShowStoppers-logo-fix-up-2.png Steve2016-09-01 17:00:242016-08-23 11:28:16Elevate your designs with the PRO Recent Posts Are you looking for the hottest startups at CES 2017? IHS Markit to Judge Tech Innovators, Innovations at CES in Las Vegas ZTE Set to Bring Breath-taking Audio to IFA 2016 ShowStoppers launches new press event concurrent with Mobile World Congress Americas 80 companies, innovators and startups intro new gear, gadgets to nearly 1,000 journalists from around the world at ShowStoppers, official press event of IFA tradeshow in Berlin Connect with Us Contact Us ShowStoppers LLC View Contacts (440) 914-9500 5401 Naiman Parkway Cleveland, OH 44139 Tivoli Audio Blurs the Line Between Audio and ART Ockel reinvents the PC in partnership with Indiegogo and Microsoft Get Agreement MWC Americas × × Get Agreement CTIA × Mark Brennan Principal at Brennan Capital Partners — and an entrepreneurial consultant who specializes in providing both strategic & operations management consulting services to client companies. Client companies are typically seed/early stage ventures located in the southwest region of the US. Often takes an equity position in the client company in addition to fees to more closely align interests with outcomes. Active entrepreneur & private equity/angel investor since 1994. Have personally founded and operated several companies since 1994 and have experienced successful exits. × Andy White Andy White at Vegas Tech Fund, a seed stage investment fund that focuses on investing in founders and startups that solve huge problems — and who are committed to building a vibrant, connected tech community in downtown Las Vegas. We see an opportunity to create a City as an incubator and aim to invest in companies who share that vision and want to build on it. × 3950 S Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas, NV 89119 × What a table looks like × University Barcelona Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes, 585 08007 Barcelona × Messe-Berlin Fairgrounds -Messedamm 22, 14055 Berlin, Germany × The Metropolitan and Altman Buildings 135 W. 18th St., NYC (between 6th and 7th Avenues) × Wynn Las Vegas 3131 S. Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas NV × Get Agreement NAB × Get Agreement CE Week × Get Agreement MWC × Get Agreement CES × Get Agreement IFA × Selected Coverage IFA 2016 Selected coverage, ShowStoppers @ IFA 2016 80 companies, innovators and startups intro new gear, gadgets to nearly 1,000 journalists from around the world at ShowStoppers, official press event of IFA tradeshow in Berlin IHS Markit Announces Innovation Awards Winners at ShowStoppers at IFA in Berlin Dealerscope: UNBOXED: Aftershokz Trekz Titanium Headphones Engadget: I FA 2016That’s a Wrap Engadget: IFA 2016: All things mobile Verge: The da Vinci Mini is a cheap 3D printer for people who really want to own a 3D printer Today Show Australia: Trevor Long at IFA 2017 broadcasting LIVE on The Today Show Australia Today Show Australia: Live on the Today Show from Berlin with new gadgets for Christmas 2016 Wired: Für euch ausprobiert: Die Gadget-Highlights der IFA 2016 Engadget: Lenovo’s Yoga Book is part tablet, part sketch pad Engadget: Lenovo’s two new tablets include a lower-cost Surface Pro rival Forbes: IFA 2016 Key Analyst Takeaways Gear Diary: Lenovo Launches Amazing New Android and Windows Yoga Books; I Want One! Huffington Post: IFA 2016: New Tech in the Old World New York Times: If 1 Lens on a Phone Camera Is Good, Are 2 Better? Network World: Lenovo kicks off IFA with four new notebook/tablet offerings Wired: W e Love You, Absurd Gadgets That Rocket Us Into the Future USA Today: Slender Lenovo Yoga Book tabet lets you write with real ink Yahoo Tech: Oval TVs, smart kitchen hoods: top trends at IFA tech fair BBC: Samsung’s Big Recall – interview with Carolina Milanesi at IFA Slashgear: DJI Osmo Mobile hands-on: A stabilized bargain for the camera you always carry TechnoBuffalo: Kobo Aura One eReader hands-on: Amazon should copy these features Engadget: IFA 2016 showed us how far wearables have come Engadget: The best of the rest at IFA 2016 Slashgear: SlashGear’s Best of IFA 2016! ZDNet: All the hardware hightlights from this year’s IFA TechnoBuffalo: Yuneec Breeze drone first look: A kick-ass and affordable new drone TechRadar: With a bit of polish, IFA could emerge as a magnificent show Verge: The gadget market is alive and well at IFA, Europe’s biggest tech show TechRadar: TomTom’s new devices tread ground PCMag UK: Hands On With Lenovo’s Miix Laptops and Yoga Tablet TWICE: IFA 2016: Global CE Revenues Projected To Fall 5% in 2016 Engadget: IFA 2016 day zero: Selfie-phones and barista robots PocketNow: Lenovo Yoga 910 and Yoga Tab 3 Plus bring hi-res with low-impact form factors MSN: We get you the top gadgets announced at one of the biggest consumer electronics shows, IFA 2016 Philadelphia Inquirer: Gimzo Guy: Round of the best new watches and music devices AVING: ShowStoppers Press Event at IFA2016 PocketNow: Thin, screenful Lenovo Yoga Book runs on Android or Windows 10 MSN: Berlin’s IFA fair dons virtual reality headsets TechnoBuffalo: Lenovo Yoga book 910 Digital Trends: Misfit’s Ray will soon be sold in Apple stores, with exclusive Apple-y colors Computerblog.ro: Cum arată un smartwatch care ajunge la 1.500 de euro: Garmin Fenix Chronos Computerblog.ro: Logitech a prezentat la IFA Berlin noii mouși silențioși GadgetshowDaily: https://www.instagram.com/p/BJ8B66pjWoE/ Mobile Nations: The Yoga Book Is Too Cool For A Keyboard Hindustan Times: A gold-plated walkman or a ‘visionary’ notebook? Our top 10 tech must-haves Chip Chick: UDoq Review – Because Devices That Charge Together, Stay Together Dealerscope: WIR: IFA 2016 is a Game Changer RedBull.com: Apple iPhone7 and earpods – what you need to know Androidiani: Here One: Aperti i preordini Chip Chick: Samsung AddWash Front-Load Washer and Electric Dryer Review Chip Chick: Tile Lost and Found Trackers Will Soon Be Built Into Wallets and Purses CBS Radio: Security camera uses artificial intellgence to know if someone is an intruder CNET: Gadgets Galore Dealerscope: Key take aways from the IFA opening press conference Dealerscope: Booming Business in Berlin: An IFA 2016 Wrap Up AGDLab.pl: IFA 2016 – iRobot i inni, czyli porządek w domu bez kiwnięcia palcem BoyGeniusReview: Best of IFA 2016 Mako: סמרטוט חשמלי ומציאות מדומה: מהעודימציאו? Forbes: IFA 2016 Key Analyst Takeaways Indian Express: Market is moving from general purpose to scenario-based devices: Lenovo Chip Chick: Sen.se Launches SensePeanut, a New Line of Simple Smart Home Products Hearing Aid News: ReSound Strengthens Smart Hearing Portfolio with New Mini BTE Casadomo.com: D-Link mostró en IFA sus novedades en routers, cámaras y domótica Audiology Online: ReSound Strengthens Smart Hearing Portfolio with New Mini BTE Trusted Reviews: Withings Steel HR Yahoo News: Zagg debuts new headphones, chargers, screen protectors at IFA 2016 TechRadar: Hands on: Lenovo Ideacentre Y710 Cube review ETtech.com: 10 most interesting gadgets from IFA 2016 Economic Times: 5 most interesting gadgets from IFA 2016 Android Authority: Best of IFA 2016: From Android to Audio & Computing Mobile Today: IFA 2016: VR steals the show Chip Chick: Fossil Adds Some Beautiful New Hybrid Smartwatches to Their Q Line Portal der Wirtschaft: IFA-Erfolg: Großes Medien-Echo und UX Design Award für smarte Hörgeräte ReadWrite: TomTom announces three fitness wearables at IFA 2016 Digital Trends: Affordable laptops aren’t just ‘good enough’ anymore, they’re amazing Digital Trends: BEST MOBILE ACCESSORIES OF IFA 2016 Euronews: Home robots all the rage at IFA in Berlin CCTV-America: Berlin’s IFA trade show displays newest gadgets Verge: At IFA 2016, style trumped specs News.com.au: Five of the best gadgets launched at IFA 2016, from smartwatches to tablets you can write on theDroidReview.com: Video: UMi Max was presented at IFA 2016 in Berlin, Germany 17wh: 对不起，我一不小心都火到国外了  NoodIs-India: Plantronics unveils bold new Backbeat Fit colors at IFA 2016 Trade Mid East: ReSound® Returns to International Consumer Electronics Show to Feature Expanded Portfolio of Smart Hearing Aids Middle East News Wire Today: ReSound® Returns to International Consumer Electronics Show to Feature Expanded Portfolio of Smart Hearing Aids TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 299 IFA 2016 DAY 1: SHOWSTOPPERS TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 300 IFA 2016 DAY 2: CORDLESS VR AND THE BEST OF SAMSUNG TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 301 IFA 2016 DAY 3: AUF WIEDERSEHEN Digital Trends: A washer that kills germs in cold water and more cool laundry machines from IFA 2016 Legginotizie: Plantronics tra cinque nuovi colori e le prime cuffie ibride wireless BackBeat 1000 Palo.gr: Είδαμε το πανέμορφο activity smartwatch Garmin fenix Chronos (hands-on photos @ ShowStoppers / IFA 2016) Giga.de: udoq: Universelles Lade-Dock für Smartphones und Tablets im Hands-On-Video Sydney Morning Herald: IFA 2016: Lenovo’s Phab2 Pro brings Google’s Project Tango augmented reality to life ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Lenovo Reveal First Handset With Support For Google AR ChinaTopix: Lenovo Unveils Phab2 Pro Smartphone at IFA 2016 Featuring Google’s Project Tango Augmented Reality The TeCake: Lenovo unveils A Plus and P2 smartphone at IFA 2016 Gamenguide: IFA 2016 Latest News & Update: Lenovo A Plus Price, Specs & Release Date ABP Live: Lenovo launches P2 and A Plus smartphones at IFA 2016 ChinaTopix: Lenovo Officially Unveils Lenovo P2 and A Plus Smartphones at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Lenovo Debuts Pair Of New Smartphones PC-Tablet Media: IFA 2016: Lenovo Yoga 910 laptop, Yoga Tab 3 Plus and more announced ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Jabra Enters True Wireless Earbuds Arena With Elite Sport IndianExpress: Lenovo is number two smartphone brand by value in India: IDC Science World Report: Digital Trends Picks Top Tech From IFA 2016, Best Gadgets, Events IT Pro: IFA 2016: Tech that business professionals shouldn’t miss Manila Bulletin: AMD VR Ready processors showcased at IFA 2016 NDTV: Withings Steel HR Smartwatch With Heart Rate Sensor Launched Mashable: At IFA 2016, smart appliances and virtual reality take center stage USA Today: Cheaper phones, brighter TVs rule IFA tech show The Inquirer: What you missed in tech last week: IFA 2016, Note 7 recall, Dropbox hack Engadget: IFA 2016: The rose gold edition TWICE: 5 New Headphones Ready For A Lightning-Only iPhone 7 Digital Life: Είδαμε το πανέμορφο activity smartwatch Garmin fenix Chronos ConnexieB2B: Plantronics onthult nieuwe gewaagde kleuren voor BackBeat FIT HIAPK: 优必选科技领衔IFA电子展 展现中国优质产品实力 ComputerHoy: ShowStoppers: los mejores inventos en IFA 2016 India Dailymotion: ShowStoppers: los mejores inventos en IFA 2016 Elektro Market: Los auriculares de Plantronics dan color a IFA Hospodarske Noviny: To nejlepší z IFA: Televize sahají po dokonalosti a o nové počítače se můžete pořezat TouchIT: IFA 2016: Robot Windowmate umyje okná za vás Yahoo Japan: フォッシルが激オシャレ＆高性能なスマートウォッチを大量投入！ B Hatena: <IFA> Beyerdynamic, the DSP equipped aptX corresponding BT earphone “Byron BTA”, etc. – Phile-web Phileweb: ＜IFA＞ベイヤーダイナミック、DSP搭載のaptX対応BTイヤホン「Byron BTA」など Gizblog: IFA 2016: Udoq, docking station per tutti i dispositivi mobile TouchIT: IFA 2016: Panono je 360-stupňová kamera s rozlíšením 108MP (video) Naslovi.net: Selfi “manijaci”, radujte se! Mundo Digital/Ethevaldo: Gadgets lançados na IFA são encantadores Naslovi.net: Da više nikad ništa ne izgubite 88News: Plantronics enthüllt BackBeat FIT in aufregenden neuen Farben auf der IFA 2016 Indian Express: IFA 2016: Lenovo A Plus with 4.5-inch FWVGA display, 5MP camera launched DNA India: IFA 2016: Lenovo A Plus and Lenovo P2 smartphones unveiled Phone Radar: Lenovo P2 and A Plus Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 starting 69 Euros Dekh News: Lenovo K6 Series Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 Specification Features Price NDTV: All the big launches from IFA Berlin, summarised MSPoweruser: IFA 2016: Forget mobile, the PC is back, baby Digital Trends: 9 important trends at IFA that will shape the tech world this holiday season News247: Δέκα gadgets από την IFA που θέλεις να δεις Khaleej Times: The newest smartphones at IFA Berlin 2016 Express Tribune: Check out these eye-catching gizmos at the Berlin IFA fair Yahoo News: Mega tech fair IFA dives head-first into virtual reality Engadget: IFA 2016 day one: Battle-worn BB-8 and Acer’s new Chromebook Gadgets & Wearables: The hottest wearables of IFA 2016 Gearbrain: Eye-Tracking Laptops, a Robotic Elf And Tech That Lets You Take Calls With Your Finger Malay Mail Online: Waterproof gadgets make a splash at Berlin tech fair Digital Trends: Digital Trends Top Tech of IFA 2016 Award Winners CNBC: Five gadgets to make your home smarter The TeCake: New fitness tracker by TomTom goes live at IFA 2016 Mag Series: IFA 2016: TomTom presenta Curfer, Go e Vio News18: IFA 2016: TomTom Announces New Fitness Wearables, Updates Sports Watches Android Community: TomTom intros new GPS Sports Watches, fitness trackers at IFA 2016 Solo News: TomTom Runner 3, Spark 3 e Adventurer | Anteprima IFA 2016 NDTV: Lenovo A Plus, Lenovo P2 Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 TabTimes: Hands-on with the Lenovo Miix 510 at IFA 2016 Android Headlines: IFA 2016 Complete Wrap-Up: Everything You Need To Know Android Headlines: Best Of IFA 2016: Tablet, Chromebook & 2-in-1 Roundup News4c: Lenovo’s two new tablets to compete against Surface Pro SoloNews: IFA 2016: presentato Lenovo Miix 510, interessante tablet 2 in 1 Thurrot.com: HP Unveils New PCs at IFA 2016 – What The Tech Ep. 323 Ubergizmo: Ubergizmo’s Best of IFA 2016 TechRadar India: Fossil Q Wander Wired: We Love You, Absurd Gadgets That Rocket Us Into the Future Daily Sabah: Latest technology shown off at IFA Berlin trade fair PC Magazine: The Best Gadgets at IFA 2016 CNET: Here’s the coolest, most innovative and strangest tech we saw in Berlin ITWorld: A series of tubes: What’s next for home automation Mirror.co.uk: Smartwatches are going nowhere: Wearable technology takes centre stage at IFA 2016 Android Community: TomTom intros VIO and GO satnav devices at IFA in Berlin Rappler: At Berlin tech fair, waterproof gadgets make a splash Slashgear: SlashGear’s Best of IFA 2016! Slashgear: IFA 2016 Round-up: hands-on with the best – SlashGear Slashgear: Lenovo, Moto IFA 2016 teaser: different for the sake of better Slashgear: TomTom Spark 3, Runner 3 and Adventurer fitness GPS watches Slashgear: Withings Steel HR watch hands-on: classy heart rate time Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 2 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 3 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 5 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 4 Slashgear: IFA News & Live Coverage Slashgear: 3Doodler PRO gets into serious, professional business Slashgear: Neato Botvac D3 and D5 details: covering all bases Slashgear: Yuneec Breeze 4K selfie drone first-impressions Slashgear: ShowStoppers at IFA – SlashGear Slashgear: Wacom introduces Bamboo Slate and Folio smartpads, Bamboo Slashgear: Sen.se ThermoPeanut is a smart temp monitor for every nook Slashgear: TomTom VIO is a navigation display that uses your phone Slashgear: Lenovo Yoga Book goes on pre-order in the US Slashgear: DxO ONE iPhone camera add-on gets Wi-Fi remote, waterproof case Slashgear: TP-Link Neffos X1 and Neffos X1 Max are super thin smartphones Digital Trends: AMD’s latest deal with GlobalFoundries could help close the gap with Intel Enter Expo: Die Highlights der YouTuber | #IFA2016 Ubergizmo: New Sennheiser Headphones Launched At IFA 2016 Firstpost: IFA 2016: Sennheiser unveils new lineup of HD 2, HD 4 and HD 500 series headphones ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Sennheiser Brings High-End Audio To All Audiences Times of India: Sennheiser launches new headphones at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Sennheiser Team Up With GoPro TechRadar: TomTom’s new lineup of devices tread new ground Verge: This new 3D-printing pen draws with wood, copper, and bronze Times of India/Gadgets Now: HP Pavilion Wave, Elite Slice modular PC launched at IFA 2016 TechRadar: First look: HP Elite Slice NDTV: HDMI Alternate Mode Unveiled at IFA 2016 for USB Type-C to HDMI Cables TechRadar: Voice control lets you record on command with the Garmin VIRB Ultra 30 Sydney Morning Herald: IFA 2016: Plex live TV recording comes to Australia NDTV: Lenovo K6, K6 Power, and K6 Note Launched at IFA 2016 Times of India: Lenovo K6, K6 Power and K6 Note smartphones unveiled at IFA 2016 Times of India: Logitech M720 Triathlon Multi-Device mouse launched at IFA 2016 Gadget: IFA 2016: Lenovo unveils Yoga Book Which? Lenovo Yoga Book tablet – IFA 2016 first look review ETTelecom: IFA 2016: Lenovo unveils the Yoga Book, Motorola comes out with Z Play smartphone Engadget: IFA 2016 warm-up: Pet treats, smartwatches and more Which? Best smartphones of IFA 2016 Which? Best tech of IFA 2016 PC World: The weird, wild, and occasionally practical PC hardware of IFA 2016 Firstpost: Gear S3, Zenwatch, Predator 21X and more: IFA 2016 Day 1 Highlights CBS News: Smartwatches, keyboard-free laptops and more highlights from Europe’s biggest tech show BBC News: Smart home tech on show in Berlin Deutsche Welle: Home networking featured at IFA consumer electronics fair in Berlin Intopic: Il laptop da gaming HP Omen 17 presentato allo ShowStoppers di IFA 2016 Intopic: HP rinnova la linea per il gaming con il desktop Omen X Intopic: Withings Steel HR: il classico smartwatch dalle linee pulite con sensore HR PCMag Russia: PhotoFast представляет инновационный аксессуар — iType-C Dealerscope: Scenes from ShowStoppers at IFA 2016 Phile-Web: ＜IFA＞ゼンハイザーの新NC+BTヘッドホン「PXC 550」／ベイヤーからaptX HD対応ヘッドホン試作機 9to5Mac: Accessory makers race to launch new wireless & Lightning headphones ahead of iPhone 7 Yahoo News: The 5 biggest announcements from Lenovo’s IFA 2016 press conference Yahoo News: Lenovo’s IFA 2016 line-up includes a laptop with virtual keys and a supercharged 2-in-1 Indian Express: IFA 2016: Lenovo announces new YogaBook, Yoga 910, and more Neowin: Lenovo announces the Yoga 910 and the Miix 510 at IFA 2016 News18: Lenovo Announces a New Keyboard-Less Yoga Book at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Logitech Announces Trio Of New Mice NDTV: Logitech Unveils M720 Triathlon Multi-Device Mouse and Silent Mouse Series at IFA 2016 NotebookCheck: IFA 2016 | Lenovo: Convertible Yoga Book vorgestellt Engadget: We’re live from IFA 2016 in Berlin! NDTV: HP Pavilion Wave, Modular Elite Slice PCs Launched at IFA 2016 TechRadar: HP turns the desktop PC into a 360-degree sound system Verge: IFA 2016: the best laptops, tablets, and more The National: Eye-catching new gadgets as Berlin IFA warms up WTOP: IFA is back, and Berlin is ready Industry Week: Virtual Reality Gadgets Dominate Berlin Tech Show Deutsche Welle: IFA – good business with colorful screens Digital Trends: Hands-on: Lenovo Yoga 910 ABC News / AP: Samsung Updates Smartwatch, Lenovo Ditches Laptop Keyboard Chip Chick: Neato Makes Their Connected Vacuum Tech Cheaper With the Botvac D3 and D5 Chip Chick: The HP Elite Slice is a Tiny Stackable Office PC Chip Chick: The HP Pavilion Wave is a Desktop Computer That Thinks It’s a Speaker Chip Chick: Lenovo Gets Creative With the Chic Ultra-thin 2-in-1 Yoga Book Chip Chick: The Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 Has a Tougher Construction and a 4k Display Chip Chick: Lenovo’s Miix 510 is a Dead Ringer for the Microsoft Surface GadgetGear: IFA verwachtingen dag 2 Yahoo Finance: Day 1 in Berlin: Slick smartwatches, 360-degree speakers, and 4K Blu-ray Gorkana: IFA Berlin: what PRs need to know Elisberg: IFA Day One Huffington Post: IFA 2016: New Tech in the Old World TechRadar: Squeak no more: Logitech announces a silent mouse Wired.co.uk: Day one at IFA 2016: Stylish speakers, silent mice and Bluetooth trackers PC Magazine: What to Expect at IFA 2016 MobiPicker: AMD Will Be Present at IFA to Detail the Future of VR Yahoo News: Berlin’s IFA fair dons virtual reality headsets Dealerscope: Standouts from the Pre-IFA 2016 TechStars Dinner at Microsoft Berlin Euronews: The biggest consumer electronics fair hits Berlin Tech Times: IFA 2016: Smartphones, Wearables And Other Gadgets To Expect From Samsung, Sony, LG And more TechRadar: IFA 2016: What to expect from Samsung, Sony and more at Germany’s big tech show iSportsTimes.com: TOP 10 Most Anticipated Gadgets For The IFA 2016 iTech Post: All You Need To Know About This Year’s IFA Berlin Ubergizmo: IFA 2016: What To Expect Engadget: What to expect at this year’s IFA Yahoo News: What to expect from the epic tech extravaganza about to open in Berlin Mashable: One of the world’s biggest tech shows is about to begin DG News: Yuneec IFA 2016 neues smartes 4k-consumer-drohnen-highlight Nashville Chatter: IFA 2016 Event – 5 Devices to Expect from Berlin, Germany Daily News & Analysis: IFA 2016: Which Android smartphones and smartwatches to expect Free Malaysia Today: New-gen Android handsets and smartwatches in store for IFA 2016 Hexus: ADAM elements presents range at IFA 2016 and ShowStoppers What Hi-Fi? IFA 2016 preview: news, highlights and new products PhoneArena: IFA 2016: what to expect from Samsung, Sony and the rest TechnoBuffalo: New Sony smartphones, cameras and more teased in IFA invite Dealerscope: 7 Reasons I’m pumped for IFA PocketNow: Lenovo Yoga Tab 3 Plus 10 gets unofficial photoshoot, also spilling the specs beans 9to5Google: Huawei will launch Nova, Nova Plus smartphones, MediaPad M3 tablet at IFA CNET: Need a phone or refrigerator? Here’s what you’ll find at IFA Stuff: 6 Things we can’t wait to see at IFA TechCrunch: TechCrunch Podcast on IFA 2016 ReadWrite: Wearables cast a large shadow at IFA TechRadar India  IFA 2016: Here’s what we predict will show up at Germany’s biggest tech show Tom’s Guide  4 Reasons You Should Buy a 4K TV GearDiary  IFA Expands: CE China Set to Be the Premier Asian Consumer Electronics Trade Show GearDiary  DloDlo Glass V One Virtual Reality Glasses: Vaporwear? Or the World’s Smallest VR Headset? ChipChick  Want To Have Your Own Hello Kitty Washing Machine? You’re Probably Out of Luck ChipChick  Is China The New Frontier in Tech? IFA Is Betting On It Yahoo News  Drones, Apple clones, and a robot named Pudding at China’s first-ever CE Week Appliance Retailer  CE China makes debut Pocket-Lint  CE China: Bridging the divide in consumer electronics Korea Time  CE China to bridge global electronics firms, Chinese retailers Nigeria Today  IFA Consumer Electronics 2016 promises innovations, Korea Times  IFA seeks to boost electronics trade this year Korean Herald  IFA seeks to expand presence in China Korea JoongAng Daily  IFA prepares to launch first Asian event Korea Time  IFA 2016 to present newest IT trends, business opportunities AndroidPit  IFA 2016: all the latest news and updates × Selected Coverage MWC 2016 BBM Coming to Nokia X, Windows Phone Wall Street Journal MWC 2014: Vexia explains how it’s made a tiny phone with a huge screen at ShowStoppers Pocket Gamer Throw fruit and turn Kindle pages using only your eyes Wired.co.uk Tech Yeah! BlackBerry back to basics CNBC Agnitio demos simplicity of voice ID on a mobile device Software Industry News Eye Tribe ukázal ovládání očí na Androidu, stačí pouze infračervený vysílač Zive Carglass, Alessandro Tognola vince il Best Of Belron 2014 Automobili10 Global Mobile Awards at Mobile World Congress 2014 The Fonecast.com Next-generation in connected car technology, navigation previewed MotorwayAmerica ImageWare Systems Begins Test Phase With T-Systems, Germany Wall Street Journal MWC 2014 tutte le novità più curiose dallo ShowStoppers TVTech.it Mobile World Congress Features Connected Cars, Indoor Positioning GPS World MWC 2014: Eye Tribe for Android, Eye Input for Scrolling, Gaming ANewDomain a smartphone case that cleans your phone screen with nubby microfibers and kills 99 percent of microbes ANewDomain Apple iPhone Add-On: Olloclip 4-in-1 Photo Lens Amps Up (hands-on) ANewDomain Debutta al MWC la nuova Symmetry Series di OtterBox, la custodia che unisce protezione e stile Digital News Channel Blackberry’s Q20 Looks Great, But It Won’t Be In Australia For Half A Year Gizmodo BlackBerry Z3 spotted at MWC 2014 CNET Australia Wearable devices the new frontier Hindustan Times MWC Day 2 Briefs: AT&T, IBM, AppDirect, Cellebrite, Webroot, Twilio, MIPI Alliance, SAP AG Wireless Week BeeWi BBH202 : le casque Bluetooth (aptX) français qui se met en scène Qobuz.com #MWC14: BlackBerry At ShowStoppers Smashpipe Magazine [MWC 2014] OtterBox sbarca in Europa con una nuova linea di custodie [Video] iSpazio Opera Max, browser app designed to save your bandwidth Mobile88 Opera Max Is the Little App That Saves Your Bandwidth Webnuz BlackBerry Forges Ahead With Introduction of New Products, Services Nigeria Communications Week MWC 2014: BeeWi Bluetooth Devices Launch ANewDomain MWC 2014: Plantronics Debuts Voyager Edge, BackBeat FIT Headphones ANewDomain MWC 2014: ShowStoppers Event – Plantronics, Emporia, Garmin PocketPC.ch Mio Global to Showcase Word’s First Wrist-Worn Heart Rate Monitor Technology The International News Magazine Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First … DigitalJournal.com Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First-Ever Eye Tracker SDK For … IT News Online Yezz Andy A5QP CNET Yezz’s eight-core Andy A5QP will hit Europe in mid-march for 319 … CNET MWC 2014: The 5 most frivolous pieces of tech from ShowStoppers Pocket Gamer MWC 2014: Play Fruit Ninja with your eyes with the Eye Tribe Tracker Pocket Gamer MWC 2014: Mad Catz shows off its C.T.R.L.i for iOS devices and talks about future unconsole plans Pocket Gamer BlackBerry announces $200 smartphone, but emphasises security The Guardian BlackBerry details sub-$200 Z3, Q20 with trackpad and full keyboard Phonedog.com The Eye Tribe debuts first-ever eye tracker SDK for Android Computer News Middle East Galaxy S5, Nokia ‘Windroid,’ BlackBerry: The hype hits the fan InfoWorld MWC 2014 – BlackBerry Messenger arrive sur le Nokia X et Windows Phone CNET France BlackBerry Z3 και Q20: Επίσημα οι νέες προτάσεις της εταιρείας Techgear.gr BlackBerry to focus on enterprise, releases 2 mid-range phones, the Z3 and Q20 Fierce Wireless MWC: BlackBerry sends enterprise message with eBBM Gadget BlackBerry Z3 e Q20: touch e QWERTY per ritornare grandi Tom’s Hardware McAfee announces free Android, iOS protection IT Online Blackberry kündigt weiteres Smartphone mit Tastatur an | Frankfurter Neue Presse Frankfurter Neue Presse Mobile World Congress 2014, wearable tech en m’n iPhone is echt verouderd DutchCowboys Samsung Galaxy S5: Why I’m rooting for the little guys ZDNet Yezz Andy A5QP: Der Octa-Core-Pionier auf dem MWC 2014 Areamobile.de MWC 2014 tutte le novità più curiose dallo ShowStoppers Hardware Upgrade Habiliter l’avenir des appareils mobiles : The Eye Tribe révèle le premier SDK de suivi du regard pour Android au Mobile World Congress Pocket BlackBerry promete regresar a los teclados físicos con el Q20 – Qore Qore Sub-$200 BlackBerry Phone Coming in April From Foxconn CIO.com BlackBerry CEO Says Here to Compete, Regain Lost Ground CIO.com MWC 2014: dispositivo visual para uso industrial (vídeo) Computerworld Portugal BlackBerry-Revival: “Jeder liebt unsere Keyboards” Computerwelt MWC: Blackberry kündigt Touchscreen-Smartphone Z3 und Tastatur-Modell Q20 an ZDNet.de BlackBerry Z3, el modelo táctil más asequible con BlackBerry 10 Gadgets Tecnología y Electrónica 鸿海与Blackberry合作首款手机Z3亮相售价低于200美元 DigiTimes BlackBerry lifts lid on BES12, goes big on security and reliability TechRadar MWC 2014 – BlackBerry : 2 smartphones, un nouveau BES et BBM en version pro ZD Net.fr BlackBerry plans new ‘retro’ phone Independent.ie BlackBerry To Launch BES-12 And Other Enterprise Initiatives CXO Today.com BlackBerry showcases ‘affordable Z3’, Q20 at MWC Business Standard Vodafone partners with Opera software to launch Opera Web Pass in India The Economic Times McAfee Mobile Security solution for Android announced at MWC 2014 Hardware.Info België LOSTnFOUND präsentiert preisgekröntes Hilfssystem, das Demenzpatienten verfolgen kann Las Vegas Review-Journal AGNITiO Voice iD Awarded for Innovation and Design by Envisioneering at MWC Contact Center Solutions – TMCnet Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation And Design Award Winner (imageware Systems Inc) World News Navigon Garmin GPS pour Sony Xperia et Smartwatch 2 Hello Coton Opera Max skal halvere dataforbruket på mobilen E24 AirWatch Secure Content Locker bietet zusammen mit EyeVerify … APA OTS AirWatch Secure Content Locker to Integrate with EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification for Biometric … Sacramento Bee Ethertronics Further Revolutionizes the RF Front End with New … The Herald | HeraldOnline.com Mobile World Congress 2014 Day Zero Cult of Mac Lista degli espositori all’evento Showstoppers Techzilla.it ShowStoppers MWC 2014: il meglio della kermesse di Barcellona ridble AirWatch Secure Content Locker to Integrate with EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification for Biometric Protection of Secure Document Access Abc 27 Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First-Ever Eye Tracker SDK For Android At Mobile World Congress Abc 27 42 Wireless Leaders & Startups Mix History, Culture, New Products At Record-setting ShowStoppers Press Event In Barcelona TheStreet 42 Wireless Leaders & Startups Mix History, Culture, New Products At Record-setting ShowStoppers Press Event In Barcelona TheStreet ImageWare Systems Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation and Design Award Winner Announced for ShowStoppers@Mobile World Congress 2014 – Barcelona KSFY News AirWatch Secure Content Locker To Integrate With EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification For Biometric Protection Of Secure Document Access TheStreet LOSTnFOUND präsentiert preisgekröntes Hilfssystem, das Demenzpatienten verfolgen kann Northwest Cable News Mobile World Congress 2014 Day Zero [Liveblog Tech Investor News OtterBox Blends Protection and Style with New Symmetry Series at MWC HispanicBusiness.com LOSTnFOUND presents the award-winning assistance system that helps track dementia patients HardwareLogic Magellan’s Echo Smart Sports Watch Uses Nordic Semiconductor Chip to Stream Smartphone App Data for up to 11 Months Satellite Spotlight ImageWare Systems Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation and Design Award Winner Announced for ShowStoppers@Mobile World Congress 2014 – Barcelona IT News Online What mattered at Mobile World Congress day zero: Samsung Gear, Firefox phones, fierce convertible competition en.Parset.com MWC 2014: ShowStoppers Event – Plantronics, Emporia, Garmin PocketPC.ch LOSTnFOUND presents the award-winning assistance system that helps track dementia patients The Telegraph AirWatch Integrates IntelÂ® Device Protection Technology into its Comprehensive Security Platform for Enterprise Android Devices San Antonio Business Journal McAfee Delivers on Intel Vision of Free Mobile Security for Consumers iPhone News McAfee’s free antivirus app for Android hits the Google Play store TechRadar BlackBerry to bring BBM to Windows Phone and Nokia X Android platform V3.co.uk Avantgarde Acoustics展示Zero 1音响 小熊在线 AirWatch Integrates IntelA® Device Protection Technology Into Its Comprehensive Security Platform For Enterprise Android Devices TheStreet Opera browser debuts on Nokia X software platform Voice & data Online × Registration Criteria   ShowStoppers registration criteria for working press and industry analysts Showstoppers invites and admits only qualifying journalists working at print, TV and radio business, technology, consumer-electronics and consumer media; selected and qualifying bloggers; qualifying industry analysts; and qualifying members of investment banks and venture capital firms. Showstoppers is a private event. Showstoppers is an invitation-only event. Showstoppers events are NOT open to the public. A tradeshow press badge is NOT an invitation. A tradeshow press badge does NOT grant the holder automatic admission to Showstoppers. Showstoppers does NOT accept registrations with email addresses from yahoo.com, netzero.com, hotmail.com, and other free services that have nothing to do with a publication, TV or radio station. We require a publication-based email address. Showstoppers does NOT accept registrations with email addresses from msn.com, compuserve.com, aol.com and other generic services that have nothing to do with a publication, TV or radio station. We require a publication-based email address. Showstoppers reserves the right to require verification that you are working media. In some cases, we may ask you to provide a copy of a published article with your byline, a publication masthead listing you as a contributor or staff member, a video or audio tape, or a letter on official stationary from your publisher or broadcast producer. When in doubt, contact Steve at least TWO WEEKS prior to the event, or bring a copy of an article to on-site registration. Showstoppers reserves the right to refuse admission to anyone who does not comply with these policies. Showstoppers reserves the right to refuse admission to anyone who does not meet our press-qualification criteria. Broadcast teams Camera and recording crews are welcome to attend Showstoppers. Each member of the crew is required to register separately. Contact Steve to set this up. Online media & blogs Submit a link to an online masthead and an article with your byline that appeared within the past three months. Send this to Steve. Freelancers Submit a letter on letterhead from an editorial contact at a publication indicating that you are covering the tradeshow for that publication. Send this to Steve. User groups At the specific request of sponsors, Showstoppers events are NOT open to non-editorial members of User Groups. When in doubt When in doubt, email or send via USPS a copy of a RECENT article. When in doubt, bring a copy of a RECENT article to on-site registration. Send this to Steve. We will not admit At the request of our sponsors, Showstoppers events are NOT open to: Registrations that do not include a working URL. Registrations that do not include a working email address. Personal and non-press Web site writers, editors and/or creators. Personal and non-press Bloggers. Blogs and Web sites that exist only to aggregate and republish coverage that originates from other sources. Production companies. Boyfriends, girlfriends, significant others. About blogs Anyone can post a blog. Anyone can post to a blog. That does not make you a reporter, journalist or industry analyst. Just like driving fast does not make you a professional driver of race cars. × Selected Coverage CES 2016 Huffington Post: CES 2016: There’s No Place Like Ohm Forbes: OLED Displays Finally Go Mainstream As CES 2016 Bright Spot For Notebooks Engadget: Sex is back at CES GizWizBiz: Forget about carrying a bunch of chargers and cables when you travel. AV Nation: Connected 3: CES 2016 SF Gate: CES Has Become an Innovator’s Pre-Crowdfunding Launch Pad Forbes: HP Inc. Proved They Have Sustained Premium PC Prowess At CES 2016 Wall Street Journal: Truly Wireless Headphones but with a few strings attached Wall Street Journal: Does the world need a smarter umbrella? Huffington Post: CES 2016: A Tech Dream in the Desert Fox News: The best of CES 2016 BBC: CES 2016: Smart gadgets for all the family – and dog – BBC News Straits Times: Drawing another dimension CE: This Year’s Consumer Electronics Show in Perspective Consumer gadgets are finally getting connected and smart These Hush Smart Earplugs Are So Good, I Was Almost Able to Sleep at CES Sevenhugs Smart Remote aims to free your smartphone from connected-home duty New York Times: On Display at CES, Tech Ideas in Their Awkward Adolescence – NYTimes.com ChipChick: WowWee CHiP is the Robotic Dog We’ve Been Waiting For TechCrunch: 10 of the coolest gadgets we saw at CES 2016 Gizmodo: All the Gadgets at CES Look Like Sex Toys USA Today: Get your paws on the latest pet tech at CES 2016 Fortune: The Coolest Things We Saw at CES This Year Seattle Times/Bloomberg: 10 cool new things from CES 2016 Wired: The Universal Remote’s Secret Calling Is the Smart Home Wall Street Journal: Best of CES 2016: The Wondrous and Wacky Year Ahead in Gadgets – WSJ.com Nasdaq.com / TheStreet: Making Virtual Friends and Riding Fast Cars at CES in Las Vegas – Presented by: The Aol. On Network Media & Entertainment Technologies: Showstoppers brings OEMs to the product floor Soon, You’ll Be Able to Control Every Corner of Your Smart Homes with a Single Universal Remote | Builder Magazine What it’s like listening to a $50,000 pair of headphones USA Today: These earbuds could change the way you hear Remix OS is about to bring multi-window Android to your spare PC Hands-On With The Skully AR-1 Augmented Reality Motorcycle Helmet Tom’s Hardware: The QNAP TBS-453A Changes The NAS Game Straits Times: CES 2016: A look at this year’s coolest gear Engadget: The Skreens app puts all of your HDMI signals on one display Slashgear: Neeo hands-on: one smart remote to control them all – SlashGear Gottabemobile: Earin True Wireless Earbuds Impress at CES 2016 3DPrint: ROBO 3D Offers Comprehensive 3D Experience at CES 2016, Highlights New Printers & More | 3DPrint.com Yahoo News: Meet CleverPet, the Electronic Game That’s Like ‘Simon’ For Dogs AppleInsider: First Alert debuts IP camera, HomeKit-enabled Onelink products including, fire alarm, environment monitor & safe CNET: The most intriguing tech from Showstoppers at CES 2016 AppleInsider: CES ShowStoppers: Hackaball programmable toy, Fasetto Link mini NAS Forbes: The Five Most Disruptive Innovations at CES 2016 Australian: Handing pooches pause for thought CES ShowStoppers: Hackaball programmable toy, Fasetto Link mini NAS BUNews.com: Hydrogen Power: Not Just For Cars BUNews.com: Invitation Only: A Peek at Showstoppers Getty Images for Associated Press CES: Everything is becoming “smart” CES: Where even the showers are “smart” Making Virtual Friends and Riding Fast Cars at CES in Las Vegas Jabra Presents The Future Of Intelligent Audio FreeCast Unveils Game-Changing Select TV Box at CES 2016 ShowStoppers Major Media Event 3D Transformations with @Robo3dprinter R2 Mini #Showstoppers #CES2016 SKULLY showcases AR-1 helmet Active Edge debuts wearable technology with health benefits The Skreens app puts all of your HDMI signals on one display The Best of CES 2016 in Las Vegas Blueair says 2016 Will See Its Disruptive Indoor Air Purification Technologies Making Health Enhancing Breakthroughs Forget vinyl — better digital sound is on the way Jazz up your workout gear with these 11 awesome fitness wearables from CES 2016 http://www.avnation.tv/avnation-shows/connected/connected-3/ CleverPet: The First Game Console for Dogs Debuts at CES Smart Home and VR headline ShowStoppers LaunchIt CES 2016: Fiera – A Female Arousal Tool Everyone Should Get Excited About Tech Feature Mad Catz 10 Most Hardcore Gaming-Capable Android Tech at CES 2016 The Philadelphia Inquirer Jonathan Takiff column [The Philadelphia Inquirer] Gizmo Guy: Robot Heaven CES 2016: PIQ Multi-Sport Sensor Making Sense of Smart Home Tech at CES 2016 Sengled Showcases Award-Winning Products at 2016 Consumer Electronics Show (CES) Envisioneering selects 19 companies, 32 products for annual tech innovation awards CleverPet’s Game Console for Dogs Wins Day One of CES 2016. Amlin Andretti Brings Formula E Racing to Consumer Electronics Show Blueair’s smart indoor air monitoring, control and purification system removes health-sapping pollutants at home and work FFrench Company Aroma Therapeutics Launches Kickstarter Program in Conjunction with Opening of CES CES 2016 – Blueair Receives Three Prestigious Awards At The Biggest Consumer Electronics Show On Earth CES Always Has Jewels, Promises, Something for Everyone The laziest gadgets at the Consumer Electronics Show French startup revolution takes CES by storm Here are the products that helped me survive my first CES AfterMaster Honored With Three Prestigious Awards For Outstanding Innovation And Design At ShowStoppers During The 2016 CES Show Internet of things the easy way with wifithing. Wifithing launches open source internet of things platform Hands on with Wifithing https://www.digitalwallonia.be/en-direct-du-ces2016/ http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/envisioneering-selects-19-companies-32-products-fo http://funkykit.com/news/accessories/2141-revolutionary-code-free-iot-platform-taps-kickstarter-for-funding http://www.enostech.com/revolutionary-code-free-iot-platform-taps-kickstarter-for-funding/ http://www.macworld.com/video/61027/the-wifithing-promises-simple-iot-control-of-devices http://www.macitynet.it/ces-2016-wifithing-piattaforma-semplificare-linternet-delle-cose/ http://www.investorideas.com/news/2016/technology/01072.asp http://www.geeky-gadgets.com/new-wifithing-internet-of-things-hardware-requires-no-programming-12-01-2016/ http://energia.nu/blog/ https://twitter.com/HiTechchic/status/687481401734631424/photo/1 Major Drone Manufacturer Snaps Up Intelligent Energy’s Game-Changer for Drone Range [Flight Time] MacVoices #16046: ShowStoppers – STM Goes Beyond Bags To Pro… TWiT Live Specials 267 ShowStoppers 2016 | TWiT.TV AZTechBeat 3Plus Launches New Smartwatch and Connected Wearables at CES 2016 CES 2016: Owlet Smart Sock Wearable Baby Monitor ‘Simplehuman,’ Smart Mirror That Controls Brightness, Recognizing User’s Face Re-fuel Introduced Various Battery Devices HP Introduced Various Laptops, Including ‘Star Wars Special Edition Laptop’ Toughtested Showcased Outdoor Products, Optimized to Field Activity World Liberty TV Skully Introduced the World’s First AR Helmet Decibullz Introduced a Customized Earphone Smart Home and VR headline ShowStoppers LaunchIt Prismdesigns Introduced iPad Stylus Pen ‘REMORA’ and Charger ‘BASE’ HP Introduced Ink Change Service, ‘Instant Ink’ Primera presenta la impresora todo en uno Trio más pequeña y liviana del mundo 10 eye-opening ways virtual reality is being used (besides gaming) Actionproof’s ‘BOZON,’ Premium Silicon Charge Dock for Apple Watch Actionproof Introduced ‘The Bumper’ That Protects Apple Watch from External Shock HP unleashes a new and improved Sprout Pro for the classroom VR puts your eyes in another world; Sennheiser Ambeo brings your ears along 2016 CES Takeaway CES 2016 – Blueair Receives Three Prestigious Awards At The Biggest Consumer Electronics Show On Earth × Request Press Kit as Zip File Send us mail Name * E-Mail * Subject * Message * × Analytics powered by GoStats Scroll to top
Facebook Twitter Youtube Admin Our Events ShowStoppers @ CES 2017 Snapshot Pro ShowStoppers @ MWC 2017 ShowStoppers @ CE Week 2017 ShowStoppers @ NAB 2017 ShowStoppers @ IFA 2017 ShowStoppers @ MWC Americas 2017 Press About Us Search Blog - Latest News You are here: Home / IFA 2016 / Jabra unveils true wireless sports earbuds with promise of superior sound,... Jabra unveils true wireless sports earbuds with promise of superior sound, benchmark battery life and advanced personalized fitness analysis September 1, 2016/in IFA 2016 /by Steve Drawing on the expertise of the GN Group’s long-standing headset and hearing aid expertise, Jabra continues to pioneer unparalleled sound capabilities with the launch of their first truly wireless earbuds – Jabra Elite Sport. Jabra Elite Sport earbuds are a true training aid which are waterproof and delivers freedom of movement, ground-breaking in-ear fitness analysis, top battery life and great music for anyone who wants to work out. The earbuds support all major smartphone operating systems (both Android & iOS) and also has a focus on the in-call experience. This is thanks to earbuds that analyze external sounds and automatically switch to the earbud with least background noise. These state-of-the-art earbuds deliver superior audio quality for calls and music without wires. Designed with true freedom in mind, Jabra Elite Sport delivers a cord-free wearing style whether you choose to use one or both earbuds. They offer outstanding stereo sound for calls and music, as well as full sports functionality. Visit Jabra at ShowStoppers@IFA or in hall 7.2b at booth 201 to discover more. Tags: Jabra Share this entry Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Share on Linkedin Share on Tumblr Share on Vk Share on Reddit Share by Mail http://www.showstoppers.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/ShowStoppers-logo-fix-up-2.png 0 0 Steve http://www.showstoppers.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/ShowStoppers-logo-fix-up-2.png Steve2016-09-01 17:00:392016-08-24 13:15:06Jabra unveils true wireless sports earbuds with promise of superior sound, benchmark battery life and advanced personalized fitness analysis You might also like Jabra unveils range of intelligent sports earbuds that let you hear more, do more and be more Jabra presents the future of intelligent sound Recent Posts Are you looking for the hottest startups at CES 2017? IHS Markit to Judge Tech Innovators, Innovations at CES in Las Vegas ZTE Set to Bring Breath-taking Audio to IFA 2016 ShowStoppers launches new press event concurrent with Mobile World Congress Americas 80 companies, innovators and startups intro new gear, gadgets to nearly 1,000 journalists from around the world at ShowStoppers, official press event of IFA tradeshow in Berlin Connect with Us Contact Us ShowStoppers LLC View Contacts (440) 914-9500 5401 Naiman Parkway Cleveland, OH 44139 Neato asks, who still pushes a vacuum and why? #ConnectedRevolution  Backpack with Lock, Solar, Music, Powerbank – improving work & life on... Get Agreement MWC Americas × × Get Agreement CTIA × Mark Brennan Principal at Brennan Capital Partners — and an entrepreneurial consultant who specializes in providing both strategic & operations management consulting services to client companies. Client companies are typically seed/early stage ventures located in the southwest region of the US. Often takes an equity position in the client company in addition to fees to more closely align interests with outcomes. Active entrepreneur & private equity/angel investor since 1994. Have personally founded and operated several companies since 1994 and have experienced successful exits. × Andy White Andy White at Vegas Tech Fund, a seed stage investment fund that focuses on investing in founders and startups that solve huge problems — and who are committed to building a vibrant, connected tech community in downtown Las Vegas. We see an opportunity to create a City as an incubator and aim to invest in companies who share that vision and want to build on it. × 3950 S Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas, NV 89119 × What a table looks like × University Barcelona Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes, 585 08007 Barcelona × Messe-Berlin Fairgrounds -Messedamm 22, 14055 Berlin, Germany × The Metropolitan and Altman Buildings 135 W. 18th St., NYC (between 6th and 7th Avenues) × Wynn Las Vegas 3131 S. Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas NV × Get Agreement NAB × Get Agreement CE Week × Get Agreement MWC × Get Agreement CES × Get Agreement IFA × Selected Coverage IFA 2016 Selected coverage, ShowStoppers @ IFA 2016 80 companies, innovators and startups intro new gear, gadgets to nearly 1,000 journalists from around the world at ShowStoppers, official press event of IFA tradeshow in Berlin IHS Markit Announces Innovation Awards Winners at ShowStoppers at IFA in Berlin Dealerscope: UNBOXED: Aftershokz Trekz Titanium Headphones Engadget: I FA 2016That’s a Wrap Engadget: IFA 2016: All things mobile Verge: The da Vinci Mini is a cheap 3D printer for people who really want to own a 3D printer Today Show Australia: Trevor Long at IFA 2017 broadcasting LIVE on The Today Show Australia Today Show Australia: Live on the Today Show from Berlin with new gadgets for Christmas 2016 Wired: Für euch ausprobiert: Die Gadget-Highlights der IFA 2016 Engadget: Lenovo’s Yoga Book is part tablet, part sketch pad Engadget: Lenovo’s two new tablets include a lower-cost Surface Pro rival Forbes: IFA 2016 Key Analyst Takeaways Gear Diary: Lenovo Launches Amazing New Android and Windows Yoga Books; I Want One! Huffington Post: IFA 2016: New Tech in the Old World New York Times: If 1 Lens on a Phone Camera Is Good, Are 2 Better? Network World: Lenovo kicks off IFA with four new notebook/tablet offerings Wired: W e Love You, Absurd Gadgets That Rocket Us Into the Future USA Today: Slender Lenovo Yoga Book tabet lets you write with real ink Yahoo Tech: Oval TVs, smart kitchen hoods: top trends at IFA tech fair BBC: Samsung’s Big Recall – interview with Carolina Milanesi at IFA Slashgear: DJI Osmo Mobile hands-on: A stabilized bargain for the camera you always carry TechnoBuffalo: Kobo Aura One eReader hands-on: Amazon should copy these features Engadget: IFA 2016 showed us how far wearables have come Engadget: The best of the rest at IFA 2016 Slashgear: SlashGear’s Best of IFA 2016! ZDNet: All the hardware hightlights from this year’s IFA TechnoBuffalo: Yuneec Breeze drone first look: A kick-ass and affordable new drone TechRadar: With a bit of polish, IFA could emerge as a magnificent show Verge: The gadget market is alive and well at IFA, Europe’s biggest tech show TechRadar: TomTom’s new devices tread ground PCMag UK: Hands On With Lenovo’s Miix Laptops and Yoga Tablet TWICE: IFA 2016: Global CE Revenues Projected To Fall 5% in 2016 Engadget: IFA 2016 day zero: Selfie-phones and barista robots PocketNow: Lenovo Yoga 910 and Yoga Tab 3 Plus bring hi-res with low-impact form factors MSN: We get you the top gadgets announced at one of the biggest consumer electronics shows, IFA 2016 Philadelphia Inquirer: Gimzo Guy: Round of the best new watches and music devices AVING: ShowStoppers Press Event at IFA2016 PocketNow: Thin, screenful Lenovo Yoga Book runs on Android or Windows 10 MSN: Berlin’s IFA fair dons virtual reality headsets TechnoBuffalo: Lenovo Yoga book 910 Digital Trends: Misfit’s Ray will soon be sold in Apple stores, with exclusive Apple-y colors Computerblog.ro: Cum arată un smartwatch care ajunge la 1.500 de euro: Garmin Fenix Chronos Computerblog.ro: Logitech a prezentat la IFA Berlin noii mouși silențioși GadgetshowDaily: https://www.instagram.com/p/BJ8B66pjWoE/ Mobile Nations: The Yoga Book Is Too Cool For A Keyboard Hindustan Times: A gold-plated walkman or a ‘visionary’ notebook? Our top 10 tech must-haves Chip Chick: UDoq Review – Because Devices That Charge Together, Stay Together Dealerscope: WIR: IFA 2016 is a Game Changer RedBull.com: Apple iPhone7 and earpods – what you need to know Androidiani: Here One: Aperti i preordini Chip Chick: Samsung AddWash Front-Load Washer and Electric Dryer Review Chip Chick: Tile Lost and Found Trackers Will Soon Be Built Into Wallets and Purses CBS Radio: Security camera uses artificial intellgence to know if someone is an intruder CNET: Gadgets Galore Dealerscope: Key take aways from the IFA opening press conference Dealerscope: Booming Business in Berlin: An IFA 2016 Wrap Up AGDLab.pl: IFA 2016 – iRobot i inni, czyli porządek w domu bez kiwnięcia palcem BoyGeniusReview: Best of IFA 2016 Mako: סמרטוט חשמלי ומציאות מדומה: מהעודימציאו? Forbes: IFA 2016 Key Analyst Takeaways Indian Express: Market is moving from general purpose to scenario-based devices: Lenovo Chip Chick: Sen.se Launches SensePeanut, a New Line of Simple Smart Home Products Hearing Aid News: ReSound Strengthens Smart Hearing Portfolio with New Mini BTE Casadomo.com: D-Link mostró en IFA sus novedades en routers, cámaras y domótica Audiology Online: ReSound Strengthens Smart Hearing Portfolio with New Mini BTE Trusted Reviews: Withings Steel HR Yahoo News: Zagg debuts new headphones, chargers, screen protectors at IFA 2016 TechRadar: Hands on: Lenovo Ideacentre Y710 Cube review ETtech.com: 10 most interesting gadgets from IFA 2016 Economic Times: 5 most interesting gadgets from IFA 2016 Android Authority: Best of IFA 2016: From Android to Audio & Computing Mobile Today: IFA 2016: VR steals the show Chip Chick: Fossil Adds Some Beautiful New Hybrid Smartwatches to Their Q Line Portal der Wirtschaft: IFA-Erfolg: Großes Medien-Echo und UX Design Award für smarte Hörgeräte ReadWrite: TomTom announces three fitness wearables at IFA 2016 Digital Trends: Affordable laptops aren’t just ‘good enough’ anymore, they’re amazing Digital Trends: BEST MOBILE ACCESSORIES OF IFA 2016 Euronews: Home robots all the rage at IFA in Berlin CCTV-America: Berlin’s IFA trade show displays newest gadgets Verge: At IFA 2016, style trumped specs News.com.au: Five of the best gadgets launched at IFA 2016, from smartwatches to tablets you can write on theDroidReview.com: Video: UMi Max was presented at IFA 2016 in Berlin, Germany 17wh: 对不起，我一不小心都火到国外了  NoodIs-India: Plantronics unveils bold new Backbeat Fit colors at IFA 2016 Trade Mid East: ReSound® Returns to International Consumer Electronics Show to Feature Expanded Portfolio of Smart Hearing Aids Middle East News Wire Today: ReSound® Returns to International Consumer Electronics Show to Feature Expanded Portfolio of Smart Hearing Aids TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 299 IFA 2016 DAY 1: SHOWSTOPPERS TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 300 IFA 2016 DAY 2: CORDLESS VR AND THE BEST OF SAMSUNG TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 301 IFA 2016 DAY 3: AUF WIEDERSEHEN Digital Trends: A washer that kills germs in cold water and more cool laundry machines from IFA 2016 Legginotizie: Plantronics tra cinque nuovi colori e le prime cuffie ibride wireless BackBeat 1000 Palo.gr: Είδαμε το πανέμορφο activity smartwatch Garmin fenix Chronos (hands-on photos @ ShowStoppers / IFA 2016) Giga.de: udoq: Universelles Lade-Dock für Smartphones und Tablets im Hands-On-Video Sydney Morning Herald: IFA 2016: Lenovo’s Phab2 Pro brings Google’s Project Tango augmented reality to life ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Lenovo Reveal First Handset With Support For Google AR ChinaTopix: Lenovo Unveils Phab2 Pro Smartphone at IFA 2016 Featuring Google’s Project Tango Augmented Reality The TeCake: Lenovo unveils A Plus and P2 smartphone at IFA 2016 Gamenguide: IFA 2016 Latest News & Update: Lenovo A Plus Price, Specs & Release Date ABP Live: Lenovo launches P2 and A Plus smartphones at IFA 2016 ChinaTopix: Lenovo Officially Unveils Lenovo P2 and A Plus Smartphones at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Lenovo Debuts Pair Of New Smartphones PC-Tablet Media: IFA 2016: Lenovo Yoga 910 laptop, Yoga Tab 3 Plus and more announced ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Jabra Enters True Wireless Earbuds Arena With Elite Sport IndianExpress: Lenovo is number two smartphone brand by value in India: IDC Science World Report: Digital Trends Picks Top Tech From IFA 2016, Best Gadgets, Events IT Pro: IFA 2016: Tech that business professionals shouldn’t miss Manila Bulletin: AMD VR Ready processors showcased at IFA 2016 NDTV: Withings Steel HR Smartwatch With Heart Rate Sensor Launched Mashable: At IFA 2016, smart appliances and virtual reality take center stage USA Today: Cheaper phones, brighter TVs rule IFA tech show The Inquirer: What you missed in tech last week: IFA 2016, Note 7 recall, Dropbox hack Engadget: IFA 2016: The rose gold edition TWICE: 5 New Headphones Ready For A Lightning-Only iPhone 7 Digital Life: Είδαμε το πανέμορφο activity smartwatch Garmin fenix Chronos ConnexieB2B: Plantronics onthult nieuwe gewaagde kleuren voor BackBeat FIT HIAPK: 优必选科技领衔IFA电子展 展现中国优质产品实力 ComputerHoy: ShowStoppers: los mejores inventos en IFA 2016 India Dailymotion: ShowStoppers: los mejores inventos en IFA 2016 Elektro Market: Los auriculares de Plantronics dan color a IFA Hospodarske Noviny: To nejlepší z IFA: Televize sahají po dokonalosti a o nové počítače se můžete pořezat TouchIT: IFA 2016: Robot Windowmate umyje okná za vás Yahoo Japan: フォッシルが激オシャレ＆高性能なスマートウォッチを大量投入！ B Hatena: <IFA> Beyerdynamic, the DSP equipped aptX corresponding BT earphone “Byron BTA”, etc. – Phile-web Phileweb: ＜IFA＞ベイヤーダイナミック、DSP搭載のaptX対応BTイヤホン「Byron BTA」など Gizblog: IFA 2016: Udoq, docking station per tutti i dispositivi mobile TouchIT: IFA 2016: Panono je 360-stupňová kamera s rozlíšením 108MP (video) Naslovi.net: Selfi “manijaci”, radujte se! Mundo Digital/Ethevaldo: Gadgets lançados na IFA são encantadores Naslovi.net: Da više nikad ništa ne izgubite 88News: Plantronics enthüllt BackBeat FIT in aufregenden neuen Farben auf der IFA 2016 Indian Express: IFA 2016: Lenovo A Plus with 4.5-inch FWVGA display, 5MP camera launched DNA India: IFA 2016: Lenovo A Plus and Lenovo P2 smartphones unveiled Phone Radar: Lenovo P2 and A Plus Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 starting 69 Euros Dekh News: Lenovo K6 Series Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 Specification Features Price NDTV: All the big launches from IFA Berlin, summarised MSPoweruser: IFA 2016: Forget mobile, the PC is back, baby Digital Trends: 9 important trends at IFA that will shape the tech world this holiday season News247: Δέκα gadgets από την IFA που θέλεις να δεις Khaleej Times: The newest smartphones at IFA Berlin 2016 Express Tribune: Check out these eye-catching gizmos at the Berlin IFA fair Yahoo News: Mega tech fair IFA dives head-first into virtual reality Engadget: IFA 2016 day one: Battle-worn BB-8 and Acer’s new Chromebook Gadgets & Wearables: The hottest wearables of IFA 2016 Gearbrain: Eye-Tracking Laptops, a Robotic Elf And Tech That Lets You Take Calls With Your Finger Malay Mail Online: Waterproof gadgets make a splash at Berlin tech fair Digital Trends: Digital Trends Top Tech of IFA 2016 Award Winners CNBC: Five gadgets to make your home smarter The TeCake: New fitness tracker by TomTom goes live at IFA 2016 Mag Series: IFA 2016: TomTom presenta Curfer, Go e Vio News18: IFA 2016: TomTom Announces New Fitness Wearables, Updates Sports Watches Android Community: TomTom intros new GPS Sports Watches, fitness trackers at IFA 2016 Solo News: TomTom Runner 3, Spark 3 e Adventurer | Anteprima IFA 2016 NDTV: Lenovo A Plus, Lenovo P2 Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 TabTimes: Hands-on with the Lenovo Miix 510 at IFA 2016 Android Headlines: IFA 2016 Complete Wrap-Up: Everything You Need To Know Android Headlines: Best Of IFA 2016: Tablet, Chromebook & 2-in-1 Roundup News4c: Lenovo’s two new tablets to compete against Surface Pro SoloNews: IFA 2016: presentato Lenovo Miix 510, interessante tablet 2 in 1 Thurrot.com: HP Unveils New PCs at IFA 2016 – What The Tech Ep. 323 Ubergizmo: Ubergizmo’s Best of IFA 2016 TechRadar India: Fossil Q Wander Wired: We Love You, Absurd Gadgets That Rocket Us Into the Future Daily Sabah: Latest technology shown off at IFA Berlin trade fair PC Magazine: The Best Gadgets at IFA 2016 CNET: Here’s the coolest, most innovative and strangest tech we saw in Berlin ITWorld: A series of tubes: What’s next for home automation Mirror.co.uk: Smartwatches are going nowhere: Wearable technology takes centre stage at IFA 2016 Android Community: TomTom intros VIO and GO satnav devices at IFA in Berlin Rappler: At Berlin tech fair, waterproof gadgets make a splash Slashgear: SlashGear’s Best of IFA 2016! Slashgear: IFA 2016 Round-up: hands-on with the best – SlashGear Slashgear: Lenovo, Moto IFA 2016 teaser: different for the sake of better Slashgear: TomTom Spark 3, Runner 3 and Adventurer fitness GPS watches Slashgear: Withings Steel HR watch hands-on: classy heart rate time Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 2 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 3 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 5 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 4 Slashgear: IFA News & Live Coverage Slashgear: 3Doodler PRO gets into serious, professional business Slashgear: Neato Botvac D3 and D5 details: covering all bases Slashgear: Yuneec Breeze 4K selfie drone first-impressions Slashgear: ShowStoppers at IFA – SlashGear Slashgear: Wacom introduces Bamboo Slate and Folio smartpads, Bamboo Slashgear: Sen.se ThermoPeanut is a smart temp monitor for every nook Slashgear: TomTom VIO is a navigation display that uses your phone Slashgear: Lenovo Yoga Book goes on pre-order in the US Slashgear: DxO ONE iPhone camera add-on gets Wi-Fi remote, waterproof case Slashgear: TP-Link Neffos X1 and Neffos X1 Max are super thin smartphones Digital Trends: AMD’s latest deal with GlobalFoundries could help close the gap with Intel Enter Expo: Die Highlights der YouTuber | #IFA2016 Ubergizmo: New Sennheiser Headphones Launched At IFA 2016 Firstpost: IFA 2016: Sennheiser unveils new lineup of HD 2, HD 4 and HD 500 series headphones ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Sennheiser Brings High-End Audio To All Audiences Times of India: Sennheiser launches new headphones at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Sennheiser Team Up With GoPro TechRadar: TomTom’s new lineup of devices tread new ground Verge: This new 3D-printing pen draws with wood, copper, and bronze Times of India/Gadgets Now: HP Pavilion Wave, Elite Slice modular PC launched at IFA 2016 TechRadar: First look: HP Elite Slice NDTV: HDMI Alternate Mode Unveiled at IFA 2016 for USB Type-C to HDMI Cables TechRadar: Voice control lets you record on command with the Garmin VIRB Ultra 30 Sydney Morning Herald: IFA 2016: Plex live TV recording comes to Australia NDTV: Lenovo K6, K6 Power, and K6 Note Launched at IFA 2016 Times of India: Lenovo K6, K6 Power and K6 Note smartphones unveiled at IFA 2016 Times of India: Logitech M720 Triathlon Multi-Device mouse launched at IFA 2016 Gadget: IFA 2016: Lenovo unveils Yoga Book Which? Lenovo Yoga Book tablet – IFA 2016 first look review ETTelecom: IFA 2016: Lenovo unveils the Yoga Book, Motorola comes out with Z Play smartphone Engadget: IFA 2016 warm-up: Pet treats, smartwatches and more Which? Best smartphones of IFA 2016 Which? Best tech of IFA 2016 PC World: The weird, wild, and occasionally practical PC hardware of IFA 2016 Firstpost: Gear S3, Zenwatch, Predator 21X and more: IFA 2016 Day 1 Highlights CBS News: Smartwatches, keyboard-free laptops and more highlights from Europe’s biggest tech show BBC News: Smart home tech on show in Berlin Deutsche Welle: Home networking featured at IFA consumer electronics fair in Berlin Intopic: Il laptop da gaming HP Omen 17 presentato allo ShowStoppers di IFA 2016 Intopic: HP rinnova la linea per il gaming con il desktop Omen X Intopic: Withings Steel HR: il classico smartwatch dalle linee pulite con sensore HR PCMag Russia: PhotoFast представляет инновационный аксессуар — iType-C Dealerscope: Scenes from ShowStoppers at IFA 2016 Phile-Web: ＜IFA＞ゼンハイザーの新NC+BTヘッドホン「PXC 550」／ベイヤーからaptX HD対応ヘッドホン試作機 9to5Mac: Accessory makers race to launch new wireless & Lightning headphones ahead of iPhone 7 Yahoo News: The 5 biggest announcements from Lenovo’s IFA 2016 press conference Yahoo News: Lenovo’s IFA 2016 line-up includes a laptop with virtual keys and a supercharged 2-in-1 Indian Express: IFA 2016: Lenovo announces new YogaBook, Yoga 910, and more Neowin: Lenovo announces the Yoga 910 and the Miix 510 at IFA 2016 News18: Lenovo Announces a New Keyboard-Less Yoga Book at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Logitech Announces Trio Of New Mice NDTV: Logitech Unveils M720 Triathlon Multi-Device Mouse and Silent Mouse Series at IFA 2016 NotebookCheck: IFA 2016 | Lenovo: Convertible Yoga Book vorgestellt Engadget: We’re live from IFA 2016 in Berlin! NDTV: HP Pavilion Wave, Modular Elite Slice PCs Launched at IFA 2016 TechRadar: HP turns the desktop PC into a 360-degree sound system Verge: IFA 2016: the best laptops, tablets, and more The National: Eye-catching new gadgets as Berlin IFA warms up WTOP: IFA is back, and Berlin is ready Industry Week: Virtual Reality Gadgets Dominate Berlin Tech Show Deutsche Welle: IFA – good business with colorful screens Digital Trends: Hands-on: Lenovo Yoga 910 ABC News / AP: Samsung Updates Smartwatch, Lenovo Ditches Laptop Keyboard Chip Chick: Neato Makes Their Connected Vacuum Tech Cheaper With the Botvac D3 and D5 Chip Chick: The HP Elite Slice is a Tiny Stackable Office PC Chip Chick: The HP Pavilion Wave is a Desktop Computer That Thinks It’s a Speaker Chip Chick: Lenovo Gets Creative With the Chic Ultra-thin 2-in-1 Yoga Book Chip Chick: The Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 Has a Tougher Construction and a 4k Display Chip Chick: Lenovo’s Miix 510 is a Dead Ringer for the Microsoft Surface GadgetGear: IFA verwachtingen dag 2 Yahoo Finance: Day 1 in Berlin: Slick smartwatches, 360-degree speakers, and 4K Blu-ray Gorkana: IFA Berlin: what PRs need to know Elisberg: IFA Day One Huffington Post: IFA 2016: New Tech in the Old World TechRadar: Squeak no more: Logitech announces a silent mouse Wired.co.uk: Day one at IFA 2016: Stylish speakers, silent mice and Bluetooth trackers PC Magazine: What to Expect at IFA 2016 MobiPicker: AMD Will Be Present at IFA to Detail the Future of VR Yahoo News: Berlin’s IFA fair dons virtual reality headsets Dealerscope: Standouts from the Pre-IFA 2016 TechStars Dinner at Microsoft Berlin Euronews: The biggest consumer electronics fair hits Berlin Tech Times: IFA 2016: Smartphones, Wearables And Other Gadgets To Expect From Samsung, Sony, LG And more TechRadar: IFA 2016: What to expect from Samsung, Sony and more at Germany’s big tech show iSportsTimes.com: TOP 10 Most Anticipated Gadgets For The IFA 2016 iTech Post: All You Need To Know About This Year’s IFA Berlin Ubergizmo: IFA 2016: What To Expect Engadget: What to expect at this year’s IFA Yahoo News: What to expect from the epic tech extravaganza about to open in Berlin Mashable: One of the world’s biggest tech shows is about to begin DG News: Yuneec IFA 2016 neues smartes 4k-consumer-drohnen-highlight Nashville Chatter: IFA 2016 Event – 5 Devices to Expect from Berlin, Germany Daily News & Analysis: IFA 2016: Which Android smartphones and smartwatches to expect Free Malaysia Today: New-gen Android handsets and smartwatches in store for IFA 2016 Hexus: ADAM elements presents range at IFA 2016 and ShowStoppers What Hi-Fi? IFA 2016 preview: news, highlights and new products PhoneArena: IFA 2016: what to expect from Samsung, Sony and the rest TechnoBuffalo: New Sony smartphones, cameras and more teased in IFA invite Dealerscope: 7 Reasons I’m pumped for IFA PocketNow: Lenovo Yoga Tab 3 Plus 10 gets unofficial photoshoot, also spilling the specs beans 9to5Google: Huawei will launch Nova, Nova Plus smartphones, MediaPad M3 tablet at IFA CNET: Need a phone or refrigerator? Here’s what you’ll find at IFA Stuff: 6 Things we can’t wait to see at IFA TechCrunch: TechCrunch Podcast on IFA 2016 ReadWrite: Wearables cast a large shadow at IFA TechRadar India  IFA 2016: Here’s what we predict will show up at Germany’s biggest tech show Tom’s Guide  4 Reasons You Should Buy a 4K TV GearDiary  IFA Expands: CE China Set to Be the Premier Asian Consumer Electronics Trade Show GearDiary  DloDlo Glass V One Virtual Reality Glasses: Vaporwear? Or the World’s Smallest VR Headset? ChipChick  Want To Have Your Own Hello Kitty Washing Machine? You’re Probably Out of Luck ChipChick  Is China The New Frontier in Tech? IFA Is Betting On It Yahoo News  Drones, Apple clones, and a robot named Pudding at China’s first-ever CE Week Appliance Retailer  CE China makes debut Pocket-Lint  CE China: Bridging the divide in consumer electronics Korea Time  CE China to bridge global electronics firms, Chinese retailers Nigeria Today  IFA Consumer Electronics 2016 promises innovations, Korea Times  IFA seeks to boost electronics trade this year Korean Herald  IFA seeks to expand presence in China Korea JoongAng Daily  IFA prepares to launch first Asian event Korea Time  IFA 2016 to present newest IT trends, business opportunities AndroidPit  IFA 2016: all the latest news and updates × Selected Coverage MWC 2016 BBM Coming to Nokia X, Windows Phone Wall Street Journal MWC 2014: Vexia explains how it’s made a tiny phone with a huge screen at ShowStoppers Pocket Gamer Throw fruit and turn Kindle pages using only your eyes Wired.co.uk Tech Yeah! BlackBerry back to basics CNBC Agnitio demos simplicity of voice ID on a mobile device Software Industry News Eye Tribe ukázal ovládání očí na Androidu, stačí pouze infračervený vysílač Zive Carglass, Alessandro Tognola vince il Best Of Belron 2014 Automobili10 Global Mobile Awards at Mobile World Congress 2014 The Fonecast.com Next-generation in connected car technology, navigation previewed MotorwayAmerica ImageWare Systems Begins Test Phase With T-Systems, Germany Wall Street Journal MWC 2014 tutte le novità più curiose dallo ShowStoppers TVTech.it Mobile World Congress Features Connected Cars, Indoor Positioning GPS World MWC 2014: Eye Tribe for Android, Eye Input for Scrolling, Gaming ANewDomain a smartphone case that cleans your phone screen with nubby microfibers and kills 99 percent of microbes ANewDomain Apple iPhone Add-On: Olloclip 4-in-1 Photo Lens Amps Up (hands-on) ANewDomain Debutta al MWC la nuova Symmetry Series di OtterBox, la custodia che unisce protezione e stile Digital News Channel Blackberry’s Q20 Looks Great, But It Won’t Be In Australia For Half A Year Gizmodo BlackBerry Z3 spotted at MWC 2014 CNET Australia Wearable devices the new frontier Hindustan Times MWC Day 2 Briefs: AT&T, IBM, AppDirect, Cellebrite, Webroot, Twilio, MIPI Alliance, SAP AG Wireless Week BeeWi BBH202 : le casque Bluetooth (aptX) français qui se met en scène Qobuz.com #MWC14: BlackBerry At ShowStoppers Smashpipe Magazine [MWC 2014] OtterBox sbarca in Europa con una nuova linea di custodie [Video] iSpazio Opera Max, browser app designed to save your bandwidth Mobile88 Opera Max Is the Little App That Saves Your Bandwidth Webnuz BlackBerry Forges Ahead With Introduction of New Products, Services Nigeria Communications Week MWC 2014: BeeWi Bluetooth Devices Launch ANewDomain MWC 2014: Plantronics Debuts Voyager Edge, BackBeat FIT Headphones ANewDomain MWC 2014: ShowStoppers Event – Plantronics, Emporia, Garmin PocketPC.ch Mio Global to Showcase Word’s First Wrist-Worn Heart Rate Monitor Technology The International News Magazine Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First … DigitalJournal.com Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First-Ever Eye Tracker SDK For … IT News Online Yezz Andy A5QP CNET Yezz’s eight-core Andy A5QP will hit Europe in mid-march for 319 … CNET MWC 2014: The 5 most frivolous pieces of tech from ShowStoppers Pocket Gamer MWC 2014: Play Fruit Ninja with your eyes with the Eye Tribe Tracker Pocket Gamer MWC 2014: Mad Catz shows off its C.T.R.L.i for iOS devices and talks about future unconsole plans Pocket Gamer BlackBerry announces $200 smartphone, but emphasises security The Guardian BlackBerry details sub-$200 Z3, Q20 with trackpad and full keyboard Phonedog.com The Eye Tribe debuts first-ever eye tracker SDK for Android Computer News Middle East Galaxy S5, Nokia ‘Windroid,’ BlackBerry: The hype hits the fan InfoWorld MWC 2014 – BlackBerry Messenger arrive sur le Nokia X et Windows Phone CNET France BlackBerry Z3 και Q20: Επίσημα οι νέες προτάσεις της εταιρείας Techgear.gr BlackBerry to focus on enterprise, releases 2 mid-range phones, the Z3 and Q20 Fierce Wireless MWC: BlackBerry sends enterprise message with eBBM Gadget BlackBerry Z3 e Q20: touch e QWERTY per ritornare grandi Tom’s Hardware McAfee announces free Android, iOS protection IT Online Blackberry kündigt weiteres Smartphone mit Tastatur an | Frankfurter Neue Presse Frankfurter Neue Presse Mobile World Congress 2014, wearable tech en m’n iPhone is echt verouderd DutchCowboys Samsung Galaxy S5: Why I’m rooting for the little guys ZDNet Yezz Andy A5QP: Der Octa-Core-Pionier auf dem MWC 2014 Areamobile.de MWC 2014 tutte le novità più curiose dallo ShowStoppers Hardware Upgrade Habiliter l’avenir des appareils mobiles : The Eye Tribe révèle le premier SDK de suivi du regard pour Android au Mobile World Congress Pocket BlackBerry promete regresar a los teclados físicos con el Q20 – Qore Qore Sub-$200 BlackBerry Phone Coming in April From Foxconn CIO.com BlackBerry CEO Says Here to Compete, Regain Lost Ground CIO.com MWC 2014: dispositivo visual para uso industrial (vídeo) Computerworld Portugal BlackBerry-Revival: “Jeder liebt unsere Keyboards” Computerwelt MWC: Blackberry kündigt Touchscreen-Smartphone Z3 und Tastatur-Modell Q20 an ZDNet.de BlackBerry Z3, el modelo táctil más asequible con BlackBerry 10 Gadgets Tecnología y Electrónica 鸿海与Blackberry合作首款手机Z3亮相售价低于200美元 DigiTimes BlackBerry lifts lid on BES12, goes big on security and reliability TechRadar MWC 2014 – BlackBerry : 2 smartphones, un nouveau BES et BBM en version pro ZD Net.fr BlackBerry plans new ‘retro’ phone Independent.ie BlackBerry To Launch BES-12 And Other Enterprise Initiatives CXO Today.com BlackBerry showcases ‘affordable Z3’, Q20 at MWC Business Standard Vodafone partners with Opera software to launch Opera Web Pass in India The Economic Times McAfee Mobile Security solution for Android announced at MWC 2014 Hardware.Info België LOSTnFOUND präsentiert preisgekröntes Hilfssystem, das Demenzpatienten verfolgen kann Las Vegas Review-Journal AGNITiO Voice iD Awarded for Innovation and Design by Envisioneering at MWC Contact Center Solutions – TMCnet Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation And Design Award Winner (imageware Systems Inc) World News Navigon Garmin GPS pour Sony Xperia et Smartwatch 2 Hello Coton Opera Max skal halvere dataforbruket på mobilen E24 AirWatch Secure Content Locker bietet zusammen mit EyeVerify … APA OTS AirWatch Secure Content Locker to Integrate with EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification for Biometric … Sacramento Bee Ethertronics Further Revolutionizes the RF Front End with New … The Herald | HeraldOnline.com Mobile World Congress 2014 Day Zero Cult of Mac Lista degli espositori all’evento Showstoppers Techzilla.it ShowStoppers MWC 2014: il meglio della kermesse di Barcellona ridble AirWatch Secure Content Locker to Integrate with EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification for Biometric Protection of Secure Document Access Abc 27 Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First-Ever Eye Tracker SDK For Android At Mobile World Congress Abc 27 42 Wireless Leaders & Startups Mix History, Culture, New Products At Record-setting ShowStoppers Press Event In Barcelona TheStreet 42 Wireless Leaders & Startups Mix History, Culture, New Products At Record-setting ShowStoppers Press Event In Barcelona TheStreet ImageWare Systems Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation and Design Award Winner Announced for ShowStoppers@Mobile World Congress 2014 – Barcelona KSFY News AirWatch Secure Content Locker To Integrate With EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification For Biometric Protection Of Secure Document Access TheStreet LOSTnFOUND präsentiert preisgekröntes Hilfssystem, das Demenzpatienten verfolgen kann Northwest Cable News Mobile World Congress 2014 Day Zero [Liveblog Tech Investor News OtterBox Blends Protection and Style with New Symmetry Series at MWC HispanicBusiness.com LOSTnFOUND presents the award-winning assistance system that helps track dementia patients HardwareLogic Magellan’s Echo Smart Sports Watch Uses Nordic Semiconductor Chip to Stream Smartphone App Data for up to 11 Months Satellite Spotlight ImageWare Systems Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation and Design Award Winner Announced for ShowStoppers@Mobile World Congress 2014 – Barcelona IT News Online What mattered at Mobile World Congress day zero: Samsung Gear, Firefox phones, fierce convertible competition en.Parset.com MWC 2014: ShowStoppers Event – Plantronics, Emporia, Garmin PocketPC.ch LOSTnFOUND presents the award-winning assistance system that helps track dementia patients The Telegraph AirWatch Integrates IntelÂ® Device Protection Technology into its Comprehensive Security Platform for Enterprise Android Devices San Antonio Business Journal McAfee Delivers on Intel Vision of Free Mobile Security for Consumers iPhone News McAfee’s free antivirus app for Android hits the Google Play store TechRadar BlackBerry to bring BBM to Windows Phone and Nokia X Android platform V3.co.uk Avantgarde Acoustics展示Zero 1音响 小熊在线 AirWatch Integrates IntelA® Device Protection Technology Into Its Comprehensive Security Platform For Enterprise Android Devices TheStreet Opera browser debuts on Nokia X software platform Voice & data Online × Registration Criteria   ShowStoppers registration criteria for working press and industry analysts Showstoppers invites and admits only qualifying journalists working at print, TV and radio business, technology, consumer-electronics and consumer media; selected and qualifying bloggers; qualifying industry analysts; and qualifying members of investment banks and venture capital firms. Showstoppers is a private event. Showstoppers is an invitation-only event. Showstoppers events are NOT open to the public. A tradeshow press badge is NOT an invitation. A tradeshow press badge does NOT grant the holder automatic admission to Showstoppers. Showstoppers does NOT accept registrations with email addresses from yahoo.com, netzero.com, hotmail.com, and other free services that have nothing to do with a publication, TV or radio station. We require a publication-based email address. Showstoppers does NOT accept registrations with email addresses from msn.com, compuserve.com, aol.com and other generic services that have nothing to do with a publication, TV or radio station. We require a publication-based email address. Showstoppers reserves the right to require verification that you are working media. In some cases, we may ask you to provide a copy of a published article with your byline, a publication masthead listing you as a contributor or staff member, a video or audio tape, or a letter on official stationary from your publisher or broadcast producer. When in doubt, contact Steve at least TWO WEEKS prior to the event, or bring a copy of an article to on-site registration. Showstoppers reserves the right to refuse admission to anyone who does not comply with these policies. Showstoppers reserves the right to refuse admission to anyone who does not meet our press-qualification criteria. Broadcast teams Camera and recording crews are welcome to attend Showstoppers. Each member of the crew is required to register separately. Contact Steve to set this up. Online media & blogs Submit a link to an online masthead and an article with your byline that appeared within the past three months. Send this to Steve. Freelancers Submit a letter on letterhead from an editorial contact at a publication indicating that you are covering the tradeshow for that publication. Send this to Steve. User groups At the specific request of sponsors, Showstoppers events are NOT open to non-editorial members of User Groups. When in doubt When in doubt, email or send via USPS a copy of a RECENT article. When in doubt, bring a copy of a RECENT article to on-site registration. Send this to Steve. We will not admit At the request of our sponsors, Showstoppers events are NOT open to: Registrations that do not include a working URL. Registrations that do not include a working email address. Personal and non-press Web site writers, editors and/or creators. Personal and non-press Bloggers. Blogs and Web sites that exist only to aggregate and republish coverage that originates from other sources. Production companies. Boyfriends, girlfriends, significant others. About blogs Anyone can post a blog. Anyone can post to a blog. That does not make you a reporter, journalist or industry analyst. Just like driving fast does not make you a professional driver of race cars. × Selected Coverage CES 2016 Huffington Post: CES 2016: There’s No Place Like Ohm Forbes: OLED Displays Finally Go Mainstream As CES 2016 Bright Spot For Notebooks Engadget: Sex is back at CES GizWizBiz: Forget about carrying a bunch of chargers and cables when you travel. AV Nation: Connected 3: CES 2016 SF Gate: CES Has Become an Innovator’s Pre-Crowdfunding Launch Pad Forbes: HP Inc. Proved They Have Sustained Premium PC Prowess At CES 2016 Wall Street Journal: Truly Wireless Headphones but with a few strings attached Wall Street Journal: Does the world need a smarter umbrella? Huffington Post: CES 2016: A Tech Dream in the Desert Fox News: The best of CES 2016 BBC: CES 2016: Smart gadgets for all the family – and dog – BBC News Straits Times: Drawing another dimension CE: This Year’s Consumer Electronics Show in Perspective Consumer gadgets are finally getting connected and smart These Hush Smart Earplugs Are So Good, I Was Almost Able to Sleep at CES Sevenhugs Smart Remote aims to free your smartphone from connected-home duty New York Times: On Display at CES, Tech Ideas in Their Awkward Adolescence – NYTimes.com ChipChick: WowWee CHiP is the Robotic Dog We’ve Been Waiting For TechCrunch: 10 of the coolest gadgets we saw at CES 2016 Gizmodo: All the Gadgets at CES Look Like Sex Toys USA Today: Get your paws on the latest pet tech at CES 2016 Fortune: The Coolest Things We Saw at CES This Year Seattle Times/Bloomberg: 10 cool new things from CES 2016 Wired: The Universal Remote’s Secret Calling Is the Smart Home Wall Street Journal: Best of CES 2016: The Wondrous and Wacky Year Ahead in Gadgets – WSJ.com Nasdaq.com / TheStreet: Making Virtual Friends and Riding Fast Cars at CES in Las Vegas – Presented by: The Aol. On Network Media & Entertainment Technologies: Showstoppers brings OEMs to the product floor Soon, You’ll Be Able to Control Every Corner of Your Smart Homes with a Single Universal Remote | Builder Magazine What it’s like listening to a $50,000 pair of headphones USA Today: These earbuds could change the way you hear Remix OS is about to bring multi-window Android to your spare PC Hands-On With The Skully AR-1 Augmented Reality Motorcycle Helmet Tom’s Hardware: The QNAP TBS-453A Changes The NAS Game Straits Times: CES 2016: A look at this year’s coolest gear Engadget: The Skreens app puts all of your HDMI signals on one display Slashgear: Neeo hands-on: one smart remote to control them all – SlashGear Gottabemobile: Earin True Wireless Earbuds Impress at CES 2016 3DPrint: ROBO 3D Offers Comprehensive 3D Experience at CES 2016, Highlights New Printers & More | 3DPrint.com Yahoo News: Meet CleverPet, the Electronic Game That’s Like ‘Simon’ For Dogs AppleInsider: First Alert debuts IP camera, HomeKit-enabled Onelink products including, fire alarm, environment monitor & safe CNET: The most intriguing tech from Showstoppers at CES 2016 AppleInsider: CES ShowStoppers: Hackaball programmable toy, Fasetto Link mini NAS Forbes: The Five Most Disruptive Innovations at CES 2016 Australian: Handing pooches pause for thought CES ShowStoppers: Hackaball programmable toy, Fasetto Link mini NAS BUNews.com: Hydrogen Power: Not Just For Cars BUNews.com: Invitation Only: A Peek at Showstoppers Getty Images for Associated Press CES: Everything is becoming “smart” CES: Where even the showers are “smart” Making Virtual Friends and Riding Fast Cars at CES in Las Vegas Jabra Presents The Future Of Intelligent Audio FreeCast Unveils Game-Changing Select TV Box at CES 2016 ShowStoppers Major Media Event 3D Transformations with @Robo3dprinter R2 Mini #Showstoppers #CES2016 SKULLY showcases AR-1 helmet Active Edge debuts wearable technology with health benefits The Skreens app puts all of your HDMI signals on one display The Best of CES 2016 in Las Vegas Blueair says 2016 Will See Its Disruptive Indoor Air Purification Technologies Making Health Enhancing Breakthroughs Forget vinyl — better digital sound is on the way Jazz up your workout gear with these 11 awesome fitness wearables from CES 2016 http://www.avnation.tv/avnation-shows/connected/connected-3/ CleverPet: The First Game Console for Dogs Debuts at CES Smart Home and VR headline ShowStoppers LaunchIt CES 2016: Fiera – A Female Arousal Tool Everyone Should Get Excited About Tech Feature Mad Catz 10 Most Hardcore Gaming-Capable Android Tech at CES 2016 The Philadelphia Inquirer Jonathan Takiff column [The Philadelphia Inquirer] Gizmo Guy: Robot Heaven CES 2016: PIQ Multi-Sport Sensor Making Sense of Smart Home Tech at CES 2016 Sengled Showcases Award-Winning Products at 2016 Consumer Electronics Show (CES) Envisioneering selects 19 companies, 32 products for annual tech innovation awards CleverPet’s Game Console for Dogs Wins Day One of CES 2016. Amlin Andretti Brings Formula E Racing to Consumer Electronics Show Blueair’s smart indoor air monitoring, control and purification system removes health-sapping pollutants at home and work FFrench Company Aroma Therapeutics Launches Kickstarter Program in Conjunction with Opening of CES CES 2016 – Blueair Receives Three Prestigious Awards At The Biggest Consumer Electronics Show On Earth CES Always Has Jewels, Promises, Something for Everyone The laziest gadgets at the Consumer Electronics Show French startup revolution takes CES by storm Here are the products that helped me survive my first CES AfterMaster Honored With Three Prestigious Awards For Outstanding Innovation And Design At ShowStoppers During The 2016 CES Show Internet of things the easy way with wifithing. Wifithing launches open source internet of things platform Hands on with Wifithing https://www.digitalwallonia.be/en-direct-du-ces2016/ http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/envisioneering-selects-19-companies-32-products-fo http://funkykit.com/news/accessories/2141-revolutionary-code-free-iot-platform-taps-kickstarter-for-funding http://www.enostech.com/revolutionary-code-free-iot-platform-taps-kickstarter-for-funding/ http://www.macworld.com/video/61027/the-wifithing-promises-simple-iot-control-of-devices http://www.macitynet.it/ces-2016-wifithing-piattaforma-semplificare-linternet-delle-cose/ http://www.investorideas.com/news/2016/technology/01072.asp http://www.geeky-gadgets.com/new-wifithing-internet-of-things-hardware-requires-no-programming-12-01-2016/ http://energia.nu/blog/ https://twitter.com/HiTechchic/status/687481401734631424/photo/1 Major Drone Manufacturer Snaps Up Intelligent Energy’s Game-Changer for Drone Range [Flight Time] MacVoices #16046: ShowStoppers – STM Goes Beyond Bags To Pro… TWiT Live Specials 267 ShowStoppers 2016 | TWiT.TV AZTechBeat 3Plus Launches New Smartwatch and Connected Wearables at CES 2016 CES 2016: Owlet Smart Sock Wearable Baby Monitor ‘Simplehuman,’ Smart Mirror That Controls Brightness, Recognizing User’s Face Re-fuel Introduced Various Battery Devices HP Introduced Various Laptops, Including ‘Star Wars Special Edition Laptop’ Toughtested Showcased Outdoor Products, Optimized to Field Activity World Liberty TV Skully Introduced the World’s First AR Helmet Decibullz Introduced a Customized Earphone Smart Home and VR headline ShowStoppers LaunchIt Prismdesigns Introduced iPad Stylus Pen ‘REMORA’ and Charger ‘BASE’ HP Introduced Ink Change Service, ‘Instant Ink’ Primera presenta la impresora todo en uno Trio más pequeña y liviana del mundo 10 eye-opening ways virtual reality is being used (besides gaming) Actionproof’s ‘BOZON,’ Premium Silicon Charge Dock for Apple Watch Actionproof Introduced ‘The Bumper’ That Protects Apple Watch from External Shock HP unleashes a new and improved Sprout Pro for the classroom VR puts your eyes in another world; Sennheiser Ambeo brings your ears along 2016 CES Takeaway CES 2016 – Blueair Receives Three Prestigious Awards At The Biggest Consumer Electronics Show On Earth × Request Press Kit as Zip File Send us mail Name * E-Mail * Subject * Message * × Analytics powered by GoStats Scroll to top
Love Celebs Beauty Style Most Fascinating Subscribe Give a Gift Digital Editions Follow Celebrities & Entertainment Back Celebrities & Entertainment Celeb News Celebs TV Movies Books Music Beauty & Style Back Beauty & Style Beauty & Style News Beauty Advice Beauty How Tos Style Style How Tos Cosmo Beauty Closet Politics College Career Health & Fitness Back Health & Fitness Health & Fitness How Tos Food & Cocktails Sex & Relationships Back Sex & Relationships Sex News Cosmo Confessions Sex Positions Sex Tips Guys Weddings Bedroom Blog Parenting Cosmo For Latinas Horoscopes Lenny Letter All News All Videos Subscribe Back Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give A Gift Newsletter Follow Back Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Youtube Tumblr Promotions Win Type keyword(s) to search Today's Top Stories 1 Lauren Conrad Announces Pregnancy on the 'Gram 2 13 Beauty Buys to Treat Yourself to This Year Created For From Cosmopolitan For Created By Cosmopolitan For Paco Rabanne 3 See How Celebrities Are Ringing in the New Year 4 You Can See All of America With a $213 Train Trip 5 Mean Girls the Musical Has Premiere Date Pizza Is Proven to Increase Productivity at Work More Than Money Can't say no to that cheesy goodness. Sep 01, 2016 What could be a bigger motivator than crisp, green dollar bills in the workplace? Obviously, the melty cheesiness of pizza. In his new book, Payoff: The Hidden Logic That Shapes Our Motivations, Duke University psychology professor Dan Ariely detailed a study that involved employees at an Intel factory in Israel. Participants received one of three messages that promised them pizza, compliments, or a cash bonus if they assembled a certain amount of computer chips that day; there was also a group that received no message which served as the control. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below The first day, pizza was the top motivator, increasing productivity by 6.7 percent over the control group; compliment was close behind at 6.6 percent, while the cash bonus (approximately $30) trailed considerably behind at 4.9 percent. It only got more interesting as the experiment continued; those who were promised a cash bonus performed 13.2 percent worse than those in the control group on the second day. Overall, compliments turned out to be the best motivator, though Ariely believes that pizza would have won out had he had it his way — deliver the pizza at home to any winning employee. "This way … we not only would give them a gift, but we would also make them heroes in the eyes of their families," he wrote in the book. Of course, fair pay and a living wage is absolutely essential, but pizza is the tool you need to finally rule the world. From: Esquire Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Share Tweet Email More From Celebrities & Entertainment Here's Why Camila Sang With 5H on NYE Billie Lourd Breaks Her Silence Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Blake Lively Shares a "Traveling Pants" Reunion JLo Threw Shade at Mariah Carey NYE Performance Mel C and Victoria Beckham Sing "2 Become 1" Mariah Carey's Team Says She Was Sabotaged on NYE Dream's New Year's Eve Pictures Who Said It: Donald Trump or Justin Bieber? Mean Girls the Musical Has Premiere Date Trump Tweeted New Year's Message to His "Enemies" Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Celebrities & Entertainment Ask This Guapo: I Make More Money Than My Boyfriend Beyoncé Made More Money This Year Than You Can Even Imagine Young Women Make More Money Than Men in These 15 Fields Champion Thief Stole More Than $3,000 of Provolone From Pizza Parlor Why Working Less Will Make You More Productive More Than 200 Women Claim Wen Hair Products Caused Baldness Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Cosmo Books Work For Cosmo Become A Cosmo Intern Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Share Tweet Email
Facebook Twitter Youtube Admin Our Events ShowStoppers @ CES 2017 Snapshot Pro ShowStoppers @ MWC 2017 ShowStoppers @ CE Week 2017 ShowStoppers @ NAB 2017 ShowStoppers @ IFA 2017 ShowStoppers @ MWC Americas 2017 Press About Us Search Blog - Latest News You are here: Home / IFA 2016 / YUNEEC presents must-have gadget of the year YUNEEC presents must-have gadget of the year September 1, 2016/in IFA 2016 /by Steve YUNEEC präsentiert Must-Have-Gadget des Jahres Der neue Breeze von YUNEEC eröffnet ein vollkommen neues Multikopter-Segment. Ausgestattet mit einer hochwertigen 4K-Kamera und einem state-of-the-art Umbrella-Fotochipsatz lassen sich mit dem Breeze Film- und Videoaufnahmen anfertigen, die einer Premium ActionCam in nichts nachstehen. Durch ihre geringe Größe ist diese fliegende Kamera eine ausgewiesene Selfie-Drohne zum immer-dabei-haben. Mit seinen fortschrittlichen Flugmodi Selfie, Journey, Orbit, Pilot und Follow me lassen sich wunderschöne Kameraflüge und eindrucksvolle Verfolgeraufnahmen anfertigen. Dank praktischer Steuerung via Smartphone (iOS/Android) können Nutzer ihre Bilder und Videos nicht nur spielend leicht aufnehmen, sondern auch ganz einfach direkt über die Breeze App in den Sozialen Medien teilen. Der Breeze von YUNEEC überwindet klassische Genregrenzen und spannt den Bogen vom trendigen Fashion Accessoire über die hochwertige Selfie-Drohne hin zum Must-Have-Gadget des Jahres. Erleben Sie den Breeze als einer der Ersten beim exklusiven ShowStoppers@IFA-Event und auf der IFA selbst! — YUNEEC presents must-have gadget of the year The new Breeze by YUNEEC opens an entirely new multicopter segment. Equipped with a high-quality 4K camera and a state-of-the-art Umbrella photo chip set users can record photos and videos that can be compared with a premium action camera. Due to its small size this flying camera is a proven selfie drone to take everywhere. With its advanced flight modes Selfie, Journey, Orbit, Pilot und Follow Me users can take impressive shots. Thanks to the easy to use control via smartphone (iOS/Android) and premium 4K UHD camera the users are not only able to record videos and take pictures like a breeze but also share them via social media. The Breeze by YUNEEC overcomes classic genre boundaries and is not just a trendy fashion accessory but a high-quality selfie drone and the must-have gadget of the year. Experience Breeze as one of the first at the exclusive ShowStoppers@IFA Event and on the IFA! Tags: Yuneec Share this entry Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Share on Linkedin Share on Tumblr Share on Vk Share on Reddit Share by Mail http://www.showstoppers.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/ShowStoppers-logo-fix-up-2.png 0 0 Steve http://www.showstoppers.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/ShowStoppers-logo-fix-up-2.png Steve2016-09-01 16:00:472016-08-23 14:57:14YUNEEC presents must-have gadget of the year Recent Posts Are you looking for the hottest startups at CES 2017? IHS Markit to Judge Tech Innovators, Innovations at CES in Las Vegas ZTE Set to Bring Breath-taking Audio to IFA 2016 ShowStoppers launches new press event concurrent with Mobile World Congress Americas 80 companies, innovators and startups intro new gear, gadgets to nearly 1,000 journalists from around the world at ShowStoppers, official press event of IFA tradeshow in Berlin Connect with Us Contact Us ShowStoppers LLC View Contacts (440) 914-9500 5401 Naiman Parkway Cleveland, OH 44139 ADAM elements Launches an Array of New Mobile Gadgets, Designed for a Truly... Pure Monster Sound – You Have To Hear It To Believe It! Get Agreement MWC Americas × × Get Agreement CTIA × Mark Brennan Principal at Brennan Capital Partners — and an entrepreneurial consultant who specializes in providing both strategic & operations management consulting services to client companies. Client companies are typically seed/early stage ventures located in the southwest region of the US. Often takes an equity position in the client company in addition to fees to more closely align interests with outcomes. Active entrepreneur & private equity/angel investor since 1994. Have personally founded and operated several companies since 1994 and have experienced successful exits. × Andy White Andy White at Vegas Tech Fund, a seed stage investment fund that focuses on investing in founders and startups that solve huge problems — and who are committed to building a vibrant, connected tech community in downtown Las Vegas. We see an opportunity to create a City as an incubator and aim to invest in companies who share that vision and want to build on it. × 3950 S Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas, NV 89119 × What a table looks like × University Barcelona Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes, 585 08007 Barcelona × Messe-Berlin Fairgrounds -Messedamm 22, 14055 Berlin, Germany × The Metropolitan and Altman Buildings 135 W. 18th St., NYC (between 6th and 7th Avenues) × Wynn Las Vegas 3131 S. Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas NV × Get Agreement NAB × Get Agreement CE Week × Get Agreement MWC × Get Agreement CES × Get Agreement IFA × Selected Coverage IFA 2016 Selected coverage, ShowStoppers @ IFA 2016 80 companies, innovators and startups intro new gear, gadgets to nearly 1,000 journalists from around the world at ShowStoppers, official press event of IFA tradeshow in Berlin IHS Markit Announces Innovation Awards Winners at ShowStoppers at IFA in Berlin Dealerscope: UNBOXED: Aftershokz Trekz Titanium Headphones Engadget: I FA 2016That’s a Wrap Engadget: IFA 2016: All things mobile Verge: The da Vinci Mini is a cheap 3D printer for people who really want to own a 3D printer Today Show Australia: Trevor Long at IFA 2017 broadcasting LIVE on The Today Show Australia Today Show Australia: Live on the Today Show from Berlin with new gadgets for Christmas 2016 Wired: Für euch ausprobiert: Die Gadget-Highlights der IFA 2016 Engadget: Lenovo’s Yoga Book is part tablet, part sketch pad Engadget: Lenovo’s two new tablets include a lower-cost Surface Pro rival Forbes: IFA 2016 Key Analyst Takeaways Gear Diary: Lenovo Launches Amazing New Android and Windows Yoga Books; I Want One! Huffington Post: IFA 2016: New Tech in the Old World New York Times: If 1 Lens on a Phone Camera Is Good, Are 2 Better? Network World: Lenovo kicks off IFA with four new notebook/tablet offerings Wired: W e Love You, Absurd Gadgets That Rocket Us Into the Future USA Today: Slender Lenovo Yoga Book tabet lets you write with real ink Yahoo Tech: Oval TVs, smart kitchen hoods: top trends at IFA tech fair BBC: Samsung’s Big Recall – interview with Carolina Milanesi at IFA Slashgear: DJI Osmo Mobile hands-on: A stabilized bargain for the camera you always carry TechnoBuffalo: Kobo Aura One eReader hands-on: Amazon should copy these features Engadget: IFA 2016 showed us how far wearables have come Engadget: The best of the rest at IFA 2016 Slashgear: SlashGear’s Best of IFA 2016! ZDNet: All the hardware hightlights from this year’s IFA TechnoBuffalo: Yuneec Breeze drone first look: A kick-ass and affordable new drone TechRadar: With a bit of polish, IFA could emerge as a magnificent show Verge: The gadget market is alive and well at IFA, Europe’s biggest tech show TechRadar: TomTom’s new devices tread ground PCMag UK: Hands On With Lenovo’s Miix Laptops and Yoga Tablet TWICE: IFA 2016: Global CE Revenues Projected To Fall 5% in 2016 Engadget: IFA 2016 day zero: Selfie-phones and barista robots PocketNow: Lenovo Yoga 910 and Yoga Tab 3 Plus bring hi-res with low-impact form factors MSN: We get you the top gadgets announced at one of the biggest consumer electronics shows, IFA 2016 Philadelphia Inquirer: Gimzo Guy: Round of the best new watches and music devices AVING: ShowStoppers Press Event at IFA2016 PocketNow: Thin, screenful Lenovo Yoga Book runs on Android or Windows 10 MSN: Berlin’s IFA fair dons virtual reality headsets TechnoBuffalo: Lenovo Yoga book 910 Digital Trends: Misfit’s Ray will soon be sold in Apple stores, with exclusive Apple-y colors Computerblog.ro: Cum arată un smartwatch care ajunge la 1.500 de euro: Garmin Fenix Chronos Computerblog.ro: Logitech a prezentat la IFA Berlin noii mouși silențioși GadgetshowDaily: https://www.instagram.com/p/BJ8B66pjWoE/ Mobile Nations: The Yoga Book Is Too Cool For A Keyboard Hindustan Times: A gold-plated walkman or a ‘visionary’ notebook? Our top 10 tech must-haves Chip Chick: UDoq Review – Because Devices That Charge Together, Stay Together Dealerscope: WIR: IFA 2016 is a Game Changer RedBull.com: Apple iPhone7 and earpods – what you need to know Androidiani: Here One: Aperti i preordini Chip Chick: Samsung AddWash Front-Load Washer and Electric Dryer Review Chip Chick: Tile Lost and Found Trackers Will Soon Be Built Into Wallets and Purses CBS Radio: Security camera uses artificial intellgence to know if someone is an intruder CNET: Gadgets Galore Dealerscope: Key take aways from the IFA opening press conference Dealerscope: Booming Business in Berlin: An IFA 2016 Wrap Up AGDLab.pl: IFA 2016 – iRobot i inni, czyli porządek w domu bez kiwnięcia palcem BoyGeniusReview: Best of IFA 2016 Mako: סמרטוט חשמלי ומציאות מדומה: מהעודימציאו? Forbes: IFA 2016 Key Analyst Takeaways Indian Express: Market is moving from general purpose to scenario-based devices: Lenovo Chip Chick: Sen.se Launches SensePeanut, a New Line of Simple Smart Home Products Hearing Aid News: ReSound Strengthens Smart Hearing Portfolio with New Mini BTE Casadomo.com: D-Link mostró en IFA sus novedades en routers, cámaras y domótica Audiology Online: ReSound Strengthens Smart Hearing Portfolio with New Mini BTE Trusted Reviews: Withings Steel HR Yahoo News: Zagg debuts new headphones, chargers, screen protectors at IFA 2016 TechRadar: Hands on: Lenovo Ideacentre Y710 Cube review ETtech.com: 10 most interesting gadgets from IFA 2016 Economic Times: 5 most interesting gadgets from IFA 2016 Android Authority: Best of IFA 2016: From Android to Audio & Computing Mobile Today: IFA 2016: VR steals the show Chip Chick: Fossil Adds Some Beautiful New Hybrid Smartwatches to Their Q Line Portal der Wirtschaft: IFA-Erfolg: Großes Medien-Echo und UX Design Award für smarte Hörgeräte ReadWrite: TomTom announces three fitness wearables at IFA 2016 Digital Trends: Affordable laptops aren’t just ‘good enough’ anymore, they’re amazing Digital Trends: BEST MOBILE ACCESSORIES OF IFA 2016 Euronews: Home robots all the rage at IFA in Berlin CCTV-America: Berlin’s IFA trade show displays newest gadgets Verge: At IFA 2016, style trumped specs News.com.au: Five of the best gadgets launched at IFA 2016, from smartwatches to tablets you can write on theDroidReview.com: Video: UMi Max was presented at IFA 2016 in Berlin, Germany 17wh: 对不起，我一不小心都火到国外了  NoodIs-India: Plantronics unveils bold new Backbeat Fit colors at IFA 2016 Trade Mid East: ReSound® Returns to International Consumer Electronics Show to Feature Expanded Portfolio of Smart Hearing Aids Middle East News Wire Today: ReSound® Returns to International Consumer Electronics Show to Feature Expanded Portfolio of Smart Hearing Aids TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 299 IFA 2016 DAY 1: SHOWSTOPPERS TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 300 IFA 2016 DAY 2: CORDLESS VR AND THE BEST OF SAMSUNG TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 301 IFA 2016 DAY 3: AUF WIEDERSEHEN Digital Trends: A washer that kills germs in cold water and more cool laundry machines from IFA 2016 Legginotizie: Plantronics tra cinque nuovi colori e le prime cuffie ibride wireless BackBeat 1000 Palo.gr: Είδαμε το πανέμορφο activity smartwatch Garmin fenix Chronos (hands-on photos @ ShowStoppers / IFA 2016) Giga.de: udoq: Universelles Lade-Dock für Smartphones und Tablets im Hands-On-Video Sydney Morning Herald: IFA 2016: Lenovo’s Phab2 Pro brings Google’s Project Tango augmented reality to life ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Lenovo Reveal First Handset With Support For Google AR ChinaTopix: Lenovo Unveils Phab2 Pro Smartphone at IFA 2016 Featuring Google’s Project Tango Augmented Reality The TeCake: Lenovo unveils A Plus and P2 smartphone at IFA 2016 Gamenguide: IFA 2016 Latest News & Update: Lenovo A Plus Price, Specs & Release Date ABP Live: Lenovo launches P2 and A Plus smartphones at IFA 2016 ChinaTopix: Lenovo Officially Unveils Lenovo P2 and A Plus Smartphones at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Lenovo Debuts Pair Of New Smartphones PC-Tablet Media: IFA 2016: Lenovo Yoga 910 laptop, Yoga Tab 3 Plus and more announced ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Jabra Enters True Wireless Earbuds Arena With Elite Sport IndianExpress: Lenovo is number two smartphone brand by value in India: IDC Science World Report: Digital Trends Picks Top Tech From IFA 2016, Best Gadgets, Events IT Pro: IFA 2016: Tech that business professionals shouldn’t miss Manila Bulletin: AMD VR Ready processors showcased at IFA 2016 NDTV: Withings Steel HR Smartwatch With Heart Rate Sensor Launched Mashable: At IFA 2016, smart appliances and virtual reality take center stage USA Today: Cheaper phones, brighter TVs rule IFA tech show The Inquirer: What you missed in tech last week: IFA 2016, Note 7 recall, Dropbox hack Engadget: IFA 2016: The rose gold edition TWICE: 5 New Headphones Ready For A Lightning-Only iPhone 7 Digital Life: Είδαμε το πανέμορφο activity smartwatch Garmin fenix Chronos ConnexieB2B: Plantronics onthult nieuwe gewaagde kleuren voor BackBeat FIT HIAPK: 优必选科技领衔IFA电子展 展现中国优质产品实力 ComputerHoy: ShowStoppers: los mejores inventos en IFA 2016 India Dailymotion: ShowStoppers: los mejores inventos en IFA 2016 Elektro Market: Los auriculares de Plantronics dan color a IFA Hospodarske Noviny: To nejlepší z IFA: Televize sahají po dokonalosti a o nové počítače se můžete pořezat TouchIT: IFA 2016: Robot Windowmate umyje okná za vás Yahoo Japan: フォッシルが激オシャレ＆高性能なスマートウォッチを大量投入！ B Hatena: <IFA> Beyerdynamic, the DSP equipped aptX corresponding BT earphone “Byron BTA”, etc. – Phile-web Phileweb: ＜IFA＞ベイヤーダイナミック、DSP搭載のaptX対応BTイヤホン「Byron BTA」など Gizblog: IFA 2016: Udoq, docking station per tutti i dispositivi mobile TouchIT: IFA 2016: Panono je 360-stupňová kamera s rozlíšením 108MP (video) Naslovi.net: Selfi “manijaci”, radujte se! Mundo Digital/Ethevaldo: Gadgets lançados na IFA são encantadores Naslovi.net: Da više nikad ništa ne izgubite 88News: Plantronics enthüllt BackBeat FIT in aufregenden neuen Farben auf der IFA 2016 Indian Express: IFA 2016: Lenovo A Plus with 4.5-inch FWVGA display, 5MP camera launched DNA India: IFA 2016: Lenovo A Plus and Lenovo P2 smartphones unveiled Phone Radar: Lenovo P2 and A Plus Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 starting 69 Euros Dekh News: Lenovo K6 Series Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 Specification Features Price NDTV: All the big launches from IFA Berlin, summarised MSPoweruser: IFA 2016: Forget mobile, the PC is back, baby Digital Trends: 9 important trends at IFA that will shape the tech world this holiday season News247: Δέκα gadgets από την IFA που θέλεις να δεις Khaleej Times: The newest smartphones at IFA Berlin 2016 Express Tribune: Check out these eye-catching gizmos at the Berlin IFA fair Yahoo News: Mega tech fair IFA dives head-first into virtual reality Engadget: IFA 2016 day one: Battle-worn BB-8 and Acer’s new Chromebook Gadgets & Wearables: The hottest wearables of IFA 2016 Gearbrain: Eye-Tracking Laptops, a Robotic Elf And Tech That Lets You Take Calls With Your Finger Malay Mail Online: Waterproof gadgets make a splash at Berlin tech fair Digital Trends: Digital Trends Top Tech of IFA 2016 Award Winners CNBC: Five gadgets to make your home smarter The TeCake: New fitness tracker by TomTom goes live at IFA 2016 Mag Series: IFA 2016: TomTom presenta Curfer, Go e Vio News18: IFA 2016: TomTom Announces New Fitness Wearables, Updates Sports Watches Android Community: TomTom intros new GPS Sports Watches, fitness trackers at IFA 2016 Solo News: TomTom Runner 3, Spark 3 e Adventurer | Anteprima IFA 2016 NDTV: Lenovo A Plus, Lenovo P2 Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 TabTimes: Hands-on with the Lenovo Miix 510 at IFA 2016 Android Headlines: IFA 2016 Complete Wrap-Up: Everything You Need To Know Android Headlines: Best Of IFA 2016: Tablet, Chromebook & 2-in-1 Roundup News4c: Lenovo’s two new tablets to compete against Surface Pro SoloNews: IFA 2016: presentato Lenovo Miix 510, interessante tablet 2 in 1 Thurrot.com: HP Unveils New PCs at IFA 2016 – What The Tech Ep. 323 Ubergizmo: Ubergizmo’s Best of IFA 2016 TechRadar India: Fossil Q Wander Wired: We Love You, Absurd Gadgets That Rocket Us Into the Future Daily Sabah: Latest technology shown off at IFA Berlin trade fair PC Magazine: The Best Gadgets at IFA 2016 CNET: Here’s the coolest, most innovative and strangest tech we saw in Berlin ITWorld: A series of tubes: What’s next for home automation Mirror.co.uk: Smartwatches are going nowhere: Wearable technology takes centre stage at IFA 2016 Android Community: TomTom intros VIO and GO satnav devices at IFA in Berlin Rappler: At Berlin tech fair, waterproof gadgets make a splash Slashgear: SlashGear’s Best of IFA 2016! Slashgear: IFA 2016 Round-up: hands-on with the best – SlashGear Slashgear: Lenovo, Moto IFA 2016 teaser: different for the sake of better Slashgear: TomTom Spark 3, Runner 3 and Adventurer fitness GPS watches Slashgear: Withings Steel HR watch hands-on: classy heart rate time Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 2 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 3 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 5 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 4 Slashgear: IFA News & Live Coverage Slashgear: 3Doodler PRO gets into serious, professional business Slashgear: Neato Botvac D3 and D5 details: covering all bases Slashgear: Yuneec Breeze 4K selfie drone first-impressions Slashgear: ShowStoppers at IFA – SlashGear Slashgear: Wacom introduces Bamboo Slate and Folio smartpads, Bamboo Slashgear: Sen.se ThermoPeanut is a smart temp monitor for every nook Slashgear: TomTom VIO is a navigation display that uses your phone Slashgear: Lenovo Yoga Book goes on pre-order in the US Slashgear: DxO ONE iPhone camera add-on gets Wi-Fi remote, waterproof case Slashgear: TP-Link Neffos X1 and Neffos X1 Max are super thin smartphones Digital Trends: AMD’s latest deal with GlobalFoundries could help close the gap with Intel Enter Expo: Die Highlights der YouTuber | #IFA2016 Ubergizmo: New Sennheiser Headphones Launched At IFA 2016 Firstpost: IFA 2016: Sennheiser unveils new lineup of HD 2, HD 4 and HD 500 series headphones ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Sennheiser Brings High-End Audio To All Audiences Times of India: Sennheiser launches new headphones at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Sennheiser Team Up With GoPro TechRadar: TomTom’s new lineup of devices tread new ground Verge: This new 3D-printing pen draws with wood, copper, and bronze Times of India/Gadgets Now: HP Pavilion Wave, Elite Slice modular PC launched at IFA 2016 TechRadar: First look: HP Elite Slice NDTV: HDMI Alternate Mode Unveiled at IFA 2016 for USB Type-C to HDMI Cables TechRadar: Voice control lets you record on command with the Garmin VIRB Ultra 30 Sydney Morning Herald: IFA 2016: Plex live TV recording comes to Australia NDTV: Lenovo K6, K6 Power, and K6 Note Launched at IFA 2016 Times of India: Lenovo K6, K6 Power and K6 Note smartphones unveiled at IFA 2016 Times of India: Logitech M720 Triathlon Multi-Device mouse launched at IFA 2016 Gadget: IFA 2016: Lenovo unveils Yoga Book Which? Lenovo Yoga Book tablet – IFA 2016 first look review ETTelecom: IFA 2016: Lenovo unveils the Yoga Book, Motorola comes out with Z Play smartphone Engadget: IFA 2016 warm-up: Pet treats, smartwatches and more Which? Best smartphones of IFA 2016 Which? Best tech of IFA 2016 PC World: The weird, wild, and occasionally practical PC hardware of IFA 2016 Firstpost: Gear S3, Zenwatch, Predator 21X and more: IFA 2016 Day 1 Highlights CBS News: Smartwatches, keyboard-free laptops and more highlights from Europe’s biggest tech show BBC News: Smart home tech on show in Berlin Deutsche Welle: Home networking featured at IFA consumer electronics fair in Berlin Intopic: Il laptop da gaming HP Omen 17 presentato allo ShowStoppers di IFA 2016 Intopic: HP rinnova la linea per il gaming con il desktop Omen X Intopic: Withings Steel HR: il classico smartwatch dalle linee pulite con sensore HR PCMag Russia: PhotoFast представляет инновационный аксессуар — iType-C Dealerscope: Scenes from ShowStoppers at IFA 2016 Phile-Web: ＜IFA＞ゼンハイザーの新NC+BTヘッドホン「PXC 550」／ベイヤーからaptX HD対応ヘッドホン試作機 9to5Mac: Accessory makers race to launch new wireless & Lightning headphones ahead of iPhone 7 Yahoo News: The 5 biggest announcements from Lenovo’s IFA 2016 press conference Yahoo News: Lenovo’s IFA 2016 line-up includes a laptop with virtual keys and a supercharged 2-in-1 Indian Express: IFA 2016: Lenovo announces new YogaBook, Yoga 910, and more Neowin: Lenovo announces the Yoga 910 and the Miix 510 at IFA 2016 News18: Lenovo Announces a New Keyboard-Less Yoga Book at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Logitech Announces Trio Of New Mice NDTV: Logitech Unveils M720 Triathlon Multi-Device Mouse and Silent Mouse Series at IFA 2016 NotebookCheck: IFA 2016 | Lenovo: Convertible Yoga Book vorgestellt Engadget: We’re live from IFA 2016 in Berlin! NDTV: HP Pavilion Wave, Modular Elite Slice PCs Launched at IFA 2016 TechRadar: HP turns the desktop PC into a 360-degree sound system Verge: IFA 2016: the best laptops, tablets, and more The National: Eye-catching new gadgets as Berlin IFA warms up WTOP: IFA is back, and Berlin is ready Industry Week: Virtual Reality Gadgets Dominate Berlin Tech Show Deutsche Welle: IFA – good business with colorful screens Digital Trends: Hands-on: Lenovo Yoga 910 ABC News / AP: Samsung Updates Smartwatch, Lenovo Ditches Laptop Keyboard Chip Chick: Neato Makes Their Connected Vacuum Tech Cheaper With the Botvac D3 and D5 Chip Chick: The HP Elite Slice is a Tiny Stackable Office PC Chip Chick: The HP Pavilion Wave is a Desktop Computer That Thinks It’s a Speaker Chip Chick: Lenovo Gets Creative With the Chic Ultra-thin 2-in-1 Yoga Book Chip Chick: The Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 Has a Tougher Construction and a 4k Display Chip Chick: Lenovo’s Miix 510 is a Dead Ringer for the Microsoft Surface GadgetGear: IFA verwachtingen dag 2 Yahoo Finance: Day 1 in Berlin: Slick smartwatches, 360-degree speakers, and 4K Blu-ray Gorkana: IFA Berlin: what PRs need to know Elisberg: IFA Day One Huffington Post: IFA 2016: New Tech in the Old World TechRadar: Squeak no more: Logitech announces a silent mouse Wired.co.uk: Day one at IFA 2016: Stylish speakers, silent mice and Bluetooth trackers PC Magazine: What to Expect at IFA 2016 MobiPicker: AMD Will Be Present at IFA to Detail the Future of VR Yahoo News: Berlin’s IFA fair dons virtual reality headsets Dealerscope: Standouts from the Pre-IFA 2016 TechStars Dinner at Microsoft Berlin Euronews: The biggest consumer electronics fair hits Berlin Tech Times: IFA 2016: Smartphones, Wearables And Other Gadgets To Expect From Samsung, Sony, LG And more TechRadar: IFA 2016: What to expect from Samsung, Sony and more at Germany’s big tech show iSportsTimes.com: TOP 10 Most Anticipated Gadgets For The IFA 2016 iTech Post: All You Need To Know About This Year’s IFA Berlin Ubergizmo: IFA 2016: What To Expect Engadget: What to expect at this year’s IFA Yahoo News: What to expect from the epic tech extravaganza about to open in Berlin Mashable: One of the world’s biggest tech shows is about to begin DG News: Yuneec IFA 2016 neues smartes 4k-consumer-drohnen-highlight Nashville Chatter: IFA 2016 Event – 5 Devices to Expect from Berlin, Germany Daily News & Analysis: IFA 2016: Which Android smartphones and smartwatches to expect Free Malaysia Today: New-gen Android handsets and smartwatches in store for IFA 2016 Hexus: ADAM elements presents range at IFA 2016 and ShowStoppers What Hi-Fi? IFA 2016 preview: news, highlights and new products PhoneArena: IFA 2016: what to expect from Samsung, Sony and the rest TechnoBuffalo: New Sony smartphones, cameras and more teased in IFA invite Dealerscope: 7 Reasons I’m pumped for IFA PocketNow: Lenovo Yoga Tab 3 Plus 10 gets unofficial photoshoot, also spilling the specs beans 9to5Google: Huawei will launch Nova, Nova Plus smartphones, MediaPad M3 tablet at IFA CNET: Need a phone or refrigerator? Here’s what you’ll find at IFA Stuff: 6 Things we can’t wait to see at IFA TechCrunch: TechCrunch Podcast on IFA 2016 ReadWrite: Wearables cast a large shadow at IFA TechRadar India  IFA 2016: Here’s what we predict will show up at Germany’s biggest tech show Tom’s Guide  4 Reasons You Should Buy a 4K TV GearDiary  IFA Expands: CE China Set to Be the Premier Asian Consumer Electronics Trade Show GearDiary  DloDlo Glass V One Virtual Reality Glasses: Vaporwear? Or the World’s Smallest VR Headset? ChipChick  Want To Have Your Own Hello Kitty Washing Machine? You’re Probably Out of Luck ChipChick  Is China The New Frontier in Tech? IFA Is Betting On It Yahoo News  Drones, Apple clones, and a robot named Pudding at China’s first-ever CE Week Appliance Retailer  CE China makes debut Pocket-Lint  CE China: Bridging the divide in consumer electronics Korea Time  CE China to bridge global electronics firms, Chinese retailers Nigeria Today  IFA Consumer Electronics 2016 promises innovations, Korea Times  IFA seeks to boost electronics trade this year Korean Herald  IFA seeks to expand presence in China Korea JoongAng Daily  IFA prepares to launch first Asian event Korea Time  IFA 2016 to present newest IT trends, business opportunities AndroidPit  IFA 2016: all the latest news and updates × Selected Coverage MWC 2016 BBM Coming to Nokia X, Windows Phone Wall Street Journal MWC 2014: Vexia explains how it’s made a tiny phone with a huge screen at ShowStoppers Pocket Gamer Throw fruit and turn Kindle pages using only your eyes Wired.co.uk Tech Yeah! BlackBerry back to basics CNBC Agnitio demos simplicity of voice ID on a mobile device Software Industry News Eye Tribe ukázal ovládání očí na Androidu, stačí pouze infračervený vysílač Zive Carglass, Alessandro Tognola vince il Best Of Belron 2014 Automobili10 Global Mobile Awards at Mobile World Congress 2014 The Fonecast.com Next-generation in connected car technology, navigation previewed MotorwayAmerica ImageWare Systems Begins Test Phase With T-Systems, Germany Wall Street Journal MWC 2014 tutte le novità più curiose dallo ShowStoppers TVTech.it Mobile World Congress Features Connected Cars, Indoor Positioning GPS World MWC 2014: Eye Tribe for Android, Eye Input for Scrolling, Gaming ANewDomain a smartphone case that cleans your phone screen with nubby microfibers and kills 99 percent of microbes ANewDomain Apple iPhone Add-On: Olloclip 4-in-1 Photo Lens Amps Up (hands-on) ANewDomain Debutta al MWC la nuova Symmetry Series di OtterBox, la custodia che unisce protezione e stile Digital News Channel Blackberry’s Q20 Looks Great, But It Won’t Be In Australia For Half A Year Gizmodo BlackBerry Z3 spotted at MWC 2014 CNET Australia Wearable devices the new frontier Hindustan Times MWC Day 2 Briefs: AT&T, IBM, AppDirect, Cellebrite, Webroot, Twilio, MIPI Alliance, SAP AG Wireless Week BeeWi BBH202 : le casque Bluetooth (aptX) français qui se met en scène Qobuz.com #MWC14: BlackBerry At ShowStoppers Smashpipe Magazine [MWC 2014] OtterBox sbarca in Europa con una nuova linea di custodie [Video] iSpazio Opera Max, browser app designed to save your bandwidth Mobile88 Opera Max Is the Little App That Saves Your Bandwidth Webnuz BlackBerry Forges Ahead With Introduction of New Products, Services Nigeria Communications Week MWC 2014: BeeWi Bluetooth Devices Launch ANewDomain MWC 2014: Plantronics Debuts Voyager Edge, BackBeat FIT Headphones ANewDomain MWC 2014: ShowStoppers Event – Plantronics, Emporia, Garmin PocketPC.ch Mio Global to Showcase Word’s First Wrist-Worn Heart Rate Monitor Technology The International News Magazine Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First … DigitalJournal.com Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First-Ever Eye Tracker SDK For … IT News Online Yezz Andy A5QP CNET Yezz’s eight-core Andy A5QP will hit Europe in mid-march for 319 … CNET MWC 2014: The 5 most frivolous pieces of tech from ShowStoppers Pocket Gamer MWC 2014: Play Fruit Ninja with your eyes with the Eye Tribe Tracker Pocket Gamer MWC 2014: Mad Catz shows off its C.T.R.L.i for iOS devices and talks about future unconsole plans Pocket Gamer BlackBerry announces $200 smartphone, but emphasises security The Guardian BlackBerry details sub-$200 Z3, Q20 with trackpad and full keyboard Phonedog.com The Eye Tribe debuts first-ever eye tracker SDK for Android Computer News Middle East Galaxy S5, Nokia ‘Windroid,’ BlackBerry: The hype hits the fan InfoWorld MWC 2014 – BlackBerry Messenger arrive sur le Nokia X et Windows Phone CNET France BlackBerry Z3 και Q20: Επίσημα οι νέες προτάσεις της εταιρείας Techgear.gr BlackBerry to focus on enterprise, releases 2 mid-range phones, the Z3 and Q20 Fierce Wireless MWC: BlackBerry sends enterprise message with eBBM Gadget BlackBerry Z3 e Q20: touch e QWERTY per ritornare grandi Tom’s Hardware McAfee announces free Android, iOS protection IT Online Blackberry kündigt weiteres Smartphone mit Tastatur an | Frankfurter Neue Presse Frankfurter Neue Presse Mobile World Congress 2014, wearable tech en m’n iPhone is echt verouderd DutchCowboys Samsung Galaxy S5: Why I’m rooting for the little guys ZDNet Yezz Andy A5QP: Der Octa-Core-Pionier auf dem MWC 2014 Areamobile.de MWC 2014 tutte le novità più curiose dallo ShowStoppers Hardware Upgrade Habiliter l’avenir des appareils mobiles : The Eye Tribe révèle le premier SDK de suivi du regard pour Android au Mobile World Congress Pocket BlackBerry promete regresar a los teclados físicos con el Q20 – Qore Qore Sub-$200 BlackBerry Phone Coming in April From Foxconn CIO.com BlackBerry CEO Says Here to Compete, Regain Lost Ground CIO.com MWC 2014: dispositivo visual para uso industrial (vídeo) Computerworld Portugal BlackBerry-Revival: “Jeder liebt unsere Keyboards” Computerwelt MWC: Blackberry kündigt Touchscreen-Smartphone Z3 und Tastatur-Modell Q20 an ZDNet.de BlackBerry Z3, el modelo táctil más asequible con BlackBerry 10 Gadgets Tecnología y Electrónica 鸿海与Blackberry合作首款手机Z3亮相售价低于200美元 DigiTimes BlackBerry lifts lid on BES12, goes big on security and reliability TechRadar MWC 2014 – BlackBerry : 2 smartphones, un nouveau BES et BBM en version pro ZD Net.fr BlackBerry plans new ‘retro’ phone Independent.ie BlackBerry To Launch BES-12 And Other Enterprise Initiatives CXO Today.com BlackBerry showcases ‘affordable Z3’, Q20 at MWC Business Standard Vodafone partners with Opera software to launch Opera Web Pass in India The Economic Times McAfee Mobile Security solution for Android announced at MWC 2014 Hardware.Info België LOSTnFOUND präsentiert preisgekröntes Hilfssystem, das Demenzpatienten verfolgen kann Las Vegas Review-Journal AGNITiO Voice iD Awarded for Innovation and Design by Envisioneering at MWC Contact Center Solutions – TMCnet Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation And Design Award Winner (imageware Systems Inc) World News Navigon Garmin GPS pour Sony Xperia et Smartwatch 2 Hello Coton Opera Max skal halvere dataforbruket på mobilen E24 AirWatch Secure Content Locker bietet zusammen mit EyeVerify … APA OTS AirWatch Secure Content Locker to Integrate with EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification for Biometric … Sacramento Bee Ethertronics Further Revolutionizes the RF Front End with New … The Herald | HeraldOnline.com Mobile World Congress 2014 Day Zero Cult of Mac Lista degli espositori all’evento Showstoppers Techzilla.it ShowStoppers MWC 2014: il meglio della kermesse di Barcellona ridble AirWatch Secure Content Locker to Integrate with EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification for Biometric Protection of Secure Document Access Abc 27 Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First-Ever Eye Tracker SDK For Android At Mobile World Congress Abc 27 42 Wireless Leaders & Startups Mix History, Culture, New Products At Record-setting ShowStoppers Press Event In Barcelona TheStreet 42 Wireless Leaders & Startups Mix History, Culture, New Products At Record-setting ShowStoppers Press Event In Barcelona TheStreet ImageWare Systems Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation and Design Award Winner Announced for ShowStoppers@Mobile World Congress 2014 – Barcelona KSFY News AirWatch Secure Content Locker To Integrate With EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification For Biometric Protection Of Secure Document Access TheStreet LOSTnFOUND präsentiert preisgekröntes Hilfssystem, das Demenzpatienten verfolgen kann Northwest Cable News Mobile World Congress 2014 Day Zero [Liveblog Tech Investor News OtterBox Blends Protection and Style with New Symmetry Series at MWC HispanicBusiness.com LOSTnFOUND presents the award-winning assistance system that helps track dementia patients HardwareLogic Magellan’s Echo Smart Sports Watch Uses Nordic Semiconductor Chip to Stream Smartphone App Data for up to 11 Months Satellite Spotlight ImageWare Systems Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation and Design Award Winner Announced for ShowStoppers@Mobile World Congress 2014 – Barcelona IT News Online What mattered at Mobile World Congress day zero: Samsung Gear, Firefox phones, fierce convertible competition en.Parset.com MWC 2014: ShowStoppers Event – Plantronics, Emporia, Garmin PocketPC.ch LOSTnFOUND presents the award-winning assistance system that helps track dementia patients The Telegraph AirWatch Integrates IntelÂ® Device Protection Technology into its Comprehensive Security Platform for Enterprise Android Devices San Antonio Business Journal McAfee Delivers on Intel Vision of Free Mobile Security for Consumers iPhone News McAfee’s free antivirus app for Android hits the Google Play store TechRadar BlackBerry to bring BBM to Windows Phone and Nokia X Android platform V3.co.uk Avantgarde Acoustics展示Zero 1音响 小熊在线 AirWatch Integrates IntelA® Device Protection Technology Into Its Comprehensive Security Platform For Enterprise Android Devices TheStreet Opera browser debuts on Nokia X software platform Voice & data Online × Registration Criteria   ShowStoppers registration criteria for working press and industry analysts Showstoppers invites and admits only qualifying journalists working at print, TV and radio business, technology, consumer-electronics and consumer media; selected and qualifying bloggers; qualifying industry analysts; and qualifying members of investment banks and venture capital firms. Showstoppers is a private event. Showstoppers is an invitation-only event. Showstoppers events are NOT open to the public. A tradeshow press badge is NOT an invitation. A tradeshow press badge does NOT grant the holder automatic admission to Showstoppers. Showstoppers does NOT accept registrations with email addresses from yahoo.com, netzero.com, hotmail.com, and other free services that have nothing to do with a publication, TV or radio station. We require a publication-based email address. Showstoppers does NOT accept registrations with email addresses from msn.com, compuserve.com, aol.com and other generic services that have nothing to do with a publication, TV or radio station. We require a publication-based email address. Showstoppers reserves the right to require verification that you are working media. In some cases, we may ask you to provide a copy of a published article with your byline, a publication masthead listing you as a contributor or staff member, a video or audio tape, or a letter on official stationary from your publisher or broadcast producer. When in doubt, contact Steve at least TWO WEEKS prior to the event, or bring a copy of an article to on-site registration. Showstoppers reserves the right to refuse admission to anyone who does not comply with these policies. Showstoppers reserves the right to refuse admission to anyone who does not meet our press-qualification criteria. Broadcast teams Camera and recording crews are welcome to attend Showstoppers. Each member of the crew is required to register separately. Contact Steve to set this up. Online media & blogs Submit a link to an online masthead and an article with your byline that appeared within the past three months. Send this to Steve. Freelancers Submit a letter on letterhead from an editorial contact at a publication indicating that you are covering the tradeshow for that publication. Send this to Steve. User groups At the specific request of sponsors, Showstoppers events are NOT open to non-editorial members of User Groups. When in doubt When in doubt, email or send via USPS a copy of a RECENT article. When in doubt, bring a copy of a RECENT article to on-site registration. Send this to Steve. We will not admit At the request of our sponsors, Showstoppers events are NOT open to: Registrations that do not include a working URL. Registrations that do not include a working email address. Personal and non-press Web site writers, editors and/or creators. Personal and non-press Bloggers. Blogs and Web sites that exist only to aggregate and republish coverage that originates from other sources. Production companies. Boyfriends, girlfriends, significant others. About blogs Anyone can post a blog. Anyone can post to a blog. That does not make you a reporter, journalist or industry analyst. Just like driving fast does not make you a professional driver of race cars. × Selected Coverage CES 2016 Huffington Post: CES 2016: There’s No Place Like Ohm Forbes: OLED Displays Finally Go Mainstream As CES 2016 Bright Spot For Notebooks Engadget: Sex is back at CES GizWizBiz: Forget about carrying a bunch of chargers and cables when you travel. AV Nation: Connected 3: CES 2016 SF Gate: CES Has Become an Innovator’s Pre-Crowdfunding Launch Pad Forbes: HP Inc. Proved They Have Sustained Premium PC Prowess At CES 2016 Wall Street Journal: Truly Wireless Headphones but with a few strings attached Wall Street Journal: Does the world need a smarter umbrella? Huffington Post: CES 2016: A Tech Dream in the Desert Fox News: The best of CES 2016 BBC: CES 2016: Smart gadgets for all the family – and dog – BBC News Straits Times: Drawing another dimension CE: This Year’s Consumer Electronics Show in Perspective Consumer gadgets are finally getting connected and smart These Hush Smart Earplugs Are So Good, I Was Almost Able to Sleep at CES Sevenhugs Smart Remote aims to free your smartphone from connected-home duty New York Times: On Display at CES, Tech Ideas in Their Awkward Adolescence – NYTimes.com ChipChick: WowWee CHiP is the Robotic Dog We’ve Been Waiting For TechCrunch: 10 of the coolest gadgets we saw at CES 2016 Gizmodo: All the Gadgets at CES Look Like Sex Toys USA Today: Get your paws on the latest pet tech at CES 2016 Fortune: The Coolest Things We Saw at CES This Year Seattle Times/Bloomberg: 10 cool new things from CES 2016 Wired: The Universal Remote’s Secret Calling Is the Smart Home Wall Street Journal: Best of CES 2016: The Wondrous and Wacky Year Ahead in Gadgets – WSJ.com Nasdaq.com / TheStreet: Making Virtual Friends and Riding Fast Cars at CES in Las Vegas – Presented by: The Aol. On Network Media & Entertainment Technologies: Showstoppers brings OEMs to the product floor Soon, You’ll Be Able to Control Every Corner of Your Smart Homes with a Single Universal Remote | Builder Magazine What it’s like listening to a $50,000 pair of headphones USA Today: These earbuds could change the way you hear Remix OS is about to bring multi-window Android to your spare PC Hands-On With The Skully AR-1 Augmented Reality Motorcycle Helmet Tom’s Hardware: The QNAP TBS-453A Changes The NAS Game Straits Times: CES 2016: A look at this year’s coolest gear Engadget: The Skreens app puts all of your HDMI signals on one display Slashgear: Neeo hands-on: one smart remote to control them all – SlashGear Gottabemobile: Earin True Wireless Earbuds Impress at CES 2016 3DPrint: ROBO 3D Offers Comprehensive 3D Experience at CES 2016, Highlights New Printers & More | 3DPrint.com Yahoo News: Meet CleverPet, the Electronic Game That’s Like ‘Simon’ For Dogs AppleInsider: First Alert debuts IP camera, HomeKit-enabled Onelink products including, fire alarm, environment monitor & safe CNET: The most intriguing tech from Showstoppers at CES 2016 AppleInsider: CES ShowStoppers: Hackaball programmable toy, Fasetto Link mini NAS Forbes: The Five Most Disruptive Innovations at CES 2016 Australian: Handing pooches pause for thought CES ShowStoppers: Hackaball programmable toy, Fasetto Link mini NAS BUNews.com: Hydrogen Power: Not Just For Cars BUNews.com: Invitation Only: A Peek at Showstoppers Getty Images for Associated Press CES: Everything is becoming “smart” CES: Where even the showers are “smart” Making Virtual Friends and Riding Fast Cars at CES in Las Vegas Jabra Presents The Future Of Intelligent Audio FreeCast Unveils Game-Changing Select TV Box at CES 2016 ShowStoppers Major Media Event 3D Transformations with @Robo3dprinter R2 Mini #Showstoppers #CES2016 SKULLY showcases AR-1 helmet Active Edge debuts wearable technology with health benefits The Skreens app puts all of your HDMI signals on one display The Best of CES 2016 in Las Vegas Blueair says 2016 Will See Its Disruptive Indoor Air Purification Technologies Making Health Enhancing Breakthroughs Forget vinyl — better digital sound is on the way Jazz up your workout gear with these 11 awesome fitness wearables from CES 2016 http://www.avnation.tv/avnation-shows/connected/connected-3/ CleverPet: The First Game Console for Dogs Debuts at CES Smart Home and VR headline ShowStoppers LaunchIt CES 2016: Fiera – A Female Arousal Tool Everyone Should Get Excited About Tech Feature Mad Catz 10 Most Hardcore Gaming-Capable Android Tech at CES 2016 The Philadelphia Inquirer Jonathan Takiff column [The Philadelphia Inquirer] Gizmo Guy: Robot Heaven CES 2016: PIQ Multi-Sport Sensor Making Sense of Smart Home Tech at CES 2016 Sengled Showcases Award-Winning Products at 2016 Consumer Electronics Show (CES) Envisioneering selects 19 companies, 32 products for annual tech innovation awards CleverPet’s Game Console for Dogs Wins Day One of CES 2016. Amlin Andretti Brings Formula E Racing to Consumer Electronics Show Blueair’s smart indoor air monitoring, control and purification system removes health-sapping pollutants at home and work FFrench Company Aroma Therapeutics Launches Kickstarter Program in Conjunction with Opening of CES CES 2016 – Blueair Receives Three Prestigious Awards At The Biggest Consumer Electronics Show On Earth CES Always Has Jewels, Promises, Something for Everyone The laziest gadgets at the Consumer Electronics Show French startup revolution takes CES by storm Here are the products that helped me survive my first CES AfterMaster Honored With Three Prestigious Awards For Outstanding Innovation And Design At ShowStoppers During The 2016 CES Show Internet of things the easy way with wifithing. Wifithing launches open source internet of things platform Hands on with Wifithing https://www.digitalwallonia.be/en-direct-du-ces2016/ http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/envisioneering-selects-19-companies-32-products-fo http://funkykit.com/news/accessories/2141-revolutionary-code-free-iot-platform-taps-kickstarter-for-funding http://www.enostech.com/revolutionary-code-free-iot-platform-taps-kickstarter-for-funding/ http://www.macworld.com/video/61027/the-wifithing-promises-simple-iot-control-of-devices http://www.macitynet.it/ces-2016-wifithing-piattaforma-semplificare-linternet-delle-cose/ http://www.investorideas.com/news/2016/technology/01072.asp http://www.geeky-gadgets.com/new-wifithing-internet-of-things-hardware-requires-no-programming-12-01-2016/ http://energia.nu/blog/ https://twitter.com/HiTechchic/status/687481401734631424/photo/1 Major Drone Manufacturer Snaps Up Intelligent Energy’s Game-Changer for Drone Range [Flight Time] MacVoices #16046: ShowStoppers – STM Goes Beyond Bags To Pro… TWiT Live Specials 267 ShowStoppers 2016 | TWiT.TV AZTechBeat 3Plus Launches New Smartwatch and Connected Wearables at CES 2016 CES 2016: Owlet Smart Sock Wearable Baby Monitor ‘Simplehuman,’ Smart Mirror That Controls Brightness, Recognizing User’s Face Re-fuel Introduced Various Battery Devices HP Introduced Various Laptops, Including ‘Star Wars Special Edition Laptop’ Toughtested Showcased Outdoor Products, Optimized to Field Activity World Liberty TV Skully Introduced the World’s First AR Helmet Decibullz Introduced a Customized Earphone Smart Home and VR headline ShowStoppers LaunchIt Prismdesigns Introduced iPad Stylus Pen ‘REMORA’ and Charger ‘BASE’ HP Introduced Ink Change Service, ‘Instant Ink’ Primera presenta la impresora todo en uno Trio más pequeña y liviana del mundo 10 eye-opening ways virtual reality is being used (besides gaming) Actionproof’s ‘BOZON,’ Premium Silicon Charge Dock for Apple Watch Actionproof Introduced ‘The Bumper’ That Protects Apple Watch from External Shock HP unleashes a new and improved Sprout Pro for the classroom VR puts your eyes in another world; Sennheiser Ambeo brings your ears along 2016 CES Takeaway CES 2016 – Blueair Receives Three Prestigious Awards At The Biggest Consumer Electronics Show On Earth × Request Press Kit as Zip File Send us mail Name * E-Mail * Subject * Message * × Analytics powered by GoStats Scroll to top
Facebook Twitter Youtube Admin Our Events ShowStoppers @ CES 2017 Snapshot Pro ShowStoppers @ MWC 2017 ShowStoppers @ CE Week 2017 ShowStoppers @ NAB 2017 ShowStoppers @ IFA 2017 ShowStoppers @ MWC Americas 2017 Press About Us Search Blog - Latest News You are here: Home / IFA 2016 / Pure Monster Sound – You Have To Hear It To Believe It! Pure Monster Sound – You Have To Hear It To Believe It! September 1, 2016/in IFA 2016 /by Steve From the world’s leading designer of high performance headphones comes the latest in headphone and speaker technology and style. Based on company founder and Head Monster, Noel Lee’s decades-long quest to improve sound quality comes Pure Monster Sound, a culmination of technology and design that delivers high-definition audio with unmatched clarity and dynamics. It’s a revolution in music listening with definitive mid-range, crystal clear high frequencies and strong bass that never overpowers the music. Each headphone and speaker with Pure Monster Sound is personally engineered and tuned by Lee, who is both an engineer and musician himself. Combining Monster’s latest proprietary technologies and sonic innovations, you will experience your favorite music with an intimacy and impact that is as close to the music as being onstage or in the studio with the artists. Pure Monster Sound is built into some of our newest products that will be showcased for the first time at IFA, including the new Monster Ravebox speaker (which is the party version of the amazing Monster Blaster speaker) and the new Bluetooth Elements Headphones. You Have To Hear It To Believe It … Tags: Monster, Monster Products Share this entry Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Share on Linkedin Share on Tumblr Share on Vk Share on Reddit Share by Mail http://www.showstoppers.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/ShowStoppers-logo-fix-up-2.png 0 0 Steve http://www.showstoppers.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/ShowStoppers-logo-fix-up-2.png Steve2016-09-01 16:00:512016-08-24 13:18:08Pure Monster Sound – You Have To Hear It To Believe It! Recent Posts Are you looking for the hottest startups at CES 2017? IHS Markit to Judge Tech Innovators, Innovations at CES in Las Vegas ZTE Set to Bring Breath-taking Audio to IFA 2016 ShowStoppers launches new press event concurrent with Mobile World Congress Americas 80 companies, innovators and startups intro new gear, gadgets to nearly 1,000 journalists from around the world at ShowStoppers, official press event of IFA tradeshow in Berlin Connect with Us Contact Us ShowStoppers LLC View Contacts (440) 914-9500 5401 Naiman Parkway Cleveland, OH 44139 YUNEEC presents must-have gadget of the year Unplugged and still connected! Experience a maximum of freedom with VerveLife... Get Agreement MWC Americas × × Get Agreement CTIA × Mark Brennan Principal at Brennan Capital Partners — and an entrepreneurial consultant who specializes in providing both strategic & operations management consulting services to client companies. Client companies are typically seed/early stage ventures located in the southwest region of the US. Often takes an equity position in the client company in addition to fees to more closely align interests with outcomes. Active entrepreneur & private equity/angel investor since 1994. Have personally founded and operated several companies since 1994 and have experienced successful exits. × Andy White Andy White at Vegas Tech Fund, a seed stage investment fund that focuses on investing in founders and startups that solve huge problems — and who are committed to building a vibrant, connected tech community in downtown Las Vegas. We see an opportunity to create a City as an incubator and aim to invest in companies who share that vision and want to build on it. × 3950 S Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas, NV 89119 × What a table looks like × University Barcelona Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes, 585 08007 Barcelona × Messe-Berlin Fairgrounds -Messedamm 22, 14055 Berlin, Germany × The Metropolitan and Altman Buildings 135 W. 18th St., NYC (between 6th and 7th Avenues) × Wynn Las Vegas 3131 S. Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas NV × Get Agreement NAB × Get Agreement CE Week × Get Agreement MWC × Get Agreement CES × Get Agreement IFA × Selected Coverage IFA 2016 Selected coverage, ShowStoppers @ IFA 2016 80 companies, innovators and startups intro new gear, gadgets to nearly 1,000 journalists from around the world at ShowStoppers, official press event of IFA tradeshow in Berlin IHS Markit Announces Innovation Awards Winners at ShowStoppers at IFA in Berlin Dealerscope: UNBOXED: Aftershokz Trekz Titanium Headphones Engadget: I FA 2016That’s a Wrap Engadget: IFA 2016: All things mobile Verge: The da Vinci Mini is a cheap 3D printer for people who really want to own a 3D printer Today Show Australia: Trevor Long at IFA 2017 broadcasting LIVE on The Today Show Australia Today Show Australia: Live on the Today Show from Berlin with new gadgets for Christmas 2016 Wired: Für euch ausprobiert: Die Gadget-Highlights der IFA 2016 Engadget: Lenovo’s Yoga Book is part tablet, part sketch pad Engadget: Lenovo’s two new tablets include a lower-cost Surface Pro rival Forbes: IFA 2016 Key Analyst Takeaways Gear Diary: Lenovo Launches Amazing New Android and Windows Yoga Books; I Want One! Huffington Post: IFA 2016: New Tech in the Old World New York Times: If 1 Lens on a Phone Camera Is Good, Are 2 Better? Network World: Lenovo kicks off IFA with four new notebook/tablet offerings Wired: W e Love You, Absurd Gadgets That Rocket Us Into the Future USA Today: Slender Lenovo Yoga Book tabet lets you write with real ink Yahoo Tech: Oval TVs, smart kitchen hoods: top trends at IFA tech fair BBC: Samsung’s Big Recall – interview with Carolina Milanesi at IFA Slashgear: DJI Osmo Mobile hands-on: A stabilized bargain for the camera you always carry TechnoBuffalo: Kobo Aura One eReader hands-on: Amazon should copy these features Engadget: IFA 2016 showed us how far wearables have come Engadget: The best of the rest at IFA 2016 Slashgear: SlashGear’s Best of IFA 2016! ZDNet: All the hardware hightlights from this year’s IFA TechnoBuffalo: Yuneec Breeze drone first look: A kick-ass and affordable new drone TechRadar: With a bit of polish, IFA could emerge as a magnificent show Verge: The gadget market is alive and well at IFA, Europe’s biggest tech show TechRadar: TomTom’s new devices tread ground PCMag UK: Hands On With Lenovo’s Miix Laptops and Yoga Tablet TWICE: IFA 2016: Global CE Revenues Projected To Fall 5% in 2016 Engadget: IFA 2016 day zero: Selfie-phones and barista robots PocketNow: Lenovo Yoga 910 and Yoga Tab 3 Plus bring hi-res with low-impact form factors MSN: We get you the top gadgets announced at one of the biggest consumer electronics shows, IFA 2016 Philadelphia Inquirer: Gimzo Guy: Round of the best new watches and music devices AVING: ShowStoppers Press Event at IFA2016 PocketNow: Thin, screenful Lenovo Yoga Book runs on Android or Windows 10 MSN: Berlin’s IFA fair dons virtual reality headsets TechnoBuffalo: Lenovo Yoga book 910 Digital Trends: Misfit’s Ray will soon be sold in Apple stores, with exclusive Apple-y colors Computerblog.ro: Cum arată un smartwatch care ajunge la 1.500 de euro: Garmin Fenix Chronos Computerblog.ro: Logitech a prezentat la IFA Berlin noii mouși silențioși GadgetshowDaily: https://www.instagram.com/p/BJ8B66pjWoE/ Mobile Nations: The Yoga Book Is Too Cool For A Keyboard Hindustan Times: A gold-plated walkman or a ‘visionary’ notebook? Our top 10 tech must-haves Chip Chick: UDoq Review – Because Devices That Charge Together, Stay Together Dealerscope: WIR: IFA 2016 is a Game Changer RedBull.com: Apple iPhone7 and earpods – what you need to know Androidiani: Here One: Aperti i preordini Chip Chick: Samsung AddWash Front-Load Washer and Electric Dryer Review Chip Chick: Tile Lost and Found Trackers Will Soon Be Built Into Wallets and Purses CBS Radio: Security camera uses artificial intellgence to know if someone is an intruder CNET: Gadgets Galore Dealerscope: Key take aways from the IFA opening press conference Dealerscope: Booming Business in Berlin: An IFA 2016 Wrap Up AGDLab.pl: IFA 2016 – iRobot i inni, czyli porządek w domu bez kiwnięcia palcem BoyGeniusReview: Best of IFA 2016 Mako: סמרטוט חשמלי ומציאות מדומה: מהעודימציאו? Forbes: IFA 2016 Key Analyst Takeaways Indian Express: Market is moving from general purpose to scenario-based devices: Lenovo Chip Chick: Sen.se Launches SensePeanut, a New Line of Simple Smart Home Products Hearing Aid News: ReSound Strengthens Smart Hearing Portfolio with New Mini BTE Casadomo.com: D-Link mostró en IFA sus novedades en routers, cámaras y domótica Audiology Online: ReSound Strengthens Smart Hearing Portfolio with New Mini BTE Trusted Reviews: Withings Steel HR Yahoo News: Zagg debuts new headphones, chargers, screen protectors at IFA 2016 TechRadar: Hands on: Lenovo Ideacentre Y710 Cube review ETtech.com: 10 most interesting gadgets from IFA 2016 Economic Times: 5 most interesting gadgets from IFA 2016 Android Authority: Best of IFA 2016: From Android to Audio & Computing Mobile Today: IFA 2016: VR steals the show Chip Chick: Fossil Adds Some Beautiful New Hybrid Smartwatches to Their Q Line Portal der Wirtschaft: IFA-Erfolg: Großes Medien-Echo und UX Design Award für smarte Hörgeräte ReadWrite: TomTom announces three fitness wearables at IFA 2016 Digital Trends: Affordable laptops aren’t just ‘good enough’ anymore, they’re amazing Digital Trends: BEST MOBILE ACCESSORIES OF IFA 2016 Euronews: Home robots all the rage at IFA in Berlin CCTV-America: Berlin’s IFA trade show displays newest gadgets Verge: At IFA 2016, style trumped specs News.com.au: Five of the best gadgets launched at IFA 2016, from smartwatches to tablets you can write on theDroidReview.com: Video: UMi Max was presented at IFA 2016 in Berlin, Germany 17wh: 对不起，我一不小心都火到国外了  NoodIs-India: Plantronics unveils bold new Backbeat Fit colors at IFA 2016 Trade Mid East: ReSound® Returns to International Consumer Electronics Show to Feature Expanded Portfolio of Smart Hearing Aids Middle East News Wire Today: ReSound® Returns to International Consumer Electronics Show to Feature Expanded Portfolio of Smart Hearing Aids TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 299 IFA 2016 DAY 1: SHOWSTOPPERS TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 300 IFA 2016 DAY 2: CORDLESS VR AND THE BEST OF SAMSUNG TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 301 IFA 2016 DAY 3: AUF WIEDERSEHEN Digital Trends: A washer that kills germs in cold water and more cool laundry machines from IFA 2016 Legginotizie: Plantronics tra cinque nuovi colori e le prime cuffie ibride wireless BackBeat 1000 Palo.gr: Είδαμε το πανέμορφο activity smartwatch Garmin fenix Chronos (hands-on photos @ ShowStoppers / IFA 2016) Giga.de: udoq: Universelles Lade-Dock für Smartphones und Tablets im Hands-On-Video Sydney Morning Herald: IFA 2016: Lenovo’s Phab2 Pro brings Google’s Project Tango augmented reality to life ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Lenovo Reveal First Handset With Support For Google AR ChinaTopix: Lenovo Unveils Phab2 Pro Smartphone at IFA 2016 Featuring Google’s Project Tango Augmented Reality The TeCake: Lenovo unveils A Plus and P2 smartphone at IFA 2016 Gamenguide: IFA 2016 Latest News & Update: Lenovo A Plus Price, Specs & Release Date ABP Live: Lenovo launches P2 and A Plus smartphones at IFA 2016 ChinaTopix: Lenovo Officially Unveils Lenovo P2 and A Plus Smartphones at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Lenovo Debuts Pair Of New Smartphones PC-Tablet Media: IFA 2016: Lenovo Yoga 910 laptop, Yoga Tab 3 Plus and more announced ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Jabra Enters True Wireless Earbuds Arena With Elite Sport IndianExpress: Lenovo is number two smartphone brand by value in India: IDC Science World Report: Digital Trends Picks Top Tech From IFA 2016, Best Gadgets, Events IT Pro: IFA 2016: Tech that business professionals shouldn’t miss Manila Bulletin: AMD VR Ready processors showcased at IFA 2016 NDTV: Withings Steel HR Smartwatch With Heart Rate Sensor Launched Mashable: At IFA 2016, smart appliances and virtual reality take center stage USA Today: Cheaper phones, brighter TVs rule IFA tech show The Inquirer: What you missed in tech last week: IFA 2016, Note 7 recall, Dropbox hack Engadget: IFA 2016: The rose gold edition TWICE: 5 New Headphones Ready For A Lightning-Only iPhone 7 Digital Life: Είδαμε το πανέμορφο activity smartwatch Garmin fenix Chronos ConnexieB2B: Plantronics onthult nieuwe gewaagde kleuren voor BackBeat FIT HIAPK: 优必选科技领衔IFA电子展 展现中国优质产品实力 ComputerHoy: ShowStoppers: los mejores inventos en IFA 2016 India Dailymotion: ShowStoppers: los mejores inventos en IFA 2016 Elektro Market: Los auriculares de Plantronics dan color a IFA Hospodarske Noviny: To nejlepší z IFA: Televize sahají po dokonalosti a o nové počítače se můžete pořezat TouchIT: IFA 2016: Robot Windowmate umyje okná za vás Yahoo Japan: フォッシルが激オシャレ＆高性能なスマートウォッチを大量投入！ B Hatena: <IFA> Beyerdynamic, the DSP equipped aptX corresponding BT earphone “Byron BTA”, etc. – Phile-web Phileweb: ＜IFA＞ベイヤーダイナミック、DSP搭載のaptX対応BTイヤホン「Byron BTA」など Gizblog: IFA 2016: Udoq, docking station per tutti i dispositivi mobile TouchIT: IFA 2016: Panono je 360-stupňová kamera s rozlíšením 108MP (video) Naslovi.net: Selfi “manijaci”, radujte se! Mundo Digital/Ethevaldo: Gadgets lançados na IFA são encantadores Naslovi.net: Da više nikad ništa ne izgubite 88News: Plantronics enthüllt BackBeat FIT in aufregenden neuen Farben auf der IFA 2016 Indian Express: IFA 2016: Lenovo A Plus with 4.5-inch FWVGA display, 5MP camera launched DNA India: IFA 2016: Lenovo A Plus and Lenovo P2 smartphones unveiled Phone Radar: Lenovo P2 and A Plus Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 starting 69 Euros Dekh News: Lenovo K6 Series Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 Specification Features Price NDTV: All the big launches from IFA Berlin, summarised MSPoweruser: IFA 2016: Forget mobile, the PC is back, baby Digital Trends: 9 important trends at IFA that will shape the tech world this holiday season News247: Δέκα gadgets από την IFA που θέλεις να δεις Khaleej Times: The newest smartphones at IFA Berlin 2016 Express Tribune: Check out these eye-catching gizmos at the Berlin IFA fair Yahoo News: Mega tech fair IFA dives head-first into virtual reality Engadget: IFA 2016 day one: Battle-worn BB-8 and Acer’s new Chromebook Gadgets & Wearables: The hottest wearables of IFA 2016 Gearbrain: Eye-Tracking Laptops, a Robotic Elf And Tech That Lets You Take Calls With Your Finger Malay Mail Online: Waterproof gadgets make a splash at Berlin tech fair Digital Trends: Digital Trends Top Tech of IFA 2016 Award Winners CNBC: Five gadgets to make your home smarter The TeCake: New fitness tracker by TomTom goes live at IFA 2016 Mag Series: IFA 2016: TomTom presenta Curfer, Go e Vio News18: IFA 2016: TomTom Announces New Fitness Wearables, Updates Sports Watches Android Community: TomTom intros new GPS Sports Watches, fitness trackers at IFA 2016 Solo News: TomTom Runner 3, Spark 3 e Adventurer | Anteprima IFA 2016 NDTV: Lenovo A Plus, Lenovo P2 Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 TabTimes: Hands-on with the Lenovo Miix 510 at IFA 2016 Android Headlines: IFA 2016 Complete Wrap-Up: Everything You Need To Know Android Headlines: Best Of IFA 2016: Tablet, Chromebook & 2-in-1 Roundup News4c: Lenovo’s two new tablets to compete against Surface Pro SoloNews: IFA 2016: presentato Lenovo Miix 510, interessante tablet 2 in 1 Thurrot.com: HP Unveils New PCs at IFA 2016 – What The Tech Ep. 323 Ubergizmo: Ubergizmo’s Best of IFA 2016 TechRadar India: Fossil Q Wander Wired: We Love You, Absurd Gadgets That Rocket Us Into the Future Daily Sabah: Latest technology shown off at IFA Berlin trade fair PC Magazine: The Best Gadgets at IFA 2016 CNET: Here’s the coolest, most innovative and strangest tech we saw in Berlin ITWorld: A series of tubes: What’s next for home automation Mirror.co.uk: Smartwatches are going nowhere: Wearable technology takes centre stage at IFA 2016 Android Community: TomTom intros VIO and GO satnav devices at IFA in Berlin Rappler: At Berlin tech fair, waterproof gadgets make a splash Slashgear: SlashGear’s Best of IFA 2016! Slashgear: IFA 2016 Round-up: hands-on with the best – SlashGear Slashgear: Lenovo, Moto IFA 2016 teaser: different for the sake of better Slashgear: TomTom Spark 3, Runner 3 and Adventurer fitness GPS watches Slashgear: Withings Steel HR watch hands-on: classy heart rate time Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 2 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 3 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 5 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 4 Slashgear: IFA News & Live Coverage Slashgear: 3Doodler PRO gets into serious, professional business Slashgear: Neato Botvac D3 and D5 details: covering all bases Slashgear: Yuneec Breeze 4K selfie drone first-impressions Slashgear: ShowStoppers at IFA – SlashGear Slashgear: Wacom introduces Bamboo Slate and Folio smartpads, Bamboo Slashgear: Sen.se ThermoPeanut is a smart temp monitor for every nook Slashgear: TomTom VIO is a navigation display that uses your phone Slashgear: Lenovo Yoga Book goes on pre-order in the US Slashgear: DxO ONE iPhone camera add-on gets Wi-Fi remote, waterproof case Slashgear: TP-Link Neffos X1 and Neffos X1 Max are super thin smartphones Digital Trends: AMD’s latest deal with GlobalFoundries could help close the gap with Intel Enter Expo: Die Highlights der YouTuber | #IFA2016 Ubergizmo: New Sennheiser Headphones Launched At IFA 2016 Firstpost: IFA 2016: Sennheiser unveils new lineup of HD 2, HD 4 and HD 500 series headphones ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Sennheiser Brings High-End Audio To All Audiences Times of India: Sennheiser launches new headphones at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Sennheiser Team Up With GoPro TechRadar: TomTom’s new lineup of devices tread new ground Verge: This new 3D-printing pen draws with wood, copper, and bronze Times of India/Gadgets Now: HP Pavilion Wave, Elite Slice modular PC launched at IFA 2016 TechRadar: First look: HP Elite Slice NDTV: HDMI Alternate Mode Unveiled at IFA 2016 for USB Type-C to HDMI Cables TechRadar: Voice control lets you record on command with the Garmin VIRB Ultra 30 Sydney Morning Herald: IFA 2016: Plex live TV recording comes to Australia NDTV: Lenovo K6, K6 Power, and K6 Note Launched at IFA 2016 Times of India: Lenovo K6, K6 Power and K6 Note smartphones unveiled at IFA 2016 Times of India: Logitech M720 Triathlon Multi-Device mouse launched at IFA 2016 Gadget: IFA 2016: Lenovo unveils Yoga Book Which? Lenovo Yoga Book tablet – IFA 2016 first look review ETTelecom: IFA 2016: Lenovo unveils the Yoga Book, Motorola comes out with Z Play smartphone Engadget: IFA 2016 warm-up: Pet treats, smartwatches and more Which? Best smartphones of IFA 2016 Which? Best tech of IFA 2016 PC World: The weird, wild, and occasionally practical PC hardware of IFA 2016 Firstpost: Gear S3, Zenwatch, Predator 21X and more: IFA 2016 Day 1 Highlights CBS News: Smartwatches, keyboard-free laptops and more highlights from Europe’s biggest tech show BBC News: Smart home tech on show in Berlin Deutsche Welle: Home networking featured at IFA consumer electronics fair in Berlin Intopic: Il laptop da gaming HP Omen 17 presentato allo ShowStoppers di IFA 2016 Intopic: HP rinnova la linea per il gaming con il desktop Omen X Intopic: Withings Steel HR: il classico smartwatch dalle linee pulite con sensore HR PCMag Russia: PhotoFast представляет инновационный аксессуар — iType-C Dealerscope: Scenes from ShowStoppers at IFA 2016 Phile-Web: ＜IFA＞ゼンハイザーの新NC+BTヘッドホン「PXC 550」／ベイヤーからaptX HD対応ヘッドホン試作機 9to5Mac: Accessory makers race to launch new wireless & Lightning headphones ahead of iPhone 7 Yahoo News: The 5 biggest announcements from Lenovo’s IFA 2016 press conference Yahoo News: Lenovo’s IFA 2016 line-up includes a laptop with virtual keys and a supercharged 2-in-1 Indian Express: IFA 2016: Lenovo announces new YogaBook, Yoga 910, and more Neowin: Lenovo announces the Yoga 910 and the Miix 510 at IFA 2016 News18: Lenovo Announces a New Keyboard-Less Yoga Book at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Logitech Announces Trio Of New Mice NDTV: Logitech Unveils M720 Triathlon Multi-Device Mouse and Silent Mouse Series at IFA 2016 NotebookCheck: IFA 2016 | Lenovo: Convertible Yoga Book vorgestellt Engadget: We’re live from IFA 2016 in Berlin! NDTV: HP Pavilion Wave, Modular Elite Slice PCs Launched at IFA 2016 TechRadar: HP turns the desktop PC into a 360-degree sound system Verge: IFA 2016: the best laptops, tablets, and more The National: Eye-catching new gadgets as Berlin IFA warms up WTOP: IFA is back, and Berlin is ready Industry Week: Virtual Reality Gadgets Dominate Berlin Tech Show Deutsche Welle: IFA – good business with colorful screens Digital Trends: Hands-on: Lenovo Yoga 910 ABC News / AP: Samsung Updates Smartwatch, Lenovo Ditches Laptop Keyboard Chip Chick: Neato Makes Their Connected Vacuum Tech Cheaper With the Botvac D3 and D5 Chip Chick: The HP Elite Slice is a Tiny Stackable Office PC Chip Chick: The HP Pavilion Wave is a Desktop Computer That Thinks It’s a Speaker Chip Chick: Lenovo Gets Creative With the Chic Ultra-thin 2-in-1 Yoga Book Chip Chick: The Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 Has a Tougher Construction and a 4k Display Chip Chick: Lenovo’s Miix 510 is a Dead Ringer for the Microsoft Surface GadgetGear: IFA verwachtingen dag 2 Yahoo Finance: Day 1 in Berlin: Slick smartwatches, 360-degree speakers, and 4K Blu-ray Gorkana: IFA Berlin: what PRs need to know Elisberg: IFA Day One Huffington Post: IFA 2016: New Tech in the Old World TechRadar: Squeak no more: Logitech announces a silent mouse Wired.co.uk: Day one at IFA 2016: Stylish speakers, silent mice and Bluetooth trackers PC Magazine: What to Expect at IFA 2016 MobiPicker: AMD Will Be Present at IFA to Detail the Future of VR Yahoo News: Berlin’s IFA fair dons virtual reality headsets Dealerscope: Standouts from the Pre-IFA 2016 TechStars Dinner at Microsoft Berlin Euronews: The biggest consumer electronics fair hits Berlin Tech Times: IFA 2016: Smartphones, Wearables And Other Gadgets To Expect From Samsung, Sony, LG And more TechRadar: IFA 2016: What to expect from Samsung, Sony and more at Germany’s big tech show iSportsTimes.com: TOP 10 Most Anticipated Gadgets For The IFA 2016 iTech Post: All You Need To Know About This Year’s IFA Berlin Ubergizmo: IFA 2016: What To Expect Engadget: What to expect at this year’s IFA Yahoo News: What to expect from the epic tech extravaganza about to open in Berlin Mashable: One of the world’s biggest tech shows is about to begin DG News: Yuneec IFA 2016 neues smartes 4k-consumer-drohnen-highlight Nashville Chatter: IFA 2016 Event – 5 Devices to Expect from Berlin, Germany Daily News & Analysis: IFA 2016: Which Android smartphones and smartwatches to expect Free Malaysia Today: New-gen Android handsets and smartwatches in store for IFA 2016 Hexus: ADAM elements presents range at IFA 2016 and ShowStoppers What Hi-Fi? IFA 2016 preview: news, highlights and new products PhoneArena: IFA 2016: what to expect from Samsung, Sony and the rest TechnoBuffalo: New Sony smartphones, cameras and more teased in IFA invite Dealerscope: 7 Reasons I’m pumped for IFA PocketNow: Lenovo Yoga Tab 3 Plus 10 gets unofficial photoshoot, also spilling the specs beans 9to5Google: Huawei will launch Nova, Nova Plus smartphones, MediaPad M3 tablet at IFA CNET: Need a phone or refrigerator? Here’s what you’ll find at IFA Stuff: 6 Things we can’t wait to see at IFA TechCrunch: TechCrunch Podcast on IFA 2016 ReadWrite: Wearables cast a large shadow at IFA TechRadar India  IFA 2016: Here’s what we predict will show up at Germany’s biggest tech show Tom’s Guide  4 Reasons You Should Buy a 4K TV GearDiary  IFA Expands: CE China Set to Be the Premier Asian Consumer Electronics Trade Show GearDiary  DloDlo Glass V One Virtual Reality Glasses: Vaporwear? Or the World’s Smallest VR Headset? ChipChick  Want To Have Your Own Hello Kitty Washing Machine? You’re Probably Out of Luck ChipChick  Is China The New Frontier in Tech? IFA Is Betting On It Yahoo News  Drones, Apple clones, and a robot named Pudding at China’s first-ever CE Week Appliance Retailer  CE China makes debut Pocket-Lint  CE China: Bridging the divide in consumer electronics Korea Time  CE China to bridge global electronics firms, Chinese retailers Nigeria Today  IFA Consumer Electronics 2016 promises innovations, Korea Times  IFA seeks to boost electronics trade this year Korean Herald  IFA seeks to expand presence in China Korea JoongAng Daily  IFA prepares to launch first Asian event Korea Time  IFA 2016 to present newest IT trends, business opportunities AndroidPit  IFA 2016: all the latest news and updates × Selected Coverage MWC 2016 BBM Coming to Nokia X, Windows Phone Wall Street Journal MWC 2014: Vexia explains how it’s made a tiny phone with a huge screen at ShowStoppers Pocket Gamer Throw fruit and turn Kindle pages using only your eyes Wired.co.uk Tech Yeah! BlackBerry back to basics CNBC Agnitio demos simplicity of voice ID on a mobile device Software Industry News Eye Tribe ukázal ovládání očí na Androidu, stačí pouze infračervený vysílač Zive Carglass, Alessandro Tognola vince il Best Of Belron 2014 Automobili10 Global Mobile Awards at Mobile World Congress 2014 The Fonecast.com Next-generation in connected car technology, navigation previewed MotorwayAmerica ImageWare Systems Begins Test Phase With T-Systems, Germany Wall Street Journal MWC 2014 tutte le novità più curiose dallo ShowStoppers TVTech.it Mobile World Congress Features Connected Cars, Indoor Positioning GPS World MWC 2014: Eye Tribe for Android, Eye Input for Scrolling, Gaming ANewDomain a smartphone case that cleans your phone screen with nubby microfibers and kills 99 percent of microbes ANewDomain Apple iPhone Add-On: Olloclip 4-in-1 Photo Lens Amps Up (hands-on) ANewDomain Debutta al MWC la nuova Symmetry Series di OtterBox, la custodia che unisce protezione e stile Digital News Channel Blackberry’s Q20 Looks Great, But It Won’t Be In Australia For Half A Year Gizmodo BlackBerry Z3 spotted at MWC 2014 CNET Australia Wearable devices the new frontier Hindustan Times MWC Day 2 Briefs: AT&T, IBM, AppDirect, Cellebrite, Webroot, Twilio, MIPI Alliance, SAP AG Wireless Week BeeWi BBH202 : le casque Bluetooth (aptX) français qui se met en scène Qobuz.com #MWC14: BlackBerry At ShowStoppers Smashpipe Magazine [MWC 2014] OtterBox sbarca in Europa con una nuova linea di custodie [Video] iSpazio Opera Max, browser app designed to save your bandwidth Mobile88 Opera Max Is the Little App That Saves Your Bandwidth Webnuz BlackBerry Forges Ahead With Introduction of New Products, Services Nigeria Communications Week MWC 2014: BeeWi Bluetooth Devices Launch ANewDomain MWC 2014: Plantronics Debuts Voyager Edge, BackBeat FIT Headphones ANewDomain MWC 2014: ShowStoppers Event – Plantronics, Emporia, Garmin PocketPC.ch Mio Global to Showcase Word’s First Wrist-Worn Heart Rate Monitor Technology The International News Magazine Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First … DigitalJournal.com Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First-Ever Eye Tracker SDK For … IT News Online Yezz Andy A5QP CNET Yezz’s eight-core Andy A5QP will hit Europe in mid-march for 319 … CNET MWC 2014: The 5 most frivolous pieces of tech from ShowStoppers Pocket Gamer MWC 2014: Play Fruit Ninja with your eyes with the Eye Tribe Tracker Pocket Gamer MWC 2014: Mad Catz shows off its C.T.R.L.i for iOS devices and talks about future unconsole plans Pocket Gamer BlackBerry announces $200 smartphone, but emphasises security The Guardian BlackBerry details sub-$200 Z3, Q20 with trackpad and full keyboard Phonedog.com The Eye Tribe debuts first-ever eye tracker SDK for Android Computer News Middle East Galaxy S5, Nokia ‘Windroid,’ BlackBerry: The hype hits the fan InfoWorld MWC 2014 – BlackBerry Messenger arrive sur le Nokia X et Windows Phone CNET France BlackBerry Z3 και Q20: Επίσημα οι νέες προτάσεις της εταιρείας Techgear.gr BlackBerry to focus on enterprise, releases 2 mid-range phones, the Z3 and Q20 Fierce Wireless MWC: BlackBerry sends enterprise message with eBBM Gadget BlackBerry Z3 e Q20: touch e QWERTY per ritornare grandi Tom’s Hardware McAfee announces free Android, iOS protection IT Online Blackberry kündigt weiteres Smartphone mit Tastatur an | Frankfurter Neue Presse Frankfurter Neue Presse Mobile World Congress 2014, wearable tech en m’n iPhone is echt verouderd DutchCowboys Samsung Galaxy S5: Why I’m rooting for the little guys ZDNet Yezz Andy A5QP: Der Octa-Core-Pionier auf dem MWC 2014 Areamobile.de MWC 2014 tutte le novità più curiose dallo ShowStoppers Hardware Upgrade Habiliter l’avenir des appareils mobiles : The Eye Tribe révèle le premier SDK de suivi du regard pour Android au Mobile World Congress Pocket BlackBerry promete regresar a los teclados físicos con el Q20 – Qore Qore Sub-$200 BlackBerry Phone Coming in April From Foxconn CIO.com BlackBerry CEO Says Here to Compete, Regain Lost Ground CIO.com MWC 2014: dispositivo visual para uso industrial (vídeo) Computerworld Portugal BlackBerry-Revival: “Jeder liebt unsere Keyboards” Computerwelt MWC: Blackberry kündigt Touchscreen-Smartphone Z3 und Tastatur-Modell Q20 an ZDNet.de BlackBerry Z3, el modelo táctil más asequible con BlackBerry 10 Gadgets Tecnología y Electrónica 鸿海与Blackberry合作首款手机Z3亮相售价低于200美元 DigiTimes BlackBerry lifts lid on BES12, goes big on security and reliability TechRadar MWC 2014 – BlackBerry : 2 smartphones, un nouveau BES et BBM en version pro ZD Net.fr BlackBerry plans new ‘retro’ phone Independent.ie BlackBerry To Launch BES-12 And Other Enterprise Initiatives CXO Today.com BlackBerry showcases ‘affordable Z3’, Q20 at MWC Business Standard Vodafone partners with Opera software to launch Opera Web Pass in India The Economic Times McAfee Mobile Security solution for Android announced at MWC 2014 Hardware.Info België LOSTnFOUND präsentiert preisgekröntes Hilfssystem, das Demenzpatienten verfolgen kann Las Vegas Review-Journal AGNITiO Voice iD Awarded for Innovation and Design by Envisioneering at MWC Contact Center Solutions – TMCnet Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation And Design Award Winner (imageware Systems Inc) World News Navigon Garmin GPS pour Sony Xperia et Smartwatch 2 Hello Coton Opera Max skal halvere dataforbruket på mobilen E24 AirWatch Secure Content Locker bietet zusammen mit EyeVerify … APA OTS AirWatch Secure Content Locker to Integrate with EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification for Biometric … Sacramento Bee Ethertronics Further Revolutionizes the RF Front End with New … The Herald | HeraldOnline.com Mobile World Congress 2014 Day Zero Cult of Mac Lista degli espositori all’evento Showstoppers Techzilla.it ShowStoppers MWC 2014: il meglio della kermesse di Barcellona ridble AirWatch Secure Content Locker to Integrate with EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification for Biometric Protection of Secure Document Access Abc 27 Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First-Ever Eye Tracker SDK For Android At Mobile World Congress Abc 27 42 Wireless Leaders & Startups Mix History, Culture, New Products At Record-setting ShowStoppers Press Event In Barcelona TheStreet 42 Wireless Leaders & Startups Mix History, Culture, New Products At Record-setting ShowStoppers Press Event In Barcelona TheStreet ImageWare Systems Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation and Design Award Winner Announced for ShowStoppers@Mobile World Congress 2014 – Barcelona KSFY News AirWatch Secure Content Locker To Integrate With EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification For Biometric Protection Of Secure Document Access TheStreet LOSTnFOUND präsentiert preisgekröntes Hilfssystem, das Demenzpatienten verfolgen kann Northwest Cable News Mobile World Congress 2014 Day Zero [Liveblog Tech Investor News OtterBox Blends Protection and Style with New Symmetry Series at MWC HispanicBusiness.com LOSTnFOUND presents the award-winning assistance system that helps track dementia patients HardwareLogic Magellan’s Echo Smart Sports Watch Uses Nordic Semiconductor Chip to Stream Smartphone App Data for up to 11 Months Satellite Spotlight ImageWare Systems Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation and Design Award Winner Announced for ShowStoppers@Mobile World Congress 2014 – Barcelona IT News Online What mattered at Mobile World Congress day zero: Samsung Gear, Firefox phones, fierce convertible competition en.Parset.com MWC 2014: ShowStoppers Event – Plantronics, Emporia, Garmin PocketPC.ch LOSTnFOUND presents the award-winning assistance system that helps track dementia patients The Telegraph AirWatch Integrates IntelÂ® Device Protection Technology into its Comprehensive Security Platform for Enterprise Android Devices San Antonio Business Journal McAfee Delivers on Intel Vision of Free Mobile Security for Consumers iPhone News McAfee’s free antivirus app for Android hits the Google Play store TechRadar BlackBerry to bring BBM to Windows Phone and Nokia X Android platform V3.co.uk Avantgarde Acoustics展示Zero 1音响 小熊在线 AirWatch Integrates IntelA® Device Protection Technology Into Its Comprehensive Security Platform For Enterprise Android Devices TheStreet Opera browser debuts on Nokia X software platform Voice & data Online × Registration Criteria   ShowStoppers registration criteria for working press and industry analysts Showstoppers invites and admits only qualifying journalists working at print, TV and radio business, technology, consumer-electronics and consumer media; selected and qualifying bloggers; qualifying industry analysts; and qualifying members of investment banks and venture capital firms. Showstoppers is a private event. Showstoppers is an invitation-only event. Showstoppers events are NOT open to the public. A tradeshow press badge is NOT an invitation. A tradeshow press badge does NOT grant the holder automatic admission to Showstoppers. Showstoppers does NOT accept registrations with email addresses from yahoo.com, netzero.com, hotmail.com, and other free services that have nothing to do with a publication, TV or radio station. We require a publication-based email address. Showstoppers does NOT accept registrations with email addresses from msn.com, compuserve.com, aol.com and other generic services that have nothing to do with a publication, TV or radio station. We require a publication-based email address. Showstoppers reserves the right to require verification that you are working media. In some cases, we may ask you to provide a copy of a published article with your byline, a publication masthead listing you as a contributor or staff member, a video or audio tape, or a letter on official stationary from your publisher or broadcast producer. When in doubt, contact Steve at least TWO WEEKS prior to the event, or bring a copy of an article to on-site registration. Showstoppers reserves the right to refuse admission to anyone who does not comply with these policies. Showstoppers reserves the right to refuse admission to anyone who does not meet our press-qualification criteria. Broadcast teams Camera and recording crews are welcome to attend Showstoppers. Each member of the crew is required to register separately. Contact Steve to set this up. Online media & blogs Submit a link to an online masthead and an article with your byline that appeared within the past three months. Send this to Steve. Freelancers Submit a letter on letterhead from an editorial contact at a publication indicating that you are covering the tradeshow for that publication. Send this to Steve. User groups At the specific request of sponsors, Showstoppers events are NOT open to non-editorial members of User Groups. When in doubt When in doubt, email or send via USPS a copy of a RECENT article. When in doubt, bring a copy of a RECENT article to on-site registration. Send this to Steve. We will not admit At the request of our sponsors, Showstoppers events are NOT open to: Registrations that do not include a working URL. Registrations that do not include a working email address. Personal and non-press Web site writers, editors and/or creators. Personal and non-press Bloggers. Blogs and Web sites that exist only to aggregate and republish coverage that originates from other sources. Production companies. Boyfriends, girlfriends, significant others. About blogs Anyone can post a blog. Anyone can post to a blog. That does not make you a reporter, journalist or industry analyst. Just like driving fast does not make you a professional driver of race cars. × Selected Coverage CES 2016 Huffington Post: CES 2016: There’s No Place Like Ohm Forbes: OLED Displays Finally Go Mainstream As CES 2016 Bright Spot For Notebooks Engadget: Sex is back at CES GizWizBiz: Forget about carrying a bunch of chargers and cables when you travel. AV Nation: Connected 3: CES 2016 SF Gate: CES Has Become an Innovator’s Pre-Crowdfunding Launch Pad Forbes: HP Inc. Proved They Have Sustained Premium PC Prowess At CES 2016 Wall Street Journal: Truly Wireless Headphones but with a few strings attached Wall Street Journal: Does the world need a smarter umbrella? Huffington Post: CES 2016: A Tech Dream in the Desert Fox News: The best of CES 2016 BBC: CES 2016: Smart gadgets for all the family – and dog – BBC News Straits Times: Drawing another dimension CE: This Year’s Consumer Electronics Show in Perspective Consumer gadgets are finally getting connected and smart These Hush Smart Earplugs Are So Good, I Was Almost Able to Sleep at CES Sevenhugs Smart Remote aims to free your smartphone from connected-home duty New York Times: On Display at CES, Tech Ideas in Their Awkward Adolescence – NYTimes.com ChipChick: WowWee CHiP is the Robotic Dog We’ve Been Waiting For TechCrunch: 10 of the coolest gadgets we saw at CES 2016 Gizmodo: All the Gadgets at CES Look Like Sex Toys USA Today: Get your paws on the latest pet tech at CES 2016 Fortune: The Coolest Things We Saw at CES This Year Seattle Times/Bloomberg: 10 cool new things from CES 2016 Wired: The Universal Remote’s Secret Calling Is the Smart Home Wall Street Journal: Best of CES 2016: The Wondrous and Wacky Year Ahead in Gadgets – WSJ.com Nasdaq.com / TheStreet: Making Virtual Friends and Riding Fast Cars at CES in Las Vegas – Presented by: The Aol. On Network Media & Entertainment Technologies: Showstoppers brings OEMs to the product floor Soon, You’ll Be Able to Control Every Corner of Your Smart Homes with a Single Universal Remote | Builder Magazine What it’s like listening to a $50,000 pair of headphones USA Today: These earbuds could change the way you hear Remix OS is about to bring multi-window Android to your spare PC Hands-On With The Skully AR-1 Augmented Reality Motorcycle Helmet Tom’s Hardware: The QNAP TBS-453A Changes The NAS Game Straits Times: CES 2016: A look at this year’s coolest gear Engadget: The Skreens app puts all of your HDMI signals on one display Slashgear: Neeo hands-on: one smart remote to control them all – SlashGear Gottabemobile: Earin True Wireless Earbuds Impress at CES 2016 3DPrint: ROBO 3D Offers Comprehensive 3D Experience at CES 2016, Highlights New Printers & More | 3DPrint.com Yahoo News: Meet CleverPet, the Electronic Game That’s Like ‘Simon’ For Dogs AppleInsider: First Alert debuts IP camera, HomeKit-enabled Onelink products including, fire alarm, environment monitor & safe CNET: The most intriguing tech from Showstoppers at CES 2016 AppleInsider: CES ShowStoppers: Hackaball programmable toy, Fasetto Link mini NAS Forbes: The Five Most Disruptive Innovations at CES 2016 Australian: Handing pooches pause for thought CES ShowStoppers: Hackaball programmable toy, Fasetto Link mini NAS BUNews.com: Hydrogen Power: Not Just For Cars BUNews.com: Invitation Only: A Peek at Showstoppers Getty Images for Associated Press CES: Everything is becoming “smart” CES: Where even the showers are “smart” Making Virtual Friends and Riding Fast Cars at CES in Las Vegas Jabra Presents The Future Of Intelligent Audio FreeCast Unveils Game-Changing Select TV Box at CES 2016 ShowStoppers Major Media Event 3D Transformations with @Robo3dprinter R2 Mini #Showstoppers #CES2016 SKULLY showcases AR-1 helmet Active Edge debuts wearable technology with health benefits The Skreens app puts all of your HDMI signals on one display The Best of CES 2016 in Las Vegas Blueair says 2016 Will See Its Disruptive Indoor Air Purification Technologies Making Health Enhancing Breakthroughs Forget vinyl — better digital sound is on the way Jazz up your workout gear with these 11 awesome fitness wearables from CES 2016 http://www.avnation.tv/avnation-shows/connected/connected-3/ CleverPet: The First Game Console for Dogs Debuts at CES Smart Home and VR headline ShowStoppers LaunchIt CES 2016: Fiera – A Female Arousal Tool Everyone Should Get Excited About Tech Feature Mad Catz 10 Most Hardcore Gaming-Capable Android Tech at CES 2016 The Philadelphia Inquirer Jonathan Takiff column [The Philadelphia Inquirer] Gizmo Guy: Robot Heaven CES 2016: PIQ Multi-Sport Sensor Making Sense of Smart Home Tech at CES 2016 Sengled Showcases Award-Winning Products at 2016 Consumer Electronics Show (CES) Envisioneering selects 19 companies, 32 products for annual tech innovation awards CleverPet’s Game Console for Dogs Wins Day One of CES 2016. Amlin Andretti Brings Formula E Racing to Consumer Electronics Show Blueair’s smart indoor air monitoring, control and purification system removes health-sapping pollutants at home and work FFrench Company Aroma Therapeutics Launches Kickstarter Program in Conjunction with Opening of CES CES 2016 – Blueair Receives Three Prestigious Awards At The Biggest Consumer Electronics Show On Earth CES Always Has Jewels, Promises, Something for Everyone The laziest gadgets at the Consumer Electronics Show French startup revolution takes CES by storm Here are the products that helped me survive my first CES AfterMaster Honored With Three Prestigious Awards For Outstanding Innovation And Design At ShowStoppers During The 2016 CES Show Internet of things the easy way with wifithing. Wifithing launches open source internet of things platform Hands on with Wifithing https://www.digitalwallonia.be/en-direct-du-ces2016/ http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/envisioneering-selects-19-companies-32-products-fo http://funkykit.com/news/accessories/2141-revolutionary-code-free-iot-platform-taps-kickstarter-for-funding http://www.enostech.com/revolutionary-code-free-iot-platform-taps-kickstarter-for-funding/ http://www.macworld.com/video/61027/the-wifithing-promises-simple-iot-control-of-devices http://www.macitynet.it/ces-2016-wifithing-piattaforma-semplificare-linternet-delle-cose/ http://www.investorideas.com/news/2016/technology/01072.asp http://www.geeky-gadgets.com/new-wifithing-internet-of-things-hardware-requires-no-programming-12-01-2016/ http://energia.nu/blog/ https://twitter.com/HiTechchic/status/687481401734631424/photo/1 Major Drone Manufacturer Snaps Up Intelligent Energy’s Game-Changer for Drone Range [Flight Time] MacVoices #16046: ShowStoppers – STM Goes Beyond Bags To Pro… TWiT Live Specials 267 ShowStoppers 2016 | TWiT.TV AZTechBeat 3Plus Launches New Smartwatch and Connected Wearables at CES 2016 CES 2016: Owlet Smart Sock Wearable Baby Monitor ‘Simplehuman,’ Smart Mirror That Controls Brightness, Recognizing User’s Face Re-fuel Introduced Various Battery Devices HP Introduced Various Laptops, Including ‘Star Wars Special Edition Laptop’ Toughtested Showcased Outdoor Products, Optimized to Field Activity World Liberty TV Skully Introduced the World’s First AR Helmet Decibullz Introduced a Customized Earphone Smart Home and VR headline ShowStoppers LaunchIt Prismdesigns Introduced iPad Stylus Pen ‘REMORA’ and Charger ‘BASE’ HP Introduced Ink Change Service, ‘Instant Ink’ Primera presenta la impresora todo en uno Trio más pequeña y liviana del mundo 10 eye-opening ways virtual reality is being used (besides gaming) Actionproof’s ‘BOZON,’ Premium Silicon Charge Dock for Apple Watch Actionproof Introduced ‘The Bumper’ That Protects Apple Watch from External Shock HP unleashes a new and improved Sprout Pro for the classroom VR puts your eyes in another world; Sennheiser Ambeo brings your ears along 2016 CES Takeaway CES 2016 – Blueair Receives Three Prestigious Awards At The Biggest Consumer Electronics Show On Earth × Request Press Kit as Zip File Send us mail Name * E-Mail * Subject * Message * × Analytics powered by GoStats Scroll to top
Facebook Twitter Youtube Admin Our Events ShowStoppers @ CES 2017 Snapshot Pro ShowStoppers @ MWC 2017 ShowStoppers @ CE Week 2017 ShowStoppers @ NAB 2017 ShowStoppers @ IFA 2017 ShowStoppers @ MWC Americas 2017 Press About Us Search Blog - Latest News You are here: Home / IFA 2016 / Skullcandy® launches wireless product innovations at IFA 2016 Skullcandy® launches wireless product innovations at IFA 2016 September 1, 2016/in IFA 2016 /by Steve Reveals New Barricades Bluetooth® Speaker Line, New Crusher® Immersive Audio Headphones and latest addition to Sport Performance range. (NASDAQ:SKUL), the performance and lifestyle audio brand founded at the intersection of music, sports, technology, and creative culture, is expanding several product categories with new wireless offerings at IFA 2016 in Berlin. These products are geared towards consumers who live life at full volume, from multimedia enthusiasts to outdoor adventurers. Skullcandy will display Crusher® Wireless, an immersive multi-sensory experience for media consumption available fall 2016; a preview of the most premium headphone in the Crusher family, Crusher VRA™ available in early 2017; Barricade™ Portable Speakers; and Method™ Wireless sports headphones available 2016. BARRICADE™ PORTABLE SPEAKERS: RUGGED AND REFINED Skullcandy is introducing a family of new products that lead the category in audio quality, power and durability. All come packed with a powerful volume to size ratio that doesn’t sacrifice quality acoustics, as well as an iconic, stainless steel-accented design that’s stylish enough for any room in the home. The collection features three sizes: Barricade™ Mini, Barricade™, and Barricade™ XL. Barricade Mini, a leader in its category, is the most lightweight and compact of the Barricade Family and is perfect for on-the-go listening. Barricade Mini is equipped with Bluetooth wireless, 6-hour battery life, durable attachment loop and water and impact-resistant construction. Barricade™ Mini will be available for €39.99. Barricade builds on this product line with an IPX 7 waterproof rating, floatable design, 8-hour battery life, external device charging, built-in microphone, multi-speaker connectivity, and AUX in/out functionality. Barricade™ will be available for €69.99. The loudest and strongest speaker in the collection, Barricade XL, is the pinnacle portable speaker in this family. It includes all the features of the Barricade plus extends battery life to 10 hours, enables multi-speaker pairing and comes with twice the driver power for a feature-rich offering at €129.99. Tags: Skullcandy Share this entry Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Share on Linkedin Share on Tumblr Share on Vk Share on Reddit Share by Mail http://www.showstoppers.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/ShowStoppers-logo-fix-up-2.png 0 0 Steve http://www.showstoppers.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/ShowStoppers-logo-fix-up-2.png Steve2016-09-01 16:00:522016-08-23 14:01:47Skullcandy® launches wireless product innovations at IFA 2016 You might also like Skullcandy previews the Uproar Wireless Skullcandy® launcht innovative wireless-produkte auf der IFA 2016 Recent Posts Are you looking for the hottest startups at CES 2017? IHS Markit to Judge Tech Innovators, Innovations at CES in Las Vegas ZTE Set to Bring Breath-taking Audio to IFA 2016 ShowStoppers launches new press event concurrent with Mobile World Congress Americas 80 companies, innovators and startups intro new gear, gadgets to nearly 1,000 journalists from around the world at ShowStoppers, official press event of IFA tradeshow in Berlin Connect with Us Contact Us ShowStoppers LLC View Contacts (440) 914-9500 5401 Naiman Parkway Cleveland, OH 44139 Pure Monster Sound – You Have To Hear It To Believe It! Canary: All-in-one security with HD camera, siren, and air monitor Get Agreement MWC Americas × × Get Agreement CTIA × Mark Brennan Principal at Brennan Capital Partners — and an entrepreneurial consultant who specializes in providing both strategic & operations management consulting services to client companies. Client companies are typically seed/early stage ventures located in the southwest region of the US. Often takes an equity position in the client company in addition to fees to more closely align interests with outcomes. Active entrepreneur & private equity/angel investor since 1994. Have personally founded and operated several companies since 1994 and have experienced successful exits. × Andy White Andy White at Vegas Tech Fund, a seed stage investment fund that focuses on investing in founders and startups that solve huge problems — and who are committed to building a vibrant, connected tech community in downtown Las Vegas. We see an opportunity to create a City as an incubator and aim to invest in companies who share that vision and want to build on it. × 3950 S Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas, NV 89119 × What a table looks like × University Barcelona Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes, 585 08007 Barcelona × Messe-Berlin Fairgrounds -Messedamm 22, 14055 Berlin, Germany × The Metropolitan and Altman Buildings 135 W. 18th St., NYC (between 6th and 7th Avenues) × Wynn Las Vegas 3131 S. Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas NV × Get Agreement NAB × Get Agreement CE Week × Get Agreement MWC × Get Agreement CES × Get Agreement IFA × Selected Coverage IFA 2016 Selected coverage, ShowStoppers @ IFA 2016 80 companies, innovators and startups intro new gear, gadgets to nearly 1,000 journalists from around the world at ShowStoppers, official press event of IFA tradeshow in Berlin IHS Markit Announces Innovation Awards Winners at ShowStoppers at IFA in Berlin Dealerscope: UNBOXED: Aftershokz Trekz Titanium Headphones Engadget: I FA 2016That’s a Wrap Engadget: IFA 2016: All things mobile Verge: The da Vinci Mini is a cheap 3D printer for people who really want to own a 3D printer Today Show Australia: Trevor Long at IFA 2017 broadcasting LIVE on The Today Show Australia Today Show Australia: Live on the Today Show from Berlin with new gadgets for Christmas 2016 Wired: Für euch ausprobiert: Die Gadget-Highlights der IFA 2016 Engadget: Lenovo’s Yoga Book is part tablet, part sketch pad Engadget: Lenovo’s two new tablets include a lower-cost Surface Pro rival Forbes: IFA 2016 Key Analyst Takeaways Gear Diary: Lenovo Launches Amazing New Android and Windows Yoga Books; I Want One! Huffington Post: IFA 2016: New Tech in the Old World New York Times: If 1 Lens on a Phone Camera Is Good, Are 2 Better? Network World: Lenovo kicks off IFA with four new notebook/tablet offerings Wired: W e Love You, Absurd Gadgets That Rocket Us Into the Future USA Today: Slender Lenovo Yoga Book tabet lets you write with real ink Yahoo Tech: Oval TVs, smart kitchen hoods: top trends at IFA tech fair BBC: Samsung’s Big Recall – interview with Carolina Milanesi at IFA Slashgear: DJI Osmo Mobile hands-on: A stabilized bargain for the camera you always carry TechnoBuffalo: Kobo Aura One eReader hands-on: Amazon should copy these features Engadget: IFA 2016 showed us how far wearables have come Engadget: The best of the rest at IFA 2016 Slashgear: SlashGear’s Best of IFA 2016! ZDNet: All the hardware hightlights from this year’s IFA TechnoBuffalo: Yuneec Breeze drone first look: A kick-ass and affordable new drone TechRadar: With a bit of polish, IFA could emerge as a magnificent show Verge: The gadget market is alive and well at IFA, Europe’s biggest tech show TechRadar: TomTom’s new devices tread ground PCMag UK: Hands On With Lenovo’s Miix Laptops and Yoga Tablet TWICE: IFA 2016: Global CE Revenues Projected To Fall 5% in 2016 Engadget: IFA 2016 day zero: Selfie-phones and barista robots PocketNow: Lenovo Yoga 910 and Yoga Tab 3 Plus bring hi-res with low-impact form factors MSN: We get you the top gadgets announced at one of the biggest consumer electronics shows, IFA 2016 Philadelphia Inquirer: Gimzo Guy: Round of the best new watches and music devices AVING: ShowStoppers Press Event at IFA2016 PocketNow: Thin, screenful Lenovo Yoga Book runs on Android or Windows 10 MSN: Berlin’s IFA fair dons virtual reality headsets TechnoBuffalo: Lenovo Yoga book 910 Digital Trends: Misfit’s Ray will soon be sold in Apple stores, with exclusive Apple-y colors Computerblog.ro: Cum arată un smartwatch care ajunge la 1.500 de euro: Garmin Fenix Chronos Computerblog.ro: Logitech a prezentat la IFA Berlin noii mouși silențioși GadgetshowDaily: https://www.instagram.com/p/BJ8B66pjWoE/ Mobile Nations: The Yoga Book Is Too Cool For A Keyboard Hindustan Times: A gold-plated walkman or a ‘visionary’ notebook? Our top 10 tech must-haves Chip Chick: UDoq Review – Because Devices That Charge Together, Stay Together Dealerscope: WIR: IFA 2016 is a Game Changer RedBull.com: Apple iPhone7 and earpods – what you need to know Androidiani: Here One: Aperti i preordini Chip Chick: Samsung AddWash Front-Load Washer and Electric Dryer Review Chip Chick: Tile Lost and Found Trackers Will Soon Be Built Into Wallets and Purses CBS Radio: Security camera uses artificial intellgence to know if someone is an intruder CNET: Gadgets Galore Dealerscope: Key take aways from the IFA opening press conference Dealerscope: Booming Business in Berlin: An IFA 2016 Wrap Up AGDLab.pl: IFA 2016 – iRobot i inni, czyli porządek w domu bez kiwnięcia palcem BoyGeniusReview: Best of IFA 2016 Mako: סמרטוט חשמלי ומציאות מדומה: מהעודימציאו? Forbes: IFA 2016 Key Analyst Takeaways Indian Express: Market is moving from general purpose to scenario-based devices: Lenovo Chip Chick: Sen.se Launches SensePeanut, a New Line of Simple Smart Home Products Hearing Aid News: ReSound Strengthens Smart Hearing Portfolio with New Mini BTE Casadomo.com: D-Link mostró en IFA sus novedades en routers, cámaras y domótica Audiology Online: ReSound Strengthens Smart Hearing Portfolio with New Mini BTE Trusted Reviews: Withings Steel HR Yahoo News: Zagg debuts new headphones, chargers, screen protectors at IFA 2016 TechRadar: Hands on: Lenovo Ideacentre Y710 Cube review ETtech.com: 10 most interesting gadgets from IFA 2016 Economic Times: 5 most interesting gadgets from IFA 2016 Android Authority: Best of IFA 2016: From Android to Audio & Computing Mobile Today: IFA 2016: VR steals the show Chip Chick: Fossil Adds Some Beautiful New Hybrid Smartwatches to Their Q Line Portal der Wirtschaft: IFA-Erfolg: Großes Medien-Echo und UX Design Award für smarte Hörgeräte ReadWrite: TomTom announces three fitness wearables at IFA 2016 Digital Trends: Affordable laptops aren’t just ‘good enough’ anymore, they’re amazing Digital Trends: BEST MOBILE ACCESSORIES OF IFA 2016 Euronews: Home robots all the rage at IFA in Berlin CCTV-America: Berlin’s IFA trade show displays newest gadgets Verge: At IFA 2016, style trumped specs News.com.au: Five of the best gadgets launched at IFA 2016, from smartwatches to tablets you can write on theDroidReview.com: Video: UMi Max was presented at IFA 2016 in Berlin, Germany 17wh: 对不起，我一不小心都火到国外了  NoodIs-India: Plantronics unveils bold new Backbeat Fit colors at IFA 2016 Trade Mid East: ReSound® Returns to International Consumer Electronics Show to Feature Expanded Portfolio of Smart Hearing Aids Middle East News Wire Today: ReSound® Returns to International Consumer Electronics Show to Feature Expanded Portfolio of Smart Hearing Aids TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 299 IFA 2016 DAY 1: SHOWSTOPPERS TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 300 IFA 2016 DAY 2: CORDLESS VR AND THE BEST OF SAMSUNG TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 301 IFA 2016 DAY 3: AUF WIEDERSEHEN Digital Trends: A washer that kills germs in cold water and more cool laundry machines from IFA 2016 Legginotizie: Plantronics tra cinque nuovi colori e le prime cuffie ibride wireless BackBeat 1000 Palo.gr: Είδαμε το πανέμορφο activity smartwatch Garmin fenix Chronos (hands-on photos @ ShowStoppers / IFA 2016) Giga.de: udoq: Universelles Lade-Dock für Smartphones und Tablets im Hands-On-Video Sydney Morning Herald: IFA 2016: Lenovo’s Phab2 Pro brings Google’s Project Tango augmented reality to life ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Lenovo Reveal First Handset With Support For Google AR ChinaTopix: Lenovo Unveils Phab2 Pro Smartphone at IFA 2016 Featuring Google’s Project Tango Augmented Reality The TeCake: Lenovo unveils A Plus and P2 smartphone at IFA 2016 Gamenguide: IFA 2016 Latest News & Update: Lenovo A Plus Price, Specs & Release Date ABP Live: Lenovo launches P2 and A Plus smartphones at IFA 2016 ChinaTopix: Lenovo Officially Unveils Lenovo P2 and A Plus Smartphones at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Lenovo Debuts Pair Of New Smartphones PC-Tablet Media: IFA 2016: Lenovo Yoga 910 laptop, Yoga Tab 3 Plus and more announced ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Jabra Enters True Wireless Earbuds Arena With Elite Sport IndianExpress: Lenovo is number two smartphone brand by value in India: IDC Science World Report: Digital Trends Picks Top Tech From IFA 2016, Best Gadgets, Events IT Pro: IFA 2016: Tech that business professionals shouldn’t miss Manila Bulletin: AMD VR Ready processors showcased at IFA 2016 NDTV: Withings Steel HR Smartwatch With Heart Rate Sensor Launched Mashable: At IFA 2016, smart appliances and virtual reality take center stage USA Today: Cheaper phones, brighter TVs rule IFA tech show The Inquirer: What you missed in tech last week: IFA 2016, Note 7 recall, Dropbox hack Engadget: IFA 2016: The rose gold edition TWICE: 5 New Headphones Ready For A Lightning-Only iPhone 7 Digital Life: Είδαμε το πανέμορφο activity smartwatch Garmin fenix Chronos ConnexieB2B: Plantronics onthult nieuwe gewaagde kleuren voor BackBeat FIT HIAPK: 优必选科技领衔IFA电子展 展现中国优质产品实力 ComputerHoy: ShowStoppers: los mejores inventos en IFA 2016 India Dailymotion: ShowStoppers: los mejores inventos en IFA 2016 Elektro Market: Los auriculares de Plantronics dan color a IFA Hospodarske Noviny: To nejlepší z IFA: Televize sahají po dokonalosti a o nové počítače se můžete pořezat TouchIT: IFA 2016: Robot Windowmate umyje okná za vás Yahoo Japan: フォッシルが激オシャレ＆高性能なスマートウォッチを大量投入！ B Hatena: <IFA> Beyerdynamic, the DSP equipped aptX corresponding BT earphone “Byron BTA”, etc. – Phile-web Phileweb: ＜IFA＞ベイヤーダイナミック、DSP搭載のaptX対応BTイヤホン「Byron BTA」など Gizblog: IFA 2016: Udoq, docking station per tutti i dispositivi mobile TouchIT: IFA 2016: Panono je 360-stupňová kamera s rozlíšením 108MP (video) Naslovi.net: Selfi “manijaci”, radujte se! Mundo Digital/Ethevaldo: Gadgets lançados na IFA são encantadores Naslovi.net: Da više nikad ništa ne izgubite 88News: Plantronics enthüllt BackBeat FIT in aufregenden neuen Farben auf der IFA 2016 Indian Express: IFA 2016: Lenovo A Plus with 4.5-inch FWVGA display, 5MP camera launched DNA India: IFA 2016: Lenovo A Plus and Lenovo P2 smartphones unveiled Phone Radar: Lenovo P2 and A Plus Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 starting 69 Euros Dekh News: Lenovo K6 Series Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 Specification Features Price NDTV: All the big launches from IFA Berlin, summarised MSPoweruser: IFA 2016: Forget mobile, the PC is back, baby Digital Trends: 9 important trends at IFA that will shape the tech world this holiday season News247: Δέκα gadgets από την IFA που θέλεις να δεις Khaleej Times: The newest smartphones at IFA Berlin 2016 Express Tribune: Check out these eye-catching gizmos at the Berlin IFA fair Yahoo News: Mega tech fair IFA dives head-first into virtual reality Engadget: IFA 2016 day one: Battle-worn BB-8 and Acer’s new Chromebook Gadgets & Wearables: The hottest wearables of IFA 2016 Gearbrain: Eye-Tracking Laptops, a Robotic Elf And Tech That Lets You Take Calls With Your Finger Malay Mail Online: Waterproof gadgets make a splash at Berlin tech fair Digital Trends: Digital Trends Top Tech of IFA 2016 Award Winners CNBC: Five gadgets to make your home smarter The TeCake: New fitness tracker by TomTom goes live at IFA 2016 Mag Series: IFA 2016: TomTom presenta Curfer, Go e Vio News18: IFA 2016: TomTom Announces New Fitness Wearables, Updates Sports Watches Android Community: TomTom intros new GPS Sports Watches, fitness trackers at IFA 2016 Solo News: TomTom Runner 3, Spark 3 e Adventurer | Anteprima IFA 2016 NDTV: Lenovo A Plus, Lenovo P2 Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 TabTimes: Hands-on with the Lenovo Miix 510 at IFA 2016 Android Headlines: IFA 2016 Complete Wrap-Up: Everything You Need To Know Android Headlines: Best Of IFA 2016: Tablet, Chromebook & 2-in-1 Roundup News4c: Lenovo’s two new tablets to compete against Surface Pro SoloNews: IFA 2016: presentato Lenovo Miix 510, interessante tablet 2 in 1 Thurrot.com: HP Unveils New PCs at IFA 2016 – What The Tech Ep. 323 Ubergizmo: Ubergizmo’s Best of IFA 2016 TechRadar India: Fossil Q Wander Wired: We Love You, Absurd Gadgets That Rocket Us Into the Future Daily Sabah: Latest technology shown off at IFA Berlin trade fair PC Magazine: The Best Gadgets at IFA 2016 CNET: Here’s the coolest, most innovative and strangest tech we saw in Berlin ITWorld: A series of tubes: What’s next for home automation Mirror.co.uk: Smartwatches are going nowhere: Wearable technology takes centre stage at IFA 2016 Android Community: TomTom intros VIO and GO satnav devices at IFA in Berlin Rappler: At Berlin tech fair, waterproof gadgets make a splash Slashgear: SlashGear’s Best of IFA 2016! Slashgear: IFA 2016 Round-up: hands-on with the best – SlashGear Slashgear: Lenovo, Moto IFA 2016 teaser: different for the sake of better Slashgear: TomTom Spark 3, Runner 3 and Adventurer fitness GPS watches Slashgear: Withings Steel HR watch hands-on: classy heart rate time Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 2 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 3 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 5 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 4 Slashgear: IFA News & Live Coverage Slashgear: 3Doodler PRO gets into serious, professional business Slashgear: Neato Botvac D3 and D5 details: covering all bases Slashgear: Yuneec Breeze 4K selfie drone first-impressions Slashgear: ShowStoppers at IFA – SlashGear Slashgear: Wacom introduces Bamboo Slate and Folio smartpads, Bamboo Slashgear: Sen.se ThermoPeanut is a smart temp monitor for every nook Slashgear: TomTom VIO is a navigation display that uses your phone Slashgear: Lenovo Yoga Book goes on pre-order in the US Slashgear: DxO ONE iPhone camera add-on gets Wi-Fi remote, waterproof case Slashgear: TP-Link Neffos X1 and Neffos X1 Max are super thin smartphones Digital Trends: AMD’s latest deal with GlobalFoundries could help close the gap with Intel Enter Expo: Die Highlights der YouTuber | #IFA2016 Ubergizmo: New Sennheiser Headphones Launched At IFA 2016 Firstpost: IFA 2016: Sennheiser unveils new lineup of HD 2, HD 4 and HD 500 series headphones ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Sennheiser Brings High-End Audio To All Audiences Times of India: Sennheiser launches new headphones at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Sennheiser Team Up With GoPro TechRadar: TomTom’s new lineup of devices tread new ground Verge: This new 3D-printing pen draws with wood, copper, and bronze Times of India/Gadgets Now: HP Pavilion Wave, Elite Slice modular PC launched at IFA 2016 TechRadar: First look: HP Elite Slice NDTV: HDMI Alternate Mode Unveiled at IFA 2016 for USB Type-C to HDMI Cables TechRadar: Voice control lets you record on command with the Garmin VIRB Ultra 30 Sydney Morning Herald: IFA 2016: Plex live TV recording comes to Australia NDTV: Lenovo K6, K6 Power, and K6 Note Launched at IFA 2016 Times of India: Lenovo K6, K6 Power and K6 Note smartphones unveiled at IFA 2016 Times of India: Logitech M720 Triathlon Multi-Device mouse launched at IFA 2016 Gadget: IFA 2016: Lenovo unveils Yoga Book Which? Lenovo Yoga Book tablet – IFA 2016 first look review ETTelecom: IFA 2016: Lenovo unveils the Yoga Book, Motorola comes out with Z Play smartphone Engadget: IFA 2016 warm-up: Pet treats, smartwatches and more Which? Best smartphones of IFA 2016 Which? Best tech of IFA 2016 PC World: The weird, wild, and occasionally practical PC hardware of IFA 2016 Firstpost: Gear S3, Zenwatch, Predator 21X and more: IFA 2016 Day 1 Highlights CBS News: Smartwatches, keyboard-free laptops and more highlights from Europe’s biggest tech show BBC News: Smart home tech on show in Berlin Deutsche Welle: Home networking featured at IFA consumer electronics fair in Berlin Intopic: Il laptop da gaming HP Omen 17 presentato allo ShowStoppers di IFA 2016 Intopic: HP rinnova la linea per il gaming con il desktop Omen X Intopic: Withings Steel HR: il classico smartwatch dalle linee pulite con sensore HR PCMag Russia: PhotoFast представляет инновационный аксессуар — iType-C Dealerscope: Scenes from ShowStoppers at IFA 2016 Phile-Web: ＜IFA＞ゼンハイザーの新NC+BTヘッドホン「PXC 550」／ベイヤーからaptX HD対応ヘッドホン試作機 9to5Mac: Accessory makers race to launch new wireless & Lightning headphones ahead of iPhone 7 Yahoo News: The 5 biggest announcements from Lenovo’s IFA 2016 press conference Yahoo News: Lenovo’s IFA 2016 line-up includes a laptop with virtual keys and a supercharged 2-in-1 Indian Express: IFA 2016: Lenovo announces new YogaBook, Yoga 910, and more Neowin: Lenovo announces the Yoga 910 and the Miix 510 at IFA 2016 News18: Lenovo Announces a New Keyboard-Less Yoga Book at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Logitech Announces Trio Of New Mice NDTV: Logitech Unveils M720 Triathlon Multi-Device Mouse and Silent Mouse Series at IFA 2016 NotebookCheck: IFA 2016 | Lenovo: Convertible Yoga Book vorgestellt Engadget: We’re live from IFA 2016 in Berlin! NDTV: HP Pavilion Wave, Modular Elite Slice PCs Launched at IFA 2016 TechRadar: HP turns the desktop PC into a 360-degree sound system Verge: IFA 2016: the best laptops, tablets, and more The National: Eye-catching new gadgets as Berlin IFA warms up WTOP: IFA is back, and Berlin is ready Industry Week: Virtual Reality Gadgets Dominate Berlin Tech Show Deutsche Welle: IFA – good business with colorful screens Digital Trends: Hands-on: Lenovo Yoga 910 ABC News / AP: Samsung Updates Smartwatch, Lenovo Ditches Laptop Keyboard Chip Chick: Neato Makes Their Connected Vacuum Tech Cheaper With the Botvac D3 and D5 Chip Chick: The HP Elite Slice is a Tiny Stackable Office PC Chip Chick: The HP Pavilion Wave is a Desktop Computer That Thinks It’s a Speaker Chip Chick: Lenovo Gets Creative With the Chic Ultra-thin 2-in-1 Yoga Book Chip Chick: The Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 Has a Tougher Construction and a 4k Display Chip Chick: Lenovo’s Miix 510 is a Dead Ringer for the Microsoft Surface GadgetGear: IFA verwachtingen dag 2 Yahoo Finance: Day 1 in Berlin: Slick smartwatches, 360-degree speakers, and 4K Blu-ray Gorkana: IFA Berlin: what PRs need to know Elisberg: IFA Day One Huffington Post: IFA 2016: New Tech in the Old World TechRadar: Squeak no more: Logitech announces a silent mouse Wired.co.uk: Day one at IFA 2016: Stylish speakers, silent mice and Bluetooth trackers PC Magazine: What to Expect at IFA 2016 MobiPicker: AMD Will Be Present at IFA to Detail the Future of VR Yahoo News: Berlin’s IFA fair dons virtual reality headsets Dealerscope: Standouts from the Pre-IFA 2016 TechStars Dinner at Microsoft Berlin Euronews: The biggest consumer electronics fair hits Berlin Tech Times: IFA 2016: Smartphones, Wearables And Other Gadgets To Expect From Samsung, Sony, LG And more TechRadar: IFA 2016: What to expect from Samsung, Sony and more at Germany’s big tech show iSportsTimes.com: TOP 10 Most Anticipated Gadgets For The IFA 2016 iTech Post: All You Need To Know About This Year’s IFA Berlin Ubergizmo: IFA 2016: What To Expect Engadget: What to expect at this year’s IFA Yahoo News: What to expect from the epic tech extravaganza about to open in Berlin Mashable: One of the world’s biggest tech shows is about to begin DG News: Yuneec IFA 2016 neues smartes 4k-consumer-drohnen-highlight Nashville Chatter: IFA 2016 Event – 5 Devices to Expect from Berlin, Germany Daily News & Analysis: IFA 2016: Which Android smartphones and smartwatches to expect Free Malaysia Today: New-gen Android handsets and smartwatches in store for IFA 2016 Hexus: ADAM elements presents range at IFA 2016 and ShowStoppers What Hi-Fi? IFA 2016 preview: news, highlights and new products PhoneArena: IFA 2016: what to expect from Samsung, Sony and the rest TechnoBuffalo: New Sony smartphones, cameras and more teased in IFA invite Dealerscope: 7 Reasons I’m pumped for IFA PocketNow: Lenovo Yoga Tab 3 Plus 10 gets unofficial photoshoot, also spilling the specs beans 9to5Google: Huawei will launch Nova, Nova Plus smartphones, MediaPad M3 tablet at IFA CNET: Need a phone or refrigerator? Here’s what you’ll find at IFA Stuff: 6 Things we can’t wait to see at IFA TechCrunch: TechCrunch Podcast on IFA 2016 ReadWrite: Wearables cast a large shadow at IFA TechRadar India  IFA 2016: Here’s what we predict will show up at Germany’s biggest tech show Tom’s Guide  4 Reasons You Should Buy a 4K TV GearDiary  IFA Expands: CE China Set to Be the Premier Asian Consumer Electronics Trade Show GearDiary  DloDlo Glass V One Virtual Reality Glasses: Vaporwear? Or the World’s Smallest VR Headset? ChipChick  Want To Have Your Own Hello Kitty Washing Machine? You’re Probably Out of Luck ChipChick  Is China The New Frontier in Tech? IFA Is Betting On It Yahoo News  Drones, Apple clones, and a robot named Pudding at China’s first-ever CE Week Appliance Retailer  CE China makes debut Pocket-Lint  CE China: Bridging the divide in consumer electronics Korea Time  CE China to bridge global electronics firms, Chinese retailers Nigeria Today  IFA Consumer Electronics 2016 promises innovations, Korea Times  IFA seeks to boost electronics trade this year Korean Herald  IFA seeks to expand presence in China Korea JoongAng Daily  IFA prepares to launch first Asian event Korea Time  IFA 2016 to present newest IT trends, business opportunities AndroidPit  IFA 2016: all the latest news and updates × Selected Coverage MWC 2016 BBM Coming to Nokia X, Windows Phone Wall Street Journal MWC 2014: Vexia explains how it’s made a tiny phone with a huge screen at ShowStoppers Pocket Gamer Throw fruit and turn Kindle pages using only your eyes Wired.co.uk Tech Yeah! BlackBerry back to basics CNBC Agnitio demos simplicity of voice ID on a mobile device Software Industry News Eye Tribe ukázal ovládání očí na Androidu, stačí pouze infračervený vysílač Zive Carglass, Alessandro Tognola vince il Best Of Belron 2014 Automobili10 Global Mobile Awards at Mobile World Congress 2014 The Fonecast.com Next-generation in connected car technology, navigation previewed MotorwayAmerica ImageWare Systems Begins Test Phase With T-Systems, Germany Wall Street Journal MWC 2014 tutte le novità più curiose dallo ShowStoppers TVTech.it Mobile World Congress Features Connected Cars, Indoor Positioning GPS World MWC 2014: Eye Tribe for Android, Eye Input for Scrolling, Gaming ANewDomain a smartphone case that cleans your phone screen with nubby microfibers and kills 99 percent of microbes ANewDomain Apple iPhone Add-On: Olloclip 4-in-1 Photo Lens Amps Up (hands-on) ANewDomain Debutta al MWC la nuova Symmetry Series di OtterBox, la custodia che unisce protezione e stile Digital News Channel Blackberry’s Q20 Looks Great, But It Won’t Be In Australia For Half A Year Gizmodo BlackBerry Z3 spotted at MWC 2014 CNET Australia Wearable devices the new frontier Hindustan Times MWC Day 2 Briefs: AT&T, IBM, AppDirect, Cellebrite, Webroot, Twilio, MIPI Alliance, SAP AG Wireless Week BeeWi BBH202 : le casque Bluetooth (aptX) français qui se met en scène Qobuz.com #MWC14: BlackBerry At ShowStoppers Smashpipe Magazine [MWC 2014] OtterBox sbarca in Europa con una nuova linea di custodie [Video] iSpazio Opera Max, browser app designed to save your bandwidth Mobile88 Opera Max Is the Little App That Saves Your Bandwidth Webnuz BlackBerry Forges Ahead With Introduction of New Products, Services Nigeria Communications Week MWC 2014: BeeWi Bluetooth Devices Launch ANewDomain MWC 2014: Plantronics Debuts Voyager Edge, BackBeat FIT Headphones ANewDomain MWC 2014: ShowStoppers Event – Plantronics, Emporia, Garmin PocketPC.ch Mio Global to Showcase Word’s First Wrist-Worn Heart Rate Monitor Technology The International News Magazine Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First … DigitalJournal.com Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First-Ever Eye Tracker SDK For … IT News Online Yezz Andy A5QP CNET Yezz’s eight-core Andy A5QP will hit Europe in mid-march for 319 … CNET MWC 2014: The 5 most frivolous pieces of tech from ShowStoppers Pocket Gamer MWC 2014: Play Fruit Ninja with your eyes with the Eye Tribe Tracker Pocket Gamer MWC 2014: Mad Catz shows off its C.T.R.L.i for iOS devices and talks about future unconsole plans Pocket Gamer BlackBerry announces $200 smartphone, but emphasises security The Guardian BlackBerry details sub-$200 Z3, Q20 with trackpad and full keyboard Phonedog.com The Eye Tribe debuts first-ever eye tracker SDK for Android Computer News Middle East Galaxy S5, Nokia ‘Windroid,’ BlackBerry: The hype hits the fan InfoWorld MWC 2014 – BlackBerry Messenger arrive sur le Nokia X et Windows Phone CNET France BlackBerry Z3 και Q20: Επίσημα οι νέες προτάσεις της εταιρείας Techgear.gr BlackBerry to focus on enterprise, releases 2 mid-range phones, the Z3 and Q20 Fierce Wireless MWC: BlackBerry sends enterprise message with eBBM Gadget BlackBerry Z3 e Q20: touch e QWERTY per ritornare grandi Tom’s Hardware McAfee announces free Android, iOS protection IT Online Blackberry kündigt weiteres Smartphone mit Tastatur an | Frankfurter Neue Presse Frankfurter Neue Presse Mobile World Congress 2014, wearable tech en m’n iPhone is echt verouderd DutchCowboys Samsung Galaxy S5: Why I’m rooting for the little guys ZDNet Yezz Andy A5QP: Der Octa-Core-Pionier auf dem MWC 2014 Areamobile.de MWC 2014 tutte le novità più curiose dallo ShowStoppers Hardware Upgrade Habiliter l’avenir des appareils mobiles : The Eye Tribe révèle le premier SDK de suivi du regard pour Android au Mobile World Congress Pocket BlackBerry promete regresar a los teclados físicos con el Q20 – Qore Qore Sub-$200 BlackBerry Phone Coming in April From Foxconn CIO.com BlackBerry CEO Says Here to Compete, Regain Lost Ground CIO.com MWC 2014: dispositivo visual para uso industrial (vídeo) Computerworld Portugal BlackBerry-Revival: “Jeder liebt unsere Keyboards” Computerwelt MWC: Blackberry kündigt Touchscreen-Smartphone Z3 und Tastatur-Modell Q20 an ZDNet.de BlackBerry Z3, el modelo táctil más asequible con BlackBerry 10 Gadgets Tecnología y Electrónica 鸿海与Blackberry合作首款手机Z3亮相售价低于200美元 DigiTimes BlackBerry lifts lid on BES12, goes big on security and reliability TechRadar MWC 2014 – BlackBerry : 2 smartphones, un nouveau BES et BBM en version pro ZD Net.fr BlackBerry plans new ‘retro’ phone Independent.ie BlackBerry To Launch BES-12 And Other Enterprise Initiatives CXO Today.com BlackBerry showcases ‘affordable Z3’, Q20 at MWC Business Standard Vodafone partners with Opera software to launch Opera Web Pass in India The Economic Times McAfee Mobile Security solution for Android announced at MWC 2014 Hardware.Info België LOSTnFOUND präsentiert preisgekröntes Hilfssystem, das Demenzpatienten verfolgen kann Las Vegas Review-Journal AGNITiO Voice iD Awarded for Innovation and Design by Envisioneering at MWC Contact Center Solutions – TMCnet Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation And Design Award Winner (imageware Systems Inc) World News Navigon Garmin GPS pour Sony Xperia et Smartwatch 2 Hello Coton Opera Max skal halvere dataforbruket på mobilen E24 AirWatch Secure Content Locker bietet zusammen mit EyeVerify … APA OTS AirWatch Secure Content Locker to Integrate with EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification for Biometric … Sacramento Bee Ethertronics Further Revolutionizes the RF Front End with New … The Herald | HeraldOnline.com Mobile World Congress 2014 Day Zero Cult of Mac Lista degli espositori all’evento Showstoppers Techzilla.it ShowStoppers MWC 2014: il meglio della kermesse di Barcellona ridble AirWatch Secure Content Locker to Integrate with EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification for Biometric Protection of Secure Document Access Abc 27 Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First-Ever Eye Tracker SDK For Android At Mobile World Congress Abc 27 42 Wireless Leaders & Startups Mix History, Culture, New Products At Record-setting ShowStoppers Press Event In Barcelona TheStreet 42 Wireless Leaders & Startups Mix History, Culture, New Products At Record-setting ShowStoppers Press Event In Barcelona TheStreet ImageWare Systems Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation and Design Award Winner Announced for ShowStoppers@Mobile World Congress 2014 – Barcelona KSFY News AirWatch Secure Content Locker To Integrate With EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification For Biometric Protection Of Secure Document Access TheStreet LOSTnFOUND präsentiert preisgekröntes Hilfssystem, das Demenzpatienten verfolgen kann Northwest Cable News Mobile World Congress 2014 Day Zero [Liveblog Tech Investor News OtterBox Blends Protection and Style with New Symmetry Series at MWC HispanicBusiness.com LOSTnFOUND presents the award-winning assistance system that helps track dementia patients HardwareLogic Magellan’s Echo Smart Sports Watch Uses Nordic Semiconductor Chip to Stream Smartphone App Data for up to 11 Months Satellite Spotlight ImageWare Systems Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation and Design Award Winner Announced for ShowStoppers@Mobile World Congress 2014 – Barcelona IT News Online What mattered at Mobile World Congress day zero: Samsung Gear, Firefox phones, fierce convertible competition en.Parset.com MWC 2014: ShowStoppers Event – Plantronics, Emporia, Garmin PocketPC.ch LOSTnFOUND presents the award-winning assistance system that helps track dementia patients The Telegraph AirWatch Integrates IntelÂ® Device Protection Technology into its Comprehensive Security Platform for Enterprise Android Devices San Antonio Business Journal McAfee Delivers on Intel Vision of Free Mobile Security for Consumers iPhone News McAfee’s free antivirus app for Android hits the Google Play store TechRadar BlackBerry to bring BBM to Windows Phone and Nokia X Android platform V3.co.uk Avantgarde Acoustics展示Zero 1音响 小熊在线 AirWatch Integrates IntelA® Device Protection Technology Into Its Comprehensive Security Platform For Enterprise Android Devices TheStreet Opera browser debuts on Nokia X software platform Voice & data Online × Registration Criteria   ShowStoppers registration criteria for working press and industry analysts Showstoppers invites and admits only qualifying journalists working at print, TV and radio business, technology, consumer-electronics and consumer media; selected and qualifying bloggers; qualifying industry analysts; and qualifying members of investment banks and venture capital firms. Showstoppers is a private event. Showstoppers is an invitation-only event. Showstoppers events are NOT open to the public. A tradeshow press badge is NOT an invitation. A tradeshow press badge does NOT grant the holder automatic admission to Showstoppers. Showstoppers does NOT accept registrations with email addresses from yahoo.com, netzero.com, hotmail.com, and other free services that have nothing to do with a publication, TV or radio station. We require a publication-based email address. Showstoppers does NOT accept registrations with email addresses from msn.com, compuserve.com, aol.com and other generic services that have nothing to do with a publication, TV or radio station. We require a publication-based email address. Showstoppers reserves the right to require verification that you are working media. In some cases, we may ask you to provide a copy of a published article with your byline, a publication masthead listing you as a contributor or staff member, a video or audio tape, or a letter on official stationary from your publisher or broadcast producer. When in doubt, contact Steve at least TWO WEEKS prior to the event, or bring a copy of an article to on-site registration. Showstoppers reserves the right to refuse admission to anyone who does not comply with these policies. Showstoppers reserves the right to refuse admission to anyone who does not meet our press-qualification criteria. Broadcast teams Camera and recording crews are welcome to attend Showstoppers. Each member of the crew is required to register separately. Contact Steve to set this up. Online media & blogs Submit a link to an online masthead and an article with your byline that appeared within the past three months. Send this to Steve. Freelancers Submit a letter on letterhead from an editorial contact at a publication indicating that you are covering the tradeshow for that publication. Send this to Steve. User groups At the specific request of sponsors, Showstoppers events are NOT open to non-editorial members of User Groups. When in doubt When in doubt, email or send via USPS a copy of a RECENT article. When in doubt, bring a copy of a RECENT article to on-site registration. Send this to Steve. We will not admit At the request of our sponsors, Showstoppers events are NOT open to: Registrations that do not include a working URL. Registrations that do not include a working email address. Personal and non-press Web site writers, editors and/or creators. Personal and non-press Bloggers. Blogs and Web sites that exist only to aggregate and republish coverage that originates from other sources. Production companies. Boyfriends, girlfriends, significant others. About blogs Anyone can post a blog. Anyone can post to a blog. That does not make you a reporter, journalist or industry analyst. Just like driving fast does not make you a professional driver of race cars. × Selected Coverage CES 2016 Huffington Post: CES 2016: There’s No Place Like Ohm Forbes: OLED Displays Finally Go Mainstream As CES 2016 Bright Spot For Notebooks Engadget: Sex is back at CES GizWizBiz: Forget about carrying a bunch of chargers and cables when you travel. AV Nation: Connected 3: CES 2016 SF Gate: CES Has Become an Innovator’s Pre-Crowdfunding Launch Pad Forbes: HP Inc. Proved They Have Sustained Premium PC Prowess At CES 2016 Wall Street Journal: Truly Wireless Headphones but with a few strings attached Wall Street Journal: Does the world need a smarter umbrella? Huffington Post: CES 2016: A Tech Dream in the Desert Fox News: The best of CES 2016 BBC: CES 2016: Smart gadgets for all the family – and dog – BBC News Straits Times: Drawing another dimension CE: This Year’s Consumer Electronics Show in Perspective Consumer gadgets are finally getting connected and smart These Hush Smart Earplugs Are So Good, I Was Almost Able to Sleep at CES Sevenhugs Smart Remote aims to free your smartphone from connected-home duty New York Times: On Display at CES, Tech Ideas in Their Awkward Adolescence – NYTimes.com ChipChick: WowWee CHiP is the Robotic Dog We’ve Been Waiting For TechCrunch: 10 of the coolest gadgets we saw at CES 2016 Gizmodo: All the Gadgets at CES Look Like Sex Toys USA Today: Get your paws on the latest pet tech at CES 2016 Fortune: The Coolest Things We Saw at CES This Year Seattle Times/Bloomberg: 10 cool new things from CES 2016 Wired: The Universal Remote’s Secret Calling Is the Smart Home Wall Street Journal: Best of CES 2016: The Wondrous and Wacky Year Ahead in Gadgets – WSJ.com Nasdaq.com / TheStreet: Making Virtual Friends and Riding Fast Cars at CES in Las Vegas – Presented by: The Aol. On Network Media & Entertainment Technologies: Showstoppers brings OEMs to the product floor Soon, You’ll Be Able to Control Every Corner of Your Smart Homes with a Single Universal Remote | Builder Magazine What it’s like listening to a $50,000 pair of headphones USA Today: These earbuds could change the way you hear Remix OS is about to bring multi-window Android to your spare PC Hands-On With The Skully AR-1 Augmented Reality Motorcycle Helmet Tom’s Hardware: The QNAP TBS-453A Changes The NAS Game Straits Times: CES 2016: A look at this year’s coolest gear Engadget: The Skreens app puts all of your HDMI signals on one display Slashgear: Neeo hands-on: one smart remote to control them all – SlashGear Gottabemobile: Earin True Wireless Earbuds Impress at CES 2016 3DPrint: ROBO 3D Offers Comprehensive 3D Experience at CES 2016, Highlights New Printers & More | 3DPrint.com Yahoo News: Meet CleverPet, the Electronic Game That’s Like ‘Simon’ For Dogs AppleInsider: First Alert debuts IP camera, HomeKit-enabled Onelink products including, fire alarm, environment monitor & safe CNET: The most intriguing tech from Showstoppers at CES 2016 AppleInsider: CES ShowStoppers: Hackaball programmable toy, Fasetto Link mini NAS Forbes: The Five Most Disruptive Innovations at CES 2016 Australian: Handing pooches pause for thought CES ShowStoppers: Hackaball programmable toy, Fasetto Link mini NAS BUNews.com: Hydrogen Power: Not Just For Cars BUNews.com: Invitation Only: A Peek at Showstoppers Getty Images for Associated Press CES: Everything is becoming “smart” CES: Where even the showers are “smart” Making Virtual Friends and Riding Fast Cars at CES in Las Vegas Jabra Presents The Future Of Intelligent Audio FreeCast Unveils Game-Changing Select TV Box at CES 2016 ShowStoppers Major Media Event 3D Transformations with @Robo3dprinter R2 Mini #Showstoppers #CES2016 SKULLY showcases AR-1 helmet Active Edge debuts wearable technology with health benefits The Skreens app puts all of your HDMI signals on one display The Best of CES 2016 in Las Vegas Blueair says 2016 Will See Its Disruptive Indoor Air Purification Technologies Making Health Enhancing Breakthroughs Forget vinyl — better digital sound is on the way Jazz up your workout gear with these 11 awesome fitness wearables from CES 2016 http://www.avnation.tv/avnation-shows/connected/connected-3/ CleverPet: The First Game Console for Dogs Debuts at CES Smart Home and VR headline ShowStoppers LaunchIt CES 2016: Fiera – A Female Arousal Tool Everyone Should Get Excited About Tech Feature Mad Catz 10 Most Hardcore Gaming-Capable Android Tech at CES 2016 The Philadelphia Inquirer Jonathan Takiff column [The Philadelphia Inquirer] Gizmo Guy: Robot Heaven CES 2016: PIQ Multi-Sport Sensor Making Sense of Smart Home Tech at CES 2016 Sengled Showcases Award-Winning Products at 2016 Consumer Electronics Show (CES) Envisioneering selects 19 companies, 32 products for annual tech innovation awards CleverPet’s Game Console for Dogs Wins Day One of CES 2016. Amlin Andretti Brings Formula E Racing to Consumer Electronics Show Blueair’s smart indoor air monitoring, control and purification system removes health-sapping pollutants at home and work FFrench Company Aroma Therapeutics Launches Kickstarter Program in Conjunction with Opening of CES CES 2016 – Blueair Receives Three Prestigious Awards At The Biggest Consumer Electronics Show On Earth CES Always Has Jewels, Promises, Something for Everyone The laziest gadgets at the Consumer Electronics Show French startup revolution takes CES by storm Here are the products that helped me survive my first CES AfterMaster Honored With Three Prestigious Awards For Outstanding Innovation And Design At ShowStoppers During The 2016 CES Show Internet of things the easy way with wifithing. Wifithing launches open source internet of things platform Hands on with Wifithing https://www.digitalwallonia.be/en-direct-du-ces2016/ http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/envisioneering-selects-19-companies-32-products-fo http://funkykit.com/news/accessories/2141-revolutionary-code-free-iot-platform-taps-kickstarter-for-funding http://www.enostech.com/revolutionary-code-free-iot-platform-taps-kickstarter-for-funding/ http://www.macworld.com/video/61027/the-wifithing-promises-simple-iot-control-of-devices http://www.macitynet.it/ces-2016-wifithing-piattaforma-semplificare-linternet-delle-cose/ http://www.investorideas.com/news/2016/technology/01072.asp http://www.geeky-gadgets.com/new-wifithing-internet-of-things-hardware-requires-no-programming-12-01-2016/ http://energia.nu/blog/ https://twitter.com/HiTechchic/status/687481401734631424/photo/1 Major Drone Manufacturer Snaps Up Intelligent Energy’s Game-Changer for Drone Range [Flight Time] MacVoices #16046: ShowStoppers – STM Goes Beyond Bags To Pro… TWiT Live Specials 267 ShowStoppers 2016 | TWiT.TV AZTechBeat 3Plus Launches New Smartwatch and Connected Wearables at CES 2016 CES 2016: Owlet Smart Sock Wearable Baby Monitor ‘Simplehuman,’ Smart Mirror That Controls Brightness, Recognizing User’s Face Re-fuel Introduced Various Battery Devices HP Introduced Various Laptops, Including ‘Star Wars Special Edition Laptop’ Toughtested Showcased Outdoor Products, Optimized to Field Activity World Liberty TV Skully Introduced the World’s First AR Helmet Decibullz Introduced a Customized Earphone Smart Home and VR headline ShowStoppers LaunchIt Prismdesigns Introduced iPad Stylus Pen ‘REMORA’ and Charger ‘BASE’ HP Introduced Ink Change Service, ‘Instant Ink’ Primera presenta la impresora todo en uno Trio más pequeña y liviana del mundo 10 eye-opening ways virtual reality is being used (besides gaming) Actionproof’s ‘BOZON,’ Premium Silicon Charge Dock for Apple Watch Actionproof Introduced ‘The Bumper’ That Protects Apple Watch from External Shock HP unleashes a new and improved Sprout Pro for the classroom VR puts your eyes in another world; Sennheiser Ambeo brings your ears along 2016 CES Takeaway CES 2016 – Blueair Receives Three Prestigious Awards At The Biggest Consumer Electronics Show On Earth × Request Press Kit as Zip File Send us mail Name * E-Mail * Subject * Message * × Analytics powered by GoStats Scroll to top
Facebook Twitter Youtube Admin Our Events ShowStoppers @ CES 2017 Snapshot Pro ShowStoppers @ MWC 2017 ShowStoppers @ CE Week 2017 ShowStoppers @ NAB 2017 ShowStoppers @ IFA 2017 ShowStoppers @ MWC Americas 2017 Press About Us Search Blog - Latest News You are here: Home / IFA 2016 / Unplugged and still connected! Experience a maximum of freedom with VerveLife... Unplugged and still connected! Experience a maximum of freedom with VerveLife by Motorola September 1, 2016/in IFA 2016 /by Steve Do you need music to push your exercise to the next level? Do you use the time spent on commuting for work to make calls or relax by listening to audio books? Do you like staying connected with your friends while traveling and to share your impressions? The VerveLife wireless connected devices from Motorola are designed to offer a maximum of freedom and flexibility to active users. What headphones suit you best? Are you looking for the estimative untangled experience? Then you’re the perfect user for the futuristic VerveOnes, true wireless stereo earbuds – so you only have a small button in each ear to enjoy music in HD quality sound or receive and make calls. The VerveOnes+ are the water and sweat protected version, to make sure you stay connected even during the most challenging workout or outdoor experience. Are you looking for maximum comfort in taking earbuds out and back in without loosing them during long hours of use? Then you’re the VerveRider type. The collar wear style headphones are super comfortable to wear while you’re working, commuting, traveling or enjoy outdoor action. They offer 12-hours of battery life, rich HD sound and an integrated mic for calls. They also come in a water resistant VerveRider+ version. If you’re looking for super lightweight Bluetooth headphones in the proven ear-to-ear style you’re the VerveLoop+ type. Protected against water and sweat with up to 10-hours of battery life they last longer than any workout. All VerveLife products are compatible with iOS and Android, Siri and Google Now and use the Hubble App, Binatone’s IoT platform and the largest connected provider of video cloud services. Tags: Motorola, VerveLife Share this entry Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Share on Linkedin Share on Tumblr Share on Vk Share on Reddit Share by Mail http://www.showstoppers.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/ShowStoppers-logo-fix-up-2.png 0 0 Steve http://www.showstoppers.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/ShowStoppers-logo-fix-up-2.png Steve2016-09-01 16:00:522016-08-22 23:26:42Unplugged and still connected! Experience a maximum of freedom with VerveLife by Motorola You might also like Turn your adventures into visuals Recent Posts Are you looking for the hottest startups at CES 2017? IHS Markit to Judge Tech Innovators, Innovations at CES in Las Vegas ZTE Set to Bring Breath-taking Audio to IFA 2016 ShowStoppers launches new press event concurrent with Mobile World Congress Americas 80 companies, innovators and startups intro new gear, gadgets to nearly 1,000 journalists from around the world at ShowStoppers, official press event of IFA tradeshow in Berlin Connect with Us Contact Us ShowStoppers LLC View Contacts (440) 914-9500 5401 Naiman Parkway Cleveland, OH 44139 Pure Monster Sound – You Have To Hear It To Believe It! Canary: All-in-one security with HD camera, siren, and air monitor Get Agreement MWC Americas × × Get Agreement CTIA × Mark Brennan Principal at Brennan Capital Partners — and an entrepreneurial consultant who specializes in providing both strategic & operations management consulting services to client companies. Client companies are typically seed/early stage ventures located in the southwest region of the US. Often takes an equity position in the client company in addition to fees to more closely align interests with outcomes. Active entrepreneur & private equity/angel investor since 1994. Have personally founded and operated several companies since 1994 and have experienced successful exits. × Andy White Andy White at Vegas Tech Fund, a seed stage investment fund that focuses on investing in founders and startups that solve huge problems — and who are committed to building a vibrant, connected tech community in downtown Las Vegas. We see an opportunity to create a City as an incubator and aim to invest in companies who share that vision and want to build on it. × 3950 S Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas, NV 89119 × What a table looks like × University Barcelona Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes, 585 08007 Barcelona × Messe-Berlin Fairgrounds -Messedamm 22, 14055 Berlin, Germany × The Metropolitan and Altman Buildings 135 W. 18th St., NYC (between 6th and 7th Avenues) × Wynn Las Vegas 3131 S. Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas NV × Get Agreement NAB × Get Agreement CE Week × Get Agreement MWC × Get Agreement CES × Get Agreement IFA × Selected Coverage IFA 2016 Selected coverage, ShowStoppers @ IFA 2016 80 companies, innovators and startups intro new gear, gadgets to nearly 1,000 journalists from around the world at ShowStoppers, official press event of IFA tradeshow in Berlin IHS Markit Announces Innovation Awards Winners at ShowStoppers at IFA in Berlin Dealerscope: UNBOXED: Aftershokz Trekz Titanium Headphones Engadget: I FA 2016That’s a Wrap Engadget: IFA 2016: All things mobile Verge: The da Vinci Mini is a cheap 3D printer for people who really want to own a 3D printer Today Show Australia: Trevor Long at IFA 2017 broadcasting LIVE on The Today Show Australia Today Show Australia: Live on the Today Show from Berlin with new gadgets for Christmas 2016 Wired: Für euch ausprobiert: Die Gadget-Highlights der IFA 2016 Engadget: Lenovo’s Yoga Book is part tablet, part sketch pad Engadget: Lenovo’s two new tablets include a lower-cost Surface Pro rival Forbes: IFA 2016 Key Analyst Takeaways Gear Diary: Lenovo Launches Amazing New Android and Windows Yoga Books; I Want One! Huffington Post: IFA 2016: New Tech in the Old World New York Times: If 1 Lens on a Phone Camera Is Good, Are 2 Better? Network World: Lenovo kicks off IFA with four new notebook/tablet offerings Wired: W e Love You, Absurd Gadgets That Rocket Us Into the Future USA Today: Slender Lenovo Yoga Book tabet lets you write with real ink Yahoo Tech: Oval TVs, smart kitchen hoods: top trends at IFA tech fair BBC: Samsung’s Big Recall – interview with Carolina Milanesi at IFA Slashgear: DJI Osmo Mobile hands-on: A stabilized bargain for the camera you always carry TechnoBuffalo: Kobo Aura One eReader hands-on: Amazon should copy these features Engadget: IFA 2016 showed us how far wearables have come Engadget: The best of the rest at IFA 2016 Slashgear: SlashGear’s Best of IFA 2016! ZDNet: All the hardware hightlights from this year’s IFA TechnoBuffalo: Yuneec Breeze drone first look: A kick-ass and affordable new drone TechRadar: With a bit of polish, IFA could emerge as a magnificent show Verge: The gadget market is alive and well at IFA, Europe’s biggest tech show TechRadar: TomTom’s new devices tread ground PCMag UK: Hands On With Lenovo’s Miix Laptops and Yoga Tablet TWICE: IFA 2016: Global CE Revenues Projected To Fall 5% in 2016 Engadget: IFA 2016 day zero: Selfie-phones and barista robots PocketNow: Lenovo Yoga 910 and Yoga Tab 3 Plus bring hi-res with low-impact form factors MSN: We get you the top gadgets announced at one of the biggest consumer electronics shows, IFA 2016 Philadelphia Inquirer: Gimzo Guy: Round of the best new watches and music devices AVING: ShowStoppers Press Event at IFA2016 PocketNow: Thin, screenful Lenovo Yoga Book runs on Android or Windows 10 MSN: Berlin’s IFA fair dons virtual reality headsets TechnoBuffalo: Lenovo Yoga book 910 Digital Trends: Misfit’s Ray will soon be sold in Apple stores, with exclusive Apple-y colors Computerblog.ro: Cum arată un smartwatch care ajunge la 1.500 de euro: Garmin Fenix Chronos Computerblog.ro: Logitech a prezentat la IFA Berlin noii mouși silențioși GadgetshowDaily: https://www.instagram.com/p/BJ8B66pjWoE/ Mobile Nations: The Yoga Book Is Too Cool For A Keyboard Hindustan Times: A gold-plated walkman or a ‘visionary’ notebook? Our top 10 tech must-haves Chip Chick: UDoq Review – Because Devices That Charge Together, Stay Together Dealerscope: WIR: IFA 2016 is a Game Changer RedBull.com: Apple iPhone7 and earpods – what you need to know Androidiani: Here One: Aperti i preordini Chip Chick: Samsung AddWash Front-Load Washer and Electric Dryer Review Chip Chick: Tile Lost and Found Trackers Will Soon Be Built Into Wallets and Purses CBS Radio: Security camera uses artificial intellgence to know if someone is an intruder CNET: Gadgets Galore Dealerscope: Key take aways from the IFA opening press conference Dealerscope: Booming Business in Berlin: An IFA 2016 Wrap Up AGDLab.pl: IFA 2016 – iRobot i inni, czyli porządek w domu bez kiwnięcia palcem BoyGeniusReview: Best of IFA 2016 Mako: סמרטוט חשמלי ומציאות מדומה: מהעודימציאו? Forbes: IFA 2016 Key Analyst Takeaways Indian Express: Market is moving from general purpose to scenario-based devices: Lenovo Chip Chick: Sen.se Launches SensePeanut, a New Line of Simple Smart Home Products Hearing Aid News: ReSound Strengthens Smart Hearing Portfolio with New Mini BTE Casadomo.com: D-Link mostró en IFA sus novedades en routers, cámaras y domótica Audiology Online: ReSound Strengthens Smart Hearing Portfolio with New Mini BTE Trusted Reviews: Withings Steel HR Yahoo News: Zagg debuts new headphones, chargers, screen protectors at IFA 2016 TechRadar: Hands on: Lenovo Ideacentre Y710 Cube review ETtech.com: 10 most interesting gadgets from IFA 2016 Economic Times: 5 most interesting gadgets from IFA 2016 Android Authority: Best of IFA 2016: From Android to Audio & Computing Mobile Today: IFA 2016: VR steals the show Chip Chick: Fossil Adds Some Beautiful New Hybrid Smartwatches to Their Q Line Portal der Wirtschaft: IFA-Erfolg: Großes Medien-Echo und UX Design Award für smarte Hörgeräte ReadWrite: TomTom announces three fitness wearables at IFA 2016 Digital Trends: Affordable laptops aren’t just ‘good enough’ anymore, they’re amazing Digital Trends: BEST MOBILE ACCESSORIES OF IFA 2016 Euronews: Home robots all the rage at IFA in Berlin CCTV-America: Berlin’s IFA trade show displays newest gadgets Verge: At IFA 2016, style trumped specs News.com.au: Five of the best gadgets launched at IFA 2016, from smartwatches to tablets you can write on theDroidReview.com: Video: UMi Max was presented at IFA 2016 in Berlin, Germany 17wh: 对不起，我一不小心都火到国外了  NoodIs-India: Plantronics unveils bold new Backbeat Fit colors at IFA 2016 Trade Mid East: ReSound® Returns to International Consumer Electronics Show to Feature Expanded Portfolio of Smart Hearing Aids Middle East News Wire Today: ReSound® Returns to International Consumer Electronics Show to Feature Expanded Portfolio of Smart Hearing Aids TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 299 IFA 2016 DAY 1: SHOWSTOPPERS TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 300 IFA 2016 DAY 2: CORDLESS VR AND THE BEST OF SAMSUNG TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 301 IFA 2016 DAY 3: AUF WIEDERSEHEN Digital Trends: A washer that kills germs in cold water and more cool laundry machines from IFA 2016 Legginotizie: Plantronics tra cinque nuovi colori e le prime cuffie ibride wireless BackBeat 1000 Palo.gr: Είδαμε το πανέμορφο activity smartwatch Garmin fenix Chronos (hands-on photos @ ShowStoppers / IFA 2016) Giga.de: udoq: Universelles Lade-Dock für Smartphones und Tablets im Hands-On-Video Sydney Morning Herald: IFA 2016: Lenovo’s Phab2 Pro brings Google’s Project Tango augmented reality to life ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Lenovo Reveal First Handset With Support For Google AR ChinaTopix: Lenovo Unveils Phab2 Pro Smartphone at IFA 2016 Featuring Google’s Project Tango Augmented Reality The TeCake: Lenovo unveils A Plus and P2 smartphone at IFA 2016 Gamenguide: IFA 2016 Latest News & Update: Lenovo A Plus Price, Specs & Release Date ABP Live: Lenovo launches P2 and A Plus smartphones at IFA 2016 ChinaTopix: Lenovo Officially Unveils Lenovo P2 and A Plus Smartphones at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Lenovo Debuts Pair Of New Smartphones PC-Tablet Media: IFA 2016: Lenovo Yoga 910 laptop, Yoga Tab 3 Plus and more announced ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Jabra Enters True Wireless Earbuds Arena With Elite Sport IndianExpress: Lenovo is number two smartphone brand by value in India: IDC Science World Report: Digital Trends Picks Top Tech From IFA 2016, Best Gadgets, Events IT Pro: IFA 2016: Tech that business professionals shouldn’t miss Manila Bulletin: AMD VR Ready processors showcased at IFA 2016 NDTV: Withings Steel HR Smartwatch With Heart Rate Sensor Launched Mashable: At IFA 2016, smart appliances and virtual reality take center stage USA Today: Cheaper phones, brighter TVs rule IFA tech show The Inquirer: What you missed in tech last week: IFA 2016, Note 7 recall, Dropbox hack Engadget: IFA 2016: The rose gold edition TWICE: 5 New Headphones Ready For A Lightning-Only iPhone 7 Digital Life: Είδαμε το πανέμορφο activity smartwatch Garmin fenix Chronos ConnexieB2B: Plantronics onthult nieuwe gewaagde kleuren voor BackBeat FIT HIAPK: 优必选科技领衔IFA电子展 展现中国优质产品实力 ComputerHoy: ShowStoppers: los mejores inventos en IFA 2016 India Dailymotion: ShowStoppers: los mejores inventos en IFA 2016 Elektro Market: Los auriculares de Plantronics dan color a IFA Hospodarske Noviny: To nejlepší z IFA: Televize sahají po dokonalosti a o nové počítače se můžete pořezat TouchIT: IFA 2016: Robot Windowmate umyje okná za vás Yahoo Japan: フォッシルが激オシャレ＆高性能なスマートウォッチを大量投入！ B Hatena: <IFA> Beyerdynamic, the DSP equipped aptX corresponding BT earphone “Byron BTA”, etc. – Phile-web Phileweb: ＜IFA＞ベイヤーダイナミック、DSP搭載のaptX対応BTイヤホン「Byron BTA」など Gizblog: IFA 2016: Udoq, docking station per tutti i dispositivi mobile TouchIT: IFA 2016: Panono je 360-stupňová kamera s rozlíšením 108MP (video) Naslovi.net: Selfi “manijaci”, radujte se! Mundo Digital/Ethevaldo: Gadgets lançados na IFA são encantadores Naslovi.net: Da više nikad ništa ne izgubite 88News: Plantronics enthüllt BackBeat FIT in aufregenden neuen Farben auf der IFA 2016 Indian Express: IFA 2016: Lenovo A Plus with 4.5-inch FWVGA display, 5MP camera launched DNA India: IFA 2016: Lenovo A Plus and Lenovo P2 smartphones unveiled Phone Radar: Lenovo P2 and A Plus Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 starting 69 Euros Dekh News: Lenovo K6 Series Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 Specification Features Price NDTV: All the big launches from IFA Berlin, summarised MSPoweruser: IFA 2016: Forget mobile, the PC is back, baby Digital Trends: 9 important trends at IFA that will shape the tech world this holiday season News247: Δέκα gadgets από την IFA που θέλεις να δεις Khaleej Times: The newest smartphones at IFA Berlin 2016 Express Tribune: Check out these eye-catching gizmos at the Berlin IFA fair Yahoo News: Mega tech fair IFA dives head-first into virtual reality Engadget: IFA 2016 day one: Battle-worn BB-8 and Acer’s new Chromebook Gadgets & Wearables: The hottest wearables of IFA 2016 Gearbrain: Eye-Tracking Laptops, a Robotic Elf And Tech That Lets You Take Calls With Your Finger Malay Mail Online: Waterproof gadgets make a splash at Berlin tech fair Digital Trends: Digital Trends Top Tech of IFA 2016 Award Winners CNBC: Five gadgets to make your home smarter The TeCake: New fitness tracker by TomTom goes live at IFA 2016 Mag Series: IFA 2016: TomTom presenta Curfer, Go e Vio News18: IFA 2016: TomTom Announces New Fitness Wearables, Updates Sports Watches Android Community: TomTom intros new GPS Sports Watches, fitness trackers at IFA 2016 Solo News: TomTom Runner 3, Spark 3 e Adventurer | Anteprima IFA 2016 NDTV: Lenovo A Plus, Lenovo P2 Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 TabTimes: Hands-on with the Lenovo Miix 510 at IFA 2016 Android Headlines: IFA 2016 Complete Wrap-Up: Everything You Need To Know Android Headlines: Best Of IFA 2016: Tablet, Chromebook & 2-in-1 Roundup News4c: Lenovo’s two new tablets to compete against Surface Pro SoloNews: IFA 2016: presentato Lenovo Miix 510, interessante tablet 2 in 1 Thurrot.com: HP Unveils New PCs at IFA 2016 – What The Tech Ep. 323 Ubergizmo: Ubergizmo’s Best of IFA 2016 TechRadar India: Fossil Q Wander Wired: We Love You, Absurd Gadgets That Rocket Us Into the Future Daily Sabah: Latest technology shown off at IFA Berlin trade fair PC Magazine: The Best Gadgets at IFA 2016 CNET: Here’s the coolest, most innovative and strangest tech we saw in Berlin ITWorld: A series of tubes: What’s next for home automation Mirror.co.uk: Smartwatches are going nowhere: Wearable technology takes centre stage at IFA 2016 Android Community: TomTom intros VIO and GO satnav devices at IFA in Berlin Rappler: At Berlin tech fair, waterproof gadgets make a splash Slashgear: SlashGear’s Best of IFA 2016! Slashgear: IFA 2016 Round-up: hands-on with the best – SlashGear Slashgear: Lenovo, Moto IFA 2016 teaser: different for the sake of better Slashgear: TomTom Spark 3, Runner 3 and Adventurer fitness GPS watches Slashgear: Withings Steel HR watch hands-on: classy heart rate time Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 2 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 3 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 5 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 4 Slashgear: IFA News & Live Coverage Slashgear: 3Doodler PRO gets into serious, professional business Slashgear: Neato Botvac D3 and D5 details: covering all bases Slashgear: Yuneec Breeze 4K selfie drone first-impressions Slashgear: ShowStoppers at IFA – SlashGear Slashgear: Wacom introduces Bamboo Slate and Folio smartpads, Bamboo Slashgear: Sen.se ThermoPeanut is a smart temp monitor for every nook Slashgear: TomTom VIO is a navigation display that uses your phone Slashgear: Lenovo Yoga Book goes on pre-order in the US Slashgear: DxO ONE iPhone camera add-on gets Wi-Fi remote, waterproof case Slashgear: TP-Link Neffos X1 and Neffos X1 Max are super thin smartphones Digital Trends: AMD’s latest deal with GlobalFoundries could help close the gap with Intel Enter Expo: Die Highlights der YouTuber | #IFA2016 Ubergizmo: New Sennheiser Headphones Launched At IFA 2016 Firstpost: IFA 2016: Sennheiser unveils new lineup of HD 2, HD 4 and HD 500 series headphones ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Sennheiser Brings High-End Audio To All Audiences Times of India: Sennheiser launches new headphones at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Sennheiser Team Up With GoPro TechRadar: TomTom’s new lineup of devices tread new ground Verge: This new 3D-printing pen draws with wood, copper, and bronze Times of India/Gadgets Now: HP Pavilion Wave, Elite Slice modular PC launched at IFA 2016 TechRadar: First look: HP Elite Slice NDTV: HDMI Alternate Mode Unveiled at IFA 2016 for USB Type-C to HDMI Cables TechRadar: Voice control lets you record on command with the Garmin VIRB Ultra 30 Sydney Morning Herald: IFA 2016: Plex live TV recording comes to Australia NDTV: Lenovo K6, K6 Power, and K6 Note Launched at IFA 2016 Times of India: Lenovo K6, K6 Power and K6 Note smartphones unveiled at IFA 2016 Times of India: Logitech M720 Triathlon Multi-Device mouse launched at IFA 2016 Gadget: IFA 2016: Lenovo unveils Yoga Book Which? Lenovo Yoga Book tablet – IFA 2016 first look review ETTelecom: IFA 2016: Lenovo unveils the Yoga Book, Motorola comes out with Z Play smartphone Engadget: IFA 2016 warm-up: Pet treats, smartwatches and more Which? Best smartphones of IFA 2016 Which? Best tech of IFA 2016 PC World: The weird, wild, and occasionally practical PC hardware of IFA 2016 Firstpost: Gear S3, Zenwatch, Predator 21X and more: IFA 2016 Day 1 Highlights CBS News: Smartwatches, keyboard-free laptops and more highlights from Europe’s biggest tech show BBC News: Smart home tech on show in Berlin Deutsche Welle: Home networking featured at IFA consumer electronics fair in Berlin Intopic: Il laptop da gaming HP Omen 17 presentato allo ShowStoppers di IFA 2016 Intopic: HP rinnova la linea per il gaming con il desktop Omen X Intopic: Withings Steel HR: il classico smartwatch dalle linee pulite con sensore HR PCMag Russia: PhotoFast представляет инновационный аксессуар — iType-C Dealerscope: Scenes from ShowStoppers at IFA 2016 Phile-Web: ＜IFA＞ゼンハイザーの新NC+BTヘッドホン「PXC 550」／ベイヤーからaptX HD対応ヘッドホン試作機 9to5Mac: Accessory makers race to launch new wireless & Lightning headphones ahead of iPhone 7 Yahoo News: The 5 biggest announcements from Lenovo’s IFA 2016 press conference Yahoo News: Lenovo’s IFA 2016 line-up includes a laptop with virtual keys and a supercharged 2-in-1 Indian Express: IFA 2016: Lenovo announces new YogaBook, Yoga 910, and more Neowin: Lenovo announces the Yoga 910 and the Miix 510 at IFA 2016 News18: Lenovo Announces a New Keyboard-Less Yoga Book at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Logitech Announces Trio Of New Mice NDTV: Logitech Unveils M720 Triathlon Multi-Device Mouse and Silent Mouse Series at IFA 2016 NotebookCheck: IFA 2016 | Lenovo: Convertible Yoga Book vorgestellt Engadget: We’re live from IFA 2016 in Berlin! NDTV: HP Pavilion Wave, Modular Elite Slice PCs Launched at IFA 2016 TechRadar: HP turns the desktop PC into a 360-degree sound system Verge: IFA 2016: the best laptops, tablets, and more The National: Eye-catching new gadgets as Berlin IFA warms up WTOP: IFA is back, and Berlin is ready Industry Week: Virtual Reality Gadgets Dominate Berlin Tech Show Deutsche Welle: IFA – good business with colorful screens Digital Trends: Hands-on: Lenovo Yoga 910 ABC News / AP: Samsung Updates Smartwatch, Lenovo Ditches Laptop Keyboard Chip Chick: Neato Makes Their Connected Vacuum Tech Cheaper With the Botvac D3 and D5 Chip Chick: The HP Elite Slice is a Tiny Stackable Office PC Chip Chick: The HP Pavilion Wave is a Desktop Computer That Thinks It’s a Speaker Chip Chick: Lenovo Gets Creative With the Chic Ultra-thin 2-in-1 Yoga Book Chip Chick: The Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 Has a Tougher Construction and a 4k Display Chip Chick: Lenovo’s Miix 510 is a Dead Ringer for the Microsoft Surface GadgetGear: IFA verwachtingen dag 2 Yahoo Finance: Day 1 in Berlin: Slick smartwatches, 360-degree speakers, and 4K Blu-ray Gorkana: IFA Berlin: what PRs need to know Elisberg: IFA Day One Huffington Post: IFA 2016: New Tech in the Old World TechRadar: Squeak no more: Logitech announces a silent mouse Wired.co.uk: Day one at IFA 2016: Stylish speakers, silent mice and Bluetooth trackers PC Magazine: What to Expect at IFA 2016 MobiPicker: AMD Will Be Present at IFA to Detail the Future of VR Yahoo News: Berlin’s IFA fair dons virtual reality headsets Dealerscope: Standouts from the Pre-IFA 2016 TechStars Dinner at Microsoft Berlin Euronews: The biggest consumer electronics fair hits Berlin Tech Times: IFA 2016: Smartphones, Wearables And Other Gadgets To Expect From Samsung, Sony, LG And more TechRadar: IFA 2016: What to expect from Samsung, Sony and more at Germany’s big tech show iSportsTimes.com: TOP 10 Most Anticipated Gadgets For The IFA 2016 iTech Post: All You Need To Know About This Year’s IFA Berlin Ubergizmo: IFA 2016: What To Expect Engadget: What to expect at this year’s IFA Yahoo News: What to expect from the epic tech extravaganza about to open in Berlin Mashable: One of the world’s biggest tech shows is about to begin DG News: Yuneec IFA 2016 neues smartes 4k-consumer-drohnen-highlight Nashville Chatter: IFA 2016 Event – 5 Devices to Expect from Berlin, Germany Daily News & Analysis: IFA 2016: Which Android smartphones and smartwatches to expect Free Malaysia Today: New-gen Android handsets and smartwatches in store for IFA 2016 Hexus: ADAM elements presents range at IFA 2016 and ShowStoppers What Hi-Fi? IFA 2016 preview: news, highlights and new products PhoneArena: IFA 2016: what to expect from Samsung, Sony and the rest TechnoBuffalo: New Sony smartphones, cameras and more teased in IFA invite Dealerscope: 7 Reasons I’m pumped for IFA PocketNow: Lenovo Yoga Tab 3 Plus 10 gets unofficial photoshoot, also spilling the specs beans 9to5Google: Huawei will launch Nova, Nova Plus smartphones, MediaPad M3 tablet at IFA CNET: Need a phone or refrigerator? Here’s what you’ll find at IFA Stuff: 6 Things we can’t wait to see at IFA TechCrunch: TechCrunch Podcast on IFA 2016 ReadWrite: Wearables cast a large shadow at IFA TechRadar India  IFA 2016: Here’s what we predict will show up at Germany’s biggest tech show Tom’s Guide  4 Reasons You Should Buy a 4K TV GearDiary  IFA Expands: CE China Set to Be the Premier Asian Consumer Electronics Trade Show GearDiary  DloDlo Glass V One Virtual Reality Glasses: Vaporwear? Or the World’s Smallest VR Headset? ChipChick  Want To Have Your Own Hello Kitty Washing Machine? You’re Probably Out of Luck ChipChick  Is China The New Frontier in Tech? IFA Is Betting On It Yahoo News  Drones, Apple clones, and a robot named Pudding at China’s first-ever CE Week Appliance Retailer  CE China makes debut Pocket-Lint  CE China: Bridging the divide in consumer electronics Korea Time  CE China to bridge global electronics firms, Chinese retailers Nigeria Today  IFA Consumer Electronics 2016 promises innovations, Korea Times  IFA seeks to boost electronics trade this year Korean Herald  IFA seeks to expand presence in China Korea JoongAng Daily  IFA prepares to launch first Asian event Korea Time  IFA 2016 to present newest IT trends, business opportunities AndroidPit  IFA 2016: all the latest news and updates × Selected Coverage MWC 2016 BBM Coming to Nokia X, Windows Phone Wall Street Journal MWC 2014: Vexia explains how it’s made a tiny phone with a huge screen at ShowStoppers Pocket Gamer Throw fruit and turn Kindle pages using only your eyes Wired.co.uk Tech Yeah! BlackBerry back to basics CNBC Agnitio demos simplicity of voice ID on a mobile device Software Industry News Eye Tribe ukázal ovládání očí na Androidu, stačí pouze infračervený vysílač Zive Carglass, Alessandro Tognola vince il Best Of Belron 2014 Automobili10 Global Mobile Awards at Mobile World Congress 2014 The Fonecast.com Next-generation in connected car technology, navigation previewed MotorwayAmerica ImageWare Systems Begins Test Phase With T-Systems, Germany Wall Street Journal MWC 2014 tutte le novità più curiose dallo ShowStoppers TVTech.it Mobile World Congress Features Connected Cars, Indoor Positioning GPS World MWC 2014: Eye Tribe for Android, Eye Input for Scrolling, Gaming ANewDomain a smartphone case that cleans your phone screen with nubby microfibers and kills 99 percent of microbes ANewDomain Apple iPhone Add-On: Olloclip 4-in-1 Photo Lens Amps Up (hands-on) ANewDomain Debutta al MWC la nuova Symmetry Series di OtterBox, la custodia che unisce protezione e stile Digital News Channel Blackberry’s Q20 Looks Great, But It Won’t Be In Australia For Half A Year Gizmodo BlackBerry Z3 spotted at MWC 2014 CNET Australia Wearable devices the new frontier Hindustan Times MWC Day 2 Briefs: AT&T, IBM, AppDirect, Cellebrite, Webroot, Twilio, MIPI Alliance, SAP AG Wireless Week BeeWi BBH202 : le casque Bluetooth (aptX) français qui se met en scène Qobuz.com #MWC14: BlackBerry At ShowStoppers Smashpipe Magazine [MWC 2014] OtterBox sbarca in Europa con una nuova linea di custodie [Video] iSpazio Opera Max, browser app designed to save your bandwidth Mobile88 Opera Max Is the Little App That Saves Your Bandwidth Webnuz BlackBerry Forges Ahead With Introduction of New Products, Services Nigeria Communications Week MWC 2014: BeeWi Bluetooth Devices Launch ANewDomain MWC 2014: Plantronics Debuts Voyager Edge, BackBeat FIT Headphones ANewDomain MWC 2014: ShowStoppers Event – Plantronics, Emporia, Garmin PocketPC.ch Mio Global to Showcase Word’s First Wrist-Worn Heart Rate Monitor Technology The International News Magazine Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First … DigitalJournal.com Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First-Ever Eye Tracker SDK For … IT News Online Yezz Andy A5QP CNET Yezz’s eight-core Andy A5QP will hit Europe in mid-march for 319 … CNET MWC 2014: The 5 most frivolous pieces of tech from ShowStoppers Pocket Gamer MWC 2014: Play Fruit Ninja with your eyes with the Eye Tribe Tracker Pocket Gamer MWC 2014: Mad Catz shows off its C.T.R.L.i for iOS devices and talks about future unconsole plans Pocket Gamer BlackBerry announces $200 smartphone, but emphasises security The Guardian BlackBerry details sub-$200 Z3, Q20 with trackpad and full keyboard Phonedog.com The Eye Tribe debuts first-ever eye tracker SDK for Android Computer News Middle East Galaxy S5, Nokia ‘Windroid,’ BlackBerry: The hype hits the fan InfoWorld MWC 2014 – BlackBerry Messenger arrive sur le Nokia X et Windows Phone CNET France BlackBerry Z3 και Q20: Επίσημα οι νέες προτάσεις της εταιρείας Techgear.gr BlackBerry to focus on enterprise, releases 2 mid-range phones, the Z3 and Q20 Fierce Wireless MWC: BlackBerry sends enterprise message with eBBM Gadget BlackBerry Z3 e Q20: touch e QWERTY per ritornare grandi Tom’s Hardware McAfee announces free Android, iOS protection IT Online Blackberry kündigt weiteres Smartphone mit Tastatur an | Frankfurter Neue Presse Frankfurter Neue Presse Mobile World Congress 2014, wearable tech en m’n iPhone is echt verouderd DutchCowboys Samsung Galaxy S5: Why I’m rooting for the little guys ZDNet Yezz Andy A5QP: Der Octa-Core-Pionier auf dem MWC 2014 Areamobile.de MWC 2014 tutte le novità più curiose dallo ShowStoppers Hardware Upgrade Habiliter l’avenir des appareils mobiles : The Eye Tribe révèle le premier SDK de suivi du regard pour Android au Mobile World Congress Pocket BlackBerry promete regresar a los teclados físicos con el Q20 – Qore Qore Sub-$200 BlackBerry Phone Coming in April From Foxconn CIO.com BlackBerry CEO Says Here to Compete, Regain Lost Ground CIO.com MWC 2014: dispositivo visual para uso industrial (vídeo) Computerworld Portugal BlackBerry-Revival: “Jeder liebt unsere Keyboards” Computerwelt MWC: Blackberry kündigt Touchscreen-Smartphone Z3 und Tastatur-Modell Q20 an ZDNet.de BlackBerry Z3, el modelo táctil más asequible con BlackBerry 10 Gadgets Tecnología y Electrónica 鸿海与Blackberry合作首款手机Z3亮相售价低于200美元 DigiTimes BlackBerry lifts lid on BES12, goes big on security and reliability TechRadar MWC 2014 – BlackBerry : 2 smartphones, un nouveau BES et BBM en version pro ZD Net.fr BlackBerry plans new ‘retro’ phone Independent.ie BlackBerry To Launch BES-12 And Other Enterprise Initiatives CXO Today.com BlackBerry showcases ‘affordable Z3’, Q20 at MWC Business Standard Vodafone partners with Opera software to launch Opera Web Pass in India The Economic Times McAfee Mobile Security solution for Android announced at MWC 2014 Hardware.Info België LOSTnFOUND präsentiert preisgekröntes Hilfssystem, das Demenzpatienten verfolgen kann Las Vegas Review-Journal AGNITiO Voice iD Awarded for Innovation and Design by Envisioneering at MWC Contact Center Solutions – TMCnet Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation And Design Award Winner (imageware Systems Inc) World News Navigon Garmin GPS pour Sony Xperia et Smartwatch 2 Hello Coton Opera Max skal halvere dataforbruket på mobilen E24 AirWatch Secure Content Locker bietet zusammen mit EyeVerify … APA OTS AirWatch Secure Content Locker to Integrate with EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification for Biometric … Sacramento Bee Ethertronics Further Revolutionizes the RF Front End with New … The Herald | HeraldOnline.com Mobile World Congress 2014 Day Zero Cult of Mac Lista degli espositori all’evento Showstoppers Techzilla.it ShowStoppers MWC 2014: il meglio della kermesse di Barcellona ridble AirWatch Secure Content Locker to Integrate with EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification for Biometric Protection of Secure Document Access Abc 27 Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First-Ever Eye Tracker SDK For Android At Mobile World Congress Abc 27 42 Wireless Leaders & Startups Mix History, Culture, New Products At Record-setting ShowStoppers Press Event In Barcelona TheStreet 42 Wireless Leaders & Startups Mix History, Culture, New Products At Record-setting ShowStoppers Press Event In Barcelona TheStreet ImageWare Systems Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation and Design Award Winner Announced for ShowStoppers@Mobile World Congress 2014 – Barcelona KSFY News AirWatch Secure Content Locker To Integrate With EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification For Biometric Protection Of Secure Document Access TheStreet LOSTnFOUND präsentiert preisgekröntes Hilfssystem, das Demenzpatienten verfolgen kann Northwest Cable News Mobile World Congress 2014 Day Zero [Liveblog Tech Investor News OtterBox Blends Protection and Style with New Symmetry Series at MWC HispanicBusiness.com LOSTnFOUND presents the award-winning assistance system that helps track dementia patients HardwareLogic Magellan’s Echo Smart Sports Watch Uses Nordic Semiconductor Chip to Stream Smartphone App Data for up to 11 Months Satellite Spotlight ImageWare Systems Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation and Design Award Winner Announced for ShowStoppers@Mobile World Congress 2014 – Barcelona IT News Online What mattered at Mobile World Congress day zero: Samsung Gear, Firefox phones, fierce convertible competition en.Parset.com MWC 2014: ShowStoppers Event – Plantronics, Emporia, Garmin PocketPC.ch LOSTnFOUND presents the award-winning assistance system that helps track dementia patients The Telegraph AirWatch Integrates IntelÂ® Device Protection Technology into its Comprehensive Security Platform for Enterprise Android Devices San Antonio Business Journal McAfee Delivers on Intel Vision of Free Mobile Security for Consumers iPhone News McAfee’s free antivirus app for Android hits the Google Play store TechRadar BlackBerry to bring BBM to Windows Phone and Nokia X Android platform V3.co.uk Avantgarde Acoustics展示Zero 1音响 小熊在线 AirWatch Integrates IntelA® Device Protection Technology Into Its Comprehensive Security Platform For Enterprise Android Devices TheStreet Opera browser debuts on Nokia X software platform Voice & data Online × Registration Criteria   ShowStoppers registration criteria for working press and industry analysts Showstoppers invites and admits only qualifying journalists working at print, TV and radio business, technology, consumer-electronics and consumer media; selected and qualifying bloggers; qualifying industry analysts; and qualifying members of investment banks and venture capital firms. Showstoppers is a private event. Showstoppers is an invitation-only event. Showstoppers events are NOT open to the public. A tradeshow press badge is NOT an invitation. A tradeshow press badge does NOT grant the holder automatic admission to Showstoppers. Showstoppers does NOT accept registrations with email addresses from yahoo.com, netzero.com, hotmail.com, and other free services that have nothing to do with a publication, TV or radio station. We require a publication-based email address. Showstoppers does NOT accept registrations with email addresses from msn.com, compuserve.com, aol.com and other generic services that have nothing to do with a publication, TV or radio station. We require a publication-based email address. Showstoppers reserves the right to require verification that you are working media. In some cases, we may ask you to provide a copy of a published article with your byline, a publication masthead listing you as a contributor or staff member, a video or audio tape, or a letter on official stationary from your publisher or broadcast producer. When in doubt, contact Steve at least TWO WEEKS prior to the event, or bring a copy of an article to on-site registration. Showstoppers reserves the right to refuse admission to anyone who does not comply with these policies. Showstoppers reserves the right to refuse admission to anyone who does not meet our press-qualification criteria. Broadcast teams Camera and recording crews are welcome to attend Showstoppers. Each member of the crew is required to register separately. Contact Steve to set this up. Online media & blogs Submit a link to an online masthead and an article with your byline that appeared within the past three months. Send this to Steve. Freelancers Submit a letter on letterhead from an editorial contact at a publication indicating that you are covering the tradeshow for that publication. Send this to Steve. User groups At the specific request of sponsors, Showstoppers events are NOT open to non-editorial members of User Groups. When in doubt When in doubt, email or send via USPS a copy of a RECENT article. When in doubt, bring a copy of a RECENT article to on-site registration. Send this to Steve. We will not admit At the request of our sponsors, Showstoppers events are NOT open to: Registrations that do not include a working URL. Registrations that do not include a working email address. Personal and non-press Web site writers, editors and/or creators. Personal and non-press Bloggers. Blogs and Web sites that exist only to aggregate and republish coverage that originates from other sources. Production companies. Boyfriends, girlfriends, significant others. About blogs Anyone can post a blog. Anyone can post to a blog. That does not make you a reporter, journalist or industry analyst. Just like driving fast does not make you a professional driver of race cars. × Selected Coverage CES 2016 Huffington Post: CES 2016: There’s No Place Like Ohm Forbes: OLED Displays Finally Go Mainstream As CES 2016 Bright Spot For Notebooks Engadget: Sex is back at CES GizWizBiz: Forget about carrying a bunch of chargers and cables when you travel. AV Nation: Connected 3: CES 2016 SF Gate: CES Has Become an Innovator’s Pre-Crowdfunding Launch Pad Forbes: HP Inc. Proved They Have Sustained Premium PC Prowess At CES 2016 Wall Street Journal: Truly Wireless Headphones but with a few strings attached Wall Street Journal: Does the world need a smarter umbrella? Huffington Post: CES 2016: A Tech Dream in the Desert Fox News: The best of CES 2016 BBC: CES 2016: Smart gadgets for all the family – and dog – BBC News Straits Times: Drawing another dimension CE: This Year’s Consumer Electronics Show in Perspective Consumer gadgets are finally getting connected and smart These Hush Smart Earplugs Are So Good, I Was Almost Able to Sleep at CES Sevenhugs Smart Remote aims to free your smartphone from connected-home duty New York Times: On Display at CES, Tech Ideas in Their Awkward Adolescence – NYTimes.com ChipChick: WowWee CHiP is the Robotic Dog We’ve Been Waiting For TechCrunch: 10 of the coolest gadgets we saw at CES 2016 Gizmodo: All the Gadgets at CES Look Like Sex Toys USA Today: Get your paws on the latest pet tech at CES 2016 Fortune: The Coolest Things We Saw at CES This Year Seattle Times/Bloomberg: 10 cool new things from CES 2016 Wired: The Universal Remote’s Secret Calling Is the Smart Home Wall Street Journal: Best of CES 2016: The Wondrous and Wacky Year Ahead in Gadgets – WSJ.com Nasdaq.com / TheStreet: Making Virtual Friends and Riding Fast Cars at CES in Las Vegas – Presented by: The Aol. On Network Media & Entertainment Technologies: Showstoppers brings OEMs to the product floor Soon, You’ll Be Able to Control Every Corner of Your Smart Homes with a Single Universal Remote | Builder Magazine What it’s like listening to a $50,000 pair of headphones USA Today: These earbuds could change the way you hear Remix OS is about to bring multi-window Android to your spare PC Hands-On With The Skully AR-1 Augmented Reality Motorcycle Helmet Tom’s Hardware: The QNAP TBS-453A Changes The NAS Game Straits Times: CES 2016: A look at this year’s coolest gear Engadget: The Skreens app puts all of your HDMI signals on one display Slashgear: Neeo hands-on: one smart remote to control them all – SlashGear Gottabemobile: Earin True Wireless Earbuds Impress at CES 2016 3DPrint: ROBO 3D Offers Comprehensive 3D Experience at CES 2016, Highlights New Printers & More | 3DPrint.com Yahoo News: Meet CleverPet, the Electronic Game That’s Like ‘Simon’ For Dogs AppleInsider: First Alert debuts IP camera, HomeKit-enabled Onelink products including, fire alarm, environment monitor & safe CNET: The most intriguing tech from Showstoppers at CES 2016 AppleInsider: CES ShowStoppers: Hackaball programmable toy, Fasetto Link mini NAS Forbes: The Five Most Disruptive Innovations at CES 2016 Australian: Handing pooches pause for thought CES ShowStoppers: Hackaball programmable toy, Fasetto Link mini NAS BUNews.com: Hydrogen Power: Not Just For Cars BUNews.com: Invitation Only: A Peek at Showstoppers Getty Images for Associated Press CES: Everything is becoming “smart” CES: Where even the showers are “smart” Making Virtual Friends and Riding Fast Cars at CES in Las Vegas Jabra Presents The Future Of Intelligent Audio FreeCast Unveils Game-Changing Select TV Box at CES 2016 ShowStoppers Major Media Event 3D Transformations with @Robo3dprinter R2 Mini #Showstoppers #CES2016 SKULLY showcases AR-1 helmet Active Edge debuts wearable technology with health benefits The Skreens app puts all of your HDMI signals on one display The Best of CES 2016 in Las Vegas Blueair says 2016 Will See Its Disruptive Indoor Air Purification Technologies Making Health Enhancing Breakthroughs Forget vinyl — better digital sound is on the way Jazz up your workout gear with these 11 awesome fitness wearables from CES 2016 http://www.avnation.tv/avnation-shows/connected/connected-3/ CleverPet: The First Game Console for Dogs Debuts at CES Smart Home and VR headline ShowStoppers LaunchIt CES 2016: Fiera – A Female Arousal Tool Everyone Should Get Excited About Tech Feature Mad Catz 10 Most Hardcore Gaming-Capable Android Tech at CES 2016 The Philadelphia Inquirer Jonathan Takiff column [The Philadelphia Inquirer] Gizmo Guy: Robot Heaven CES 2016: PIQ Multi-Sport Sensor Making Sense of Smart Home Tech at CES 2016 Sengled Showcases Award-Winning Products at 2016 Consumer Electronics Show (CES) Envisioneering selects 19 companies, 32 products for annual tech innovation awards CleverPet’s Game Console for Dogs Wins Day One of CES 2016. Amlin Andretti Brings Formula E Racing to Consumer Electronics Show Blueair’s smart indoor air monitoring, control and purification system removes health-sapping pollutants at home and work FFrench Company Aroma Therapeutics Launches Kickstarter Program in Conjunction with Opening of CES CES 2016 – Blueair Receives Three Prestigious Awards At The Biggest Consumer Electronics Show On Earth CES Always Has Jewels, Promises, Something for Everyone The laziest gadgets at the Consumer Electronics Show French startup revolution takes CES by storm Here are the products that helped me survive my first CES AfterMaster Honored With Three Prestigious Awards For Outstanding Innovation And Design At ShowStoppers During The 2016 CES Show Internet of things the easy way with wifithing. Wifithing launches open source internet of things platform Hands on with Wifithing https://www.digitalwallonia.be/en-direct-du-ces2016/ http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/envisioneering-selects-19-companies-32-products-fo http://funkykit.com/news/accessories/2141-revolutionary-code-free-iot-platform-taps-kickstarter-for-funding http://www.enostech.com/revolutionary-code-free-iot-platform-taps-kickstarter-for-funding/ http://www.macworld.com/video/61027/the-wifithing-promises-simple-iot-control-of-devices http://www.macitynet.it/ces-2016-wifithing-piattaforma-semplificare-linternet-delle-cose/ http://www.investorideas.com/news/2016/technology/01072.asp http://www.geeky-gadgets.com/new-wifithing-internet-of-things-hardware-requires-no-programming-12-01-2016/ http://energia.nu/blog/ https://twitter.com/HiTechchic/status/687481401734631424/photo/1 Major Drone Manufacturer Snaps Up Intelligent Energy’s Game-Changer for Drone Range [Flight Time] MacVoices #16046: ShowStoppers – STM Goes Beyond Bags To Pro… TWiT Live Specials 267 ShowStoppers 2016 | TWiT.TV AZTechBeat 3Plus Launches New Smartwatch and Connected Wearables at CES 2016 CES 2016: Owlet Smart Sock Wearable Baby Monitor ‘Simplehuman,’ Smart Mirror That Controls Brightness, Recognizing User’s Face Re-fuel Introduced Various Battery Devices HP Introduced Various Laptops, Including ‘Star Wars Special Edition Laptop’ Toughtested Showcased Outdoor Products, Optimized to Field Activity World Liberty TV Skully Introduced the World’s First AR Helmet Decibullz Introduced a Customized Earphone Smart Home and VR headline ShowStoppers LaunchIt Prismdesigns Introduced iPad Stylus Pen ‘REMORA’ and Charger ‘BASE’ HP Introduced Ink Change Service, ‘Instant Ink’ Primera presenta la impresora todo en uno Trio más pequeña y liviana del mundo 10 eye-opening ways virtual reality is being used (besides gaming) Actionproof’s ‘BOZON,’ Premium Silicon Charge Dock for Apple Watch Actionproof Introduced ‘The Bumper’ That Protects Apple Watch from External Shock HP unleashes a new and improved Sprout Pro for the classroom VR puts your eyes in another world; Sennheiser Ambeo brings your ears along 2016 CES Takeaway CES 2016 – Blueair Receives Three Prestigious Awards At The Biggest Consumer Electronics Show On Earth × Request Press Kit as Zip File Send us mail Name * E-Mail * Subject * Message * × Analytics powered by GoStats Scroll to top
Facebook Twitter Youtube Admin Our Events ShowStoppers @ CES 2017 Snapshot Pro ShowStoppers @ MWC 2017 ShowStoppers @ CE Week 2017 ShowStoppers @ NAB 2017 ShowStoppers @ IFA 2017 ShowStoppers @ MWC Americas 2017 Press About Us Search Blog - Latest News You are here: Home / IFA 2016 / Canary: All-in-one security with HD camera, siren, and air monitor Canary: All-in-one security with HD camera, siren, and air monitor September 1, 2016/in IFA 2016 /by Steve Canary is a home security system that keeps you protected and connected with HD video and audio, a built-in siren, and sensors for temperature, humidity and air quality. The device auto-arms when you leave the house and sends alerts to your phone when activity is detected. If you receive an alert, you can view a live video stream on your smartphone and sound a 90 decibel siren or call local authorities right from the app. Launched on Indiegogo in 2013, Canary captured international attention and became the most successful connected home crowdfunded product ever. Within its first month of pre-sale, Canary sold $2 million in 78 countries. The company shipped to Indiegogo backers in January 2015 and launched in retail in the United States in March 2015 and the UK later that year. In May 2016 the company announced roll out in seven new markets — the Nordic countries of Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden, as well as Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg. Just one month later, Canary continued European expansion and entered Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and France. In addition to increasing availability across Europe, Canary has also released both German and French language versions of its website and app. The Company is now available in 15 countries and more than 10,000 retail locations. Some Canary stats include: — Canary devices have been set up in 115 countries and customers have accessed the app from 185 countries — Users check in to the app 3-4 times per day — Over the last year Canary has captured hundreds of serious incidents including burglaries, caretaker abuse, and even arson. Tags: Canary Share this entry Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Share on Linkedin Share on Tumblr Share on Vk Share on Reddit Share by Mail http://www.showstoppers.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/ShowStoppers-logo-fix-up-2.png 0 0 Steve http://www.showstoppers.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/ShowStoppers-logo-fix-up-2.png Steve2016-09-01 16:00:562016-08-22 23:04:50Canary: All-in-one security with HD camera, siren, and air monitor Recent Posts Are you looking for the hottest startups at CES 2017? IHS Markit to Judge Tech Innovators, Innovations at CES in Las Vegas ZTE Set to Bring Breath-taking Audio to IFA 2016 ShowStoppers launches new press event concurrent with Mobile World Congress Americas 80 companies, innovators and startups intro new gear, gadgets to nearly 1,000 journalists from around the world at ShowStoppers, official press event of IFA tradeshow in Berlin Connect with Us Contact Us ShowStoppers LLC View Contacts (440) 914-9500 5401 Naiman Parkway Cleveland, OH 44139 CARRERA bathroom and kitchen appliances inspired by racing Ring the smarthome video doorbell set to tackle European crime scene Get Agreement MWC Americas × × Get Agreement CTIA × Mark Brennan Principal at Brennan Capital Partners — and an entrepreneurial consultant who specializes in providing both strategic & operations management consulting services to client companies. Client companies are typically seed/early stage ventures located in the southwest region of the US. Often takes an equity position in the client company in addition to fees to more closely align interests with outcomes. Active entrepreneur & private equity/angel investor since 1994. Have personally founded and operated several companies since 1994 and have experienced successful exits. × Andy White Andy White at Vegas Tech Fund, a seed stage investment fund that focuses on investing in founders and startups that solve huge problems — and who are committed to building a vibrant, connected tech community in downtown Las Vegas. We see an opportunity to create a City as an incubator and aim to invest in companies who share that vision and want to build on it. × 3950 S Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas, NV 89119 × What a table looks like × University Barcelona Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes, 585 08007 Barcelona × Messe-Berlin Fairgrounds -Messedamm 22, 14055 Berlin, Germany × The Metropolitan and Altman Buildings 135 W. 18th St., NYC (between 6th and 7th Avenues) × Wynn Las Vegas 3131 S. Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas NV × Get Agreement NAB × Get Agreement CE Week × Get Agreement MWC × Get Agreement CES × Get Agreement IFA × Selected Coverage IFA 2016 Selected coverage, ShowStoppers @ IFA 2016 80 companies, innovators and startups intro new gear, gadgets to nearly 1,000 journalists from around the world at ShowStoppers, official press event of IFA tradeshow in Berlin IHS Markit Announces Innovation Awards Winners at ShowStoppers at IFA in Berlin Dealerscope: UNBOXED: Aftershokz Trekz Titanium Headphones Engadget: I FA 2016That’s a Wrap Engadget: IFA 2016: All things mobile Verge: The da Vinci Mini is a cheap 3D printer for people who really want to own a 3D printer Today Show Australia: Trevor Long at IFA 2017 broadcasting LIVE on The Today Show Australia Today Show Australia: Live on the Today Show from Berlin with new gadgets for Christmas 2016 Wired: Für euch ausprobiert: Die Gadget-Highlights der IFA 2016 Engadget: Lenovo’s Yoga Book is part tablet, part sketch pad Engadget: Lenovo’s two new tablets include a lower-cost Surface Pro rival Forbes: IFA 2016 Key Analyst Takeaways Gear Diary: Lenovo Launches Amazing New Android and Windows Yoga Books; I Want One! Huffington Post: IFA 2016: New Tech in the Old World New York Times: If 1 Lens on a Phone Camera Is Good, Are 2 Better? Network World: Lenovo kicks off IFA with four new notebook/tablet offerings Wired: W e Love You, Absurd Gadgets That Rocket Us Into the Future USA Today: Slender Lenovo Yoga Book tabet lets you write with real ink Yahoo Tech: Oval TVs, smart kitchen hoods: top trends at IFA tech fair BBC: Samsung’s Big Recall – interview with Carolina Milanesi at IFA Slashgear: DJI Osmo Mobile hands-on: A stabilized bargain for the camera you always carry TechnoBuffalo: Kobo Aura One eReader hands-on: Amazon should copy these features Engadget: IFA 2016 showed us how far wearables have come Engadget: The best of the rest at IFA 2016 Slashgear: SlashGear’s Best of IFA 2016! ZDNet: All the hardware hightlights from this year’s IFA TechnoBuffalo: Yuneec Breeze drone first look: A kick-ass and affordable new drone TechRadar: With a bit of polish, IFA could emerge as a magnificent show Verge: The gadget market is alive and well at IFA, Europe’s biggest tech show TechRadar: TomTom’s new devices tread ground PCMag UK: Hands On With Lenovo’s Miix Laptops and Yoga Tablet TWICE: IFA 2016: Global CE Revenues Projected To Fall 5% in 2016 Engadget: IFA 2016 day zero: Selfie-phones and barista robots PocketNow: Lenovo Yoga 910 and Yoga Tab 3 Plus bring hi-res with low-impact form factors MSN: We get you the top gadgets announced at one of the biggest consumer electronics shows, IFA 2016 Philadelphia Inquirer: Gimzo Guy: Round of the best new watches and music devices AVING: ShowStoppers Press Event at IFA2016 PocketNow: Thin, screenful Lenovo Yoga Book runs on Android or Windows 10 MSN: Berlin’s IFA fair dons virtual reality headsets TechnoBuffalo: Lenovo Yoga book 910 Digital Trends: Misfit’s Ray will soon be sold in Apple stores, with exclusive Apple-y colors Computerblog.ro: Cum arată un smartwatch care ajunge la 1.500 de euro: Garmin Fenix Chronos Computerblog.ro: Logitech a prezentat la IFA Berlin noii mouși silențioși GadgetshowDaily: https://www.instagram.com/p/BJ8B66pjWoE/ Mobile Nations: The Yoga Book Is Too Cool For A Keyboard Hindustan Times: A gold-plated walkman or a ‘visionary’ notebook? Our top 10 tech must-haves Chip Chick: UDoq Review – Because Devices That Charge Together, Stay Together Dealerscope: WIR: IFA 2016 is a Game Changer RedBull.com: Apple iPhone7 and earpods – what you need to know Androidiani: Here One: Aperti i preordini Chip Chick: Samsung AddWash Front-Load Washer and Electric Dryer Review Chip Chick: Tile Lost and Found Trackers Will Soon Be Built Into Wallets and Purses CBS Radio: Security camera uses artificial intellgence to know if someone is an intruder CNET: Gadgets Galore Dealerscope: Key take aways from the IFA opening press conference Dealerscope: Booming Business in Berlin: An IFA 2016 Wrap Up AGDLab.pl: IFA 2016 – iRobot i inni, czyli porządek w domu bez kiwnięcia palcem BoyGeniusReview: Best of IFA 2016 Mako: סמרטוט חשמלי ומציאות מדומה: מהעודימציאו? Forbes: IFA 2016 Key Analyst Takeaways Indian Express: Market is moving from general purpose to scenario-based devices: Lenovo Chip Chick: Sen.se Launches SensePeanut, a New Line of Simple Smart Home Products Hearing Aid News: ReSound Strengthens Smart Hearing Portfolio with New Mini BTE Casadomo.com: D-Link mostró en IFA sus novedades en routers, cámaras y domótica Audiology Online: ReSound Strengthens Smart Hearing Portfolio with New Mini BTE Trusted Reviews: Withings Steel HR Yahoo News: Zagg debuts new headphones, chargers, screen protectors at IFA 2016 TechRadar: Hands on: Lenovo Ideacentre Y710 Cube review ETtech.com: 10 most interesting gadgets from IFA 2016 Economic Times: 5 most interesting gadgets from IFA 2016 Android Authority: Best of IFA 2016: From Android to Audio & Computing Mobile Today: IFA 2016: VR steals the show Chip Chick: Fossil Adds Some Beautiful New Hybrid Smartwatches to Their Q Line Portal der Wirtschaft: IFA-Erfolg: Großes Medien-Echo und UX Design Award für smarte Hörgeräte ReadWrite: TomTom announces three fitness wearables at IFA 2016 Digital Trends: Affordable laptops aren’t just ‘good enough’ anymore, they’re amazing Digital Trends: BEST MOBILE ACCESSORIES OF IFA 2016 Euronews: Home robots all the rage at IFA in Berlin CCTV-America: Berlin’s IFA trade show displays newest gadgets Verge: At IFA 2016, style trumped specs News.com.au: Five of the best gadgets launched at IFA 2016, from smartwatches to tablets you can write on theDroidReview.com: Video: UMi Max was presented at IFA 2016 in Berlin, Germany 17wh: 对不起，我一不小心都火到国外了  NoodIs-India: Plantronics unveils bold new Backbeat Fit colors at IFA 2016 Trade Mid East: ReSound® Returns to International Consumer Electronics Show to Feature Expanded Portfolio of Smart Hearing Aids Middle East News Wire Today: ReSound® Returns to International Consumer Electronics Show to Feature Expanded Portfolio of Smart Hearing Aids TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 299 IFA 2016 DAY 1: SHOWSTOPPERS TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 300 IFA 2016 DAY 2: CORDLESS VR AND THE BEST OF SAMSUNG TWIT.TV: TWIT LIVE SPECIALS 301 IFA 2016 DAY 3: AUF WIEDERSEHEN Digital Trends: A washer that kills germs in cold water and more cool laundry machines from IFA 2016 Legginotizie: Plantronics tra cinque nuovi colori e le prime cuffie ibride wireless BackBeat 1000 Palo.gr: Είδαμε το πανέμορφο activity smartwatch Garmin fenix Chronos (hands-on photos @ ShowStoppers / IFA 2016) Giga.de: udoq: Universelles Lade-Dock für Smartphones und Tablets im Hands-On-Video Sydney Morning Herald: IFA 2016: Lenovo’s Phab2 Pro brings Google’s Project Tango augmented reality to life ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Lenovo Reveal First Handset With Support For Google AR ChinaTopix: Lenovo Unveils Phab2 Pro Smartphone at IFA 2016 Featuring Google’s Project Tango Augmented Reality The TeCake: Lenovo unveils A Plus and P2 smartphone at IFA 2016 Gamenguide: IFA 2016 Latest News & Update: Lenovo A Plus Price, Specs & Release Date ABP Live: Lenovo launches P2 and A Plus smartphones at IFA 2016 ChinaTopix: Lenovo Officially Unveils Lenovo P2 and A Plus Smartphones at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Lenovo Debuts Pair Of New Smartphones PC-Tablet Media: IFA 2016: Lenovo Yoga 910 laptop, Yoga Tab 3 Plus and more announced ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Jabra Enters True Wireless Earbuds Arena With Elite Sport IndianExpress: Lenovo is number two smartphone brand by value in India: IDC Science World Report: Digital Trends Picks Top Tech From IFA 2016, Best Gadgets, Events IT Pro: IFA 2016: Tech that business professionals shouldn’t miss Manila Bulletin: AMD VR Ready processors showcased at IFA 2016 NDTV: Withings Steel HR Smartwatch With Heart Rate Sensor Launched Mashable: At IFA 2016, smart appliances and virtual reality take center stage USA Today: Cheaper phones, brighter TVs rule IFA tech show The Inquirer: What you missed in tech last week: IFA 2016, Note 7 recall, Dropbox hack Engadget: IFA 2016: The rose gold edition TWICE: 5 New Headphones Ready For A Lightning-Only iPhone 7 Digital Life: Είδαμε το πανέμορφο activity smartwatch Garmin fenix Chronos ConnexieB2B: Plantronics onthult nieuwe gewaagde kleuren voor BackBeat FIT HIAPK: 优必选科技领衔IFA电子展 展现中国优质产品实力 ComputerHoy: ShowStoppers: los mejores inventos en IFA 2016 India Dailymotion: ShowStoppers: los mejores inventos en IFA 2016 Elektro Market: Los auriculares de Plantronics dan color a IFA Hospodarske Noviny: To nejlepší z IFA: Televize sahají po dokonalosti a o nové počítače se můžete pořezat TouchIT: IFA 2016: Robot Windowmate umyje okná za vás Yahoo Japan: フォッシルが激オシャレ＆高性能なスマートウォッチを大量投入！ B Hatena: <IFA> Beyerdynamic, the DSP equipped aptX corresponding BT earphone “Byron BTA”, etc. – Phile-web Phileweb: ＜IFA＞ベイヤーダイナミック、DSP搭載のaptX対応BTイヤホン「Byron BTA」など Gizblog: IFA 2016: Udoq, docking station per tutti i dispositivi mobile TouchIT: IFA 2016: Panono je 360-stupňová kamera s rozlíšením 108MP (video) Naslovi.net: Selfi “manijaci”, radujte se! Mundo Digital/Ethevaldo: Gadgets lançados na IFA são encantadores Naslovi.net: Da više nikad ništa ne izgubite 88News: Plantronics enthüllt BackBeat FIT in aufregenden neuen Farben auf der IFA 2016 Indian Express: IFA 2016: Lenovo A Plus with 4.5-inch FWVGA display, 5MP camera launched DNA India: IFA 2016: Lenovo A Plus and Lenovo P2 smartphones unveiled Phone Radar: Lenovo P2 and A Plus Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 starting 69 Euros Dekh News: Lenovo K6 Series Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 Specification Features Price NDTV: All the big launches from IFA Berlin, summarised MSPoweruser: IFA 2016: Forget mobile, the PC is back, baby Digital Trends: 9 important trends at IFA that will shape the tech world this holiday season News247: Δέκα gadgets από την IFA που θέλεις να δεις Khaleej Times: The newest smartphones at IFA Berlin 2016 Express Tribune: Check out these eye-catching gizmos at the Berlin IFA fair Yahoo News: Mega tech fair IFA dives head-first into virtual reality Engadget: IFA 2016 day one: Battle-worn BB-8 and Acer’s new Chromebook Gadgets & Wearables: The hottest wearables of IFA 2016 Gearbrain: Eye-Tracking Laptops, a Robotic Elf And Tech That Lets You Take Calls With Your Finger Malay Mail Online: Waterproof gadgets make a splash at Berlin tech fair Digital Trends: Digital Trends Top Tech of IFA 2016 Award Winners CNBC: Five gadgets to make your home smarter The TeCake: New fitness tracker by TomTom goes live at IFA 2016 Mag Series: IFA 2016: TomTom presenta Curfer, Go e Vio News18: IFA 2016: TomTom Announces New Fitness Wearables, Updates Sports Watches Android Community: TomTom intros new GPS Sports Watches, fitness trackers at IFA 2016 Solo News: TomTom Runner 3, Spark 3 e Adventurer | Anteprima IFA 2016 NDTV: Lenovo A Plus, Lenovo P2 Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 TabTimes: Hands-on with the Lenovo Miix 510 at IFA 2016 Android Headlines: IFA 2016 Complete Wrap-Up: Everything You Need To Know Android Headlines: Best Of IFA 2016: Tablet, Chromebook & 2-in-1 Roundup News4c: Lenovo’s two new tablets to compete against Surface Pro SoloNews: IFA 2016: presentato Lenovo Miix 510, interessante tablet 2 in 1 Thurrot.com: HP Unveils New PCs at IFA 2016 – What The Tech Ep. 323 Ubergizmo: Ubergizmo’s Best of IFA 2016 TechRadar India: Fossil Q Wander Wired: We Love You, Absurd Gadgets That Rocket Us Into the Future Daily Sabah: Latest technology shown off at IFA Berlin trade fair PC Magazine: The Best Gadgets at IFA 2016 CNET: Here’s the coolest, most innovative and strangest tech we saw in Berlin ITWorld: A series of tubes: What’s next for home automation Mirror.co.uk: Smartwatches are going nowhere: Wearable technology takes centre stage at IFA 2016 Android Community: TomTom intros VIO and GO satnav devices at IFA in Berlin Rappler: At Berlin tech fair, waterproof gadgets make a splash Slashgear: SlashGear’s Best of IFA 2016! Slashgear: IFA 2016 Round-up: hands-on with the best – SlashGear Slashgear: Lenovo, Moto IFA 2016 teaser: different for the sake of better Slashgear: TomTom Spark 3, Runner 3 and Adventurer fitness GPS watches Slashgear: Withings Steel HR watch hands-on: classy heart rate time Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 2 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 3 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 5 Slashgear: IFA 2016 – SlashGear – Page 4 Slashgear: IFA News & Live Coverage Slashgear: 3Doodler PRO gets into serious, professional business Slashgear: Neato Botvac D3 and D5 details: covering all bases Slashgear: Yuneec Breeze 4K selfie drone first-impressions Slashgear: ShowStoppers at IFA – SlashGear Slashgear: Wacom introduces Bamboo Slate and Folio smartpads, Bamboo Slashgear: Sen.se ThermoPeanut is a smart temp monitor for every nook Slashgear: TomTom VIO is a navigation display that uses your phone Slashgear: Lenovo Yoga Book goes on pre-order in the US Slashgear: DxO ONE iPhone camera add-on gets Wi-Fi remote, waterproof case Slashgear: TP-Link Neffos X1 and Neffos X1 Max are super thin smartphones Digital Trends: AMD’s latest deal with GlobalFoundries could help close the gap with Intel Enter Expo: Die Highlights der YouTuber | #IFA2016 Ubergizmo: New Sennheiser Headphones Launched At IFA 2016 Firstpost: IFA 2016: Sennheiser unveils new lineup of HD 2, HD 4 and HD 500 series headphones ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Sennheiser Brings High-End Audio To All Audiences Times of India: Sennheiser launches new headphones at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Sennheiser Team Up With GoPro TechRadar: TomTom’s new lineup of devices tread new ground Verge: This new 3D-printing pen draws with wood, copper, and bronze Times of India/Gadgets Now: HP Pavilion Wave, Elite Slice modular PC launched at IFA 2016 TechRadar: First look: HP Elite Slice NDTV: HDMI Alternate Mode Unveiled at IFA 2016 for USB Type-C to HDMI Cables TechRadar: Voice control lets you record on command with the Garmin VIRB Ultra 30 Sydney Morning Herald: IFA 2016: Plex live TV recording comes to Australia NDTV: Lenovo K6, K6 Power, and K6 Note Launched at IFA 2016 Times of India: Lenovo K6, K6 Power and K6 Note smartphones unveiled at IFA 2016 Times of India: Logitech M720 Triathlon Multi-Device mouse launched at IFA 2016 Gadget: IFA 2016: Lenovo unveils Yoga Book Which? Lenovo Yoga Book tablet – IFA 2016 first look review ETTelecom: IFA 2016: Lenovo unveils the Yoga Book, Motorola comes out with Z Play smartphone Engadget: IFA 2016 warm-up: Pet treats, smartwatches and more Which? Best smartphones of IFA 2016 Which? Best tech of IFA 2016 PC World: The weird, wild, and occasionally practical PC hardware of IFA 2016 Firstpost: Gear S3, Zenwatch, Predator 21X and more: IFA 2016 Day 1 Highlights CBS News: Smartwatches, keyboard-free laptops and more highlights from Europe’s biggest tech show BBC News: Smart home tech on show in Berlin Deutsche Welle: Home networking featured at IFA consumer electronics fair in Berlin Intopic: Il laptop da gaming HP Omen 17 presentato allo ShowStoppers di IFA 2016 Intopic: HP rinnova la linea per il gaming con il desktop Omen X Intopic: Withings Steel HR: il classico smartwatch dalle linee pulite con sensore HR PCMag Russia: PhotoFast представляет инновационный аксессуар — iType-C Dealerscope: Scenes from ShowStoppers at IFA 2016 Phile-Web: ＜IFA＞ゼンハイザーの新NC+BTヘッドホン「PXC 550」／ベイヤーからaptX HD対応ヘッドホン試作機 9to5Mac: Accessory makers race to launch new wireless & Lightning headphones ahead of iPhone 7 Yahoo News: The 5 biggest announcements from Lenovo’s IFA 2016 press conference Yahoo News: Lenovo’s IFA 2016 line-up includes a laptop with virtual keys and a supercharged 2-in-1 Indian Express: IFA 2016: Lenovo announces new YogaBook, Yoga 910, and more Neowin: Lenovo announces the Yoga 910 and the Miix 510 at IFA 2016 News18: Lenovo Announces a New Keyboard-Less Yoga Book at IFA 2016 ChannelNews: IFA 2016: Logitech Announces Trio Of New Mice NDTV: Logitech Unveils M720 Triathlon Multi-Device Mouse and Silent Mouse Series at IFA 2016 NotebookCheck: IFA 2016 | Lenovo: Convertible Yoga Book vorgestellt Engadget: We’re live from IFA 2016 in Berlin! NDTV: HP Pavilion Wave, Modular Elite Slice PCs Launched at IFA 2016 TechRadar: HP turns the desktop PC into a 360-degree sound system Verge: IFA 2016: the best laptops, tablets, and more The National: Eye-catching new gadgets as Berlin IFA warms up WTOP: IFA is back, and Berlin is ready Industry Week: Virtual Reality Gadgets Dominate Berlin Tech Show Deutsche Welle: IFA – good business with colorful screens Digital Trends: Hands-on: Lenovo Yoga 910 ABC News / AP: Samsung Updates Smartwatch, Lenovo Ditches Laptop Keyboard Chip Chick: Neato Makes Their Connected Vacuum Tech Cheaper With the Botvac D3 and D5 Chip Chick: The HP Elite Slice is a Tiny Stackable Office PC Chip Chick: The HP Pavilion Wave is a Desktop Computer That Thinks It’s a Speaker Chip Chick: Lenovo Gets Creative With the Chic Ultra-thin 2-in-1 Yoga Book Chip Chick: The Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 Has a Tougher Construction and a 4k Display Chip Chick: Lenovo’s Miix 510 is a Dead Ringer for the Microsoft Surface GadgetGear: IFA verwachtingen dag 2 Yahoo Finance: Day 1 in Berlin: Slick smartwatches, 360-degree speakers, and 4K Blu-ray Gorkana: IFA Berlin: what PRs need to know Elisberg: IFA Day One Huffington Post: IFA 2016: New Tech in the Old World TechRadar: Squeak no more: Logitech announces a silent mouse Wired.co.uk: Day one at IFA 2016: Stylish speakers, silent mice and Bluetooth trackers PC Magazine: What to Expect at IFA 2016 MobiPicker: AMD Will Be Present at IFA to Detail the Future of VR Yahoo News: Berlin’s IFA fair dons virtual reality headsets Dealerscope: Standouts from the Pre-IFA 2016 TechStars Dinner at Microsoft Berlin Euronews: The biggest consumer electronics fair hits Berlin Tech Times: IFA 2016: Smartphones, Wearables And Other Gadgets To Expect From Samsung, Sony, LG And more TechRadar: IFA 2016: What to expect from Samsung, Sony and more at Germany’s big tech show iSportsTimes.com: TOP 10 Most Anticipated Gadgets For The IFA 2016 iTech Post: All You Need To Know About This Year’s IFA Berlin Ubergizmo: IFA 2016: What To Expect Engadget: What to expect at this year’s IFA Yahoo News: What to expect from the epic tech extravaganza about to open in Berlin Mashable: One of the world’s biggest tech shows is about to begin DG News: Yuneec IFA 2016 neues smartes 4k-consumer-drohnen-highlight Nashville Chatter: IFA 2016 Event – 5 Devices to Expect from Berlin, Germany Daily News & Analysis: IFA 2016: Which Android smartphones and smartwatches to expect Free Malaysia Today: New-gen Android handsets and smartwatches in store for IFA 2016 Hexus: ADAM elements presents range at IFA 2016 and ShowStoppers What Hi-Fi? IFA 2016 preview: news, highlights and new products PhoneArena: IFA 2016: what to expect from Samsung, Sony and the rest TechnoBuffalo: New Sony smartphones, cameras and more teased in IFA invite Dealerscope: 7 Reasons I’m pumped for IFA PocketNow: Lenovo Yoga Tab 3 Plus 10 gets unofficial photoshoot, also spilling the specs beans 9to5Google: Huawei will launch Nova, Nova Plus smartphones, MediaPad M3 tablet at IFA CNET: Need a phone or refrigerator? Here’s what you’ll find at IFA Stuff: 6 Things we can’t wait to see at IFA TechCrunch: TechCrunch Podcast on IFA 2016 ReadWrite: Wearables cast a large shadow at IFA TechRadar India  IFA 2016: Here’s what we predict will show up at Germany’s biggest tech show Tom’s Guide  4 Reasons You Should Buy a 4K TV GearDiary  IFA Expands: CE China Set to Be the Premier Asian Consumer Electronics Trade Show GearDiary  DloDlo Glass V One Virtual Reality Glasses: Vaporwear? Or the World’s Smallest VR Headset? ChipChick  Want To Have Your Own Hello Kitty Washing Machine? You’re Probably Out of Luck ChipChick  Is China The New Frontier in Tech? IFA Is Betting On It Yahoo News  Drones, Apple clones, and a robot named Pudding at China’s first-ever CE Week Appliance Retailer  CE China makes debut Pocket-Lint  CE China: Bridging the divide in consumer electronics Korea Time  CE China to bridge global electronics firms, Chinese retailers Nigeria Today  IFA Consumer Electronics 2016 promises innovations, Korea Times  IFA seeks to boost electronics trade this year Korean Herald  IFA seeks to expand presence in China Korea JoongAng Daily  IFA prepares to launch first Asian event Korea Time  IFA 2016 to present newest IT trends, business opportunities AndroidPit  IFA 2016: all the latest news and updates × Selected Coverage MWC 2016 BBM Coming to Nokia X, Windows Phone Wall Street Journal MWC 2014: Vexia explains how it’s made a tiny phone with a huge screen at ShowStoppers Pocket Gamer Throw fruit and turn Kindle pages using only your eyes Wired.co.uk Tech Yeah! BlackBerry back to basics CNBC Agnitio demos simplicity of voice ID on a mobile device Software Industry News Eye Tribe ukázal ovládání očí na Androidu, stačí pouze infračervený vysílač Zive Carglass, Alessandro Tognola vince il Best Of Belron 2014 Automobili10 Global Mobile Awards at Mobile World Congress 2014 The Fonecast.com Next-generation in connected car technology, navigation previewed MotorwayAmerica ImageWare Systems Begins Test Phase With T-Systems, Germany Wall Street Journal MWC 2014 tutte le novità più curiose dallo ShowStoppers TVTech.it Mobile World Congress Features Connected Cars, Indoor Positioning GPS World MWC 2014: Eye Tribe for Android, Eye Input for Scrolling, Gaming ANewDomain a smartphone case that cleans your phone screen with nubby microfibers and kills 99 percent of microbes ANewDomain Apple iPhone Add-On: Olloclip 4-in-1 Photo Lens Amps Up (hands-on) ANewDomain Debutta al MWC la nuova Symmetry Series di OtterBox, la custodia che unisce protezione e stile Digital News Channel Blackberry’s Q20 Looks Great, But It Won’t Be In Australia For Half A Year Gizmodo BlackBerry Z3 spotted at MWC 2014 CNET Australia Wearable devices the new frontier Hindustan Times MWC Day 2 Briefs: AT&T, IBM, AppDirect, Cellebrite, Webroot, Twilio, MIPI Alliance, SAP AG Wireless Week BeeWi BBH202 : le casque Bluetooth (aptX) français qui se met en scène Qobuz.com #MWC14: BlackBerry At ShowStoppers Smashpipe Magazine [MWC 2014] OtterBox sbarca in Europa con una nuova linea di custodie [Video] iSpazio Opera Max, browser app designed to save your bandwidth Mobile88 Opera Max Is the Little App That Saves Your Bandwidth Webnuz BlackBerry Forges Ahead With Introduction of New Products, Services Nigeria Communications Week MWC 2014: BeeWi Bluetooth Devices Launch ANewDomain MWC 2014: Plantronics Debuts Voyager Edge, BackBeat FIT Headphones ANewDomain MWC 2014: ShowStoppers Event – Plantronics, Emporia, Garmin PocketPC.ch Mio Global to Showcase Word’s First Wrist-Worn Heart Rate Monitor Technology The International News Magazine Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First … DigitalJournal.com Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First-Ever Eye Tracker SDK For … IT News Online Yezz Andy A5QP CNET Yezz’s eight-core Andy A5QP will hit Europe in mid-march for 319 … CNET MWC 2014: The 5 most frivolous pieces of tech from ShowStoppers Pocket Gamer MWC 2014: Play Fruit Ninja with your eyes with the Eye Tribe Tracker Pocket Gamer MWC 2014: Mad Catz shows off its C.T.R.L.i for iOS devices and talks about future unconsole plans Pocket Gamer BlackBerry announces $200 smartphone, but emphasises security The Guardian BlackBerry details sub-$200 Z3, Q20 with trackpad and full keyboard Phonedog.com The Eye Tribe debuts first-ever eye tracker SDK for Android Computer News Middle East Galaxy S5, Nokia ‘Windroid,’ BlackBerry: The hype hits the fan InfoWorld MWC 2014 – BlackBerry Messenger arrive sur le Nokia X et Windows Phone CNET France BlackBerry Z3 και Q20: Επίσημα οι νέες προτάσεις της εταιρείας Techgear.gr BlackBerry to focus on enterprise, releases 2 mid-range phones, the Z3 and Q20 Fierce Wireless MWC: BlackBerry sends enterprise message with eBBM Gadget BlackBerry Z3 e Q20: touch e QWERTY per ritornare grandi Tom’s Hardware McAfee announces free Android, iOS protection IT Online Blackberry kündigt weiteres Smartphone mit Tastatur an | Frankfurter Neue Presse Frankfurter Neue Presse Mobile World Congress 2014, wearable tech en m’n iPhone is echt verouderd DutchCowboys Samsung Galaxy S5: Why I’m rooting for the little guys ZDNet Yezz Andy A5QP: Der Octa-Core-Pionier auf dem MWC 2014 Areamobile.de MWC 2014 tutte le novità più curiose dallo ShowStoppers Hardware Upgrade Habiliter l’avenir des appareils mobiles : The Eye Tribe révèle le premier SDK de suivi du regard pour Android au Mobile World Congress Pocket BlackBerry promete regresar a los teclados físicos con el Q20 – Qore Qore Sub-$200 BlackBerry Phone Coming in April From Foxconn CIO.com BlackBerry CEO Says Here to Compete, Regain Lost Ground CIO.com MWC 2014: dispositivo visual para uso industrial (vídeo) Computerworld Portugal BlackBerry-Revival: “Jeder liebt unsere Keyboards” Computerwelt MWC: Blackberry kündigt Touchscreen-Smartphone Z3 und Tastatur-Modell Q20 an ZDNet.de BlackBerry Z3, el modelo táctil más asequible con BlackBerry 10 Gadgets Tecnología y Electrónica 鸿海与Blackberry合作首款手机Z3亮相售价低于200美元 DigiTimes BlackBerry lifts lid on BES12, goes big on security and reliability TechRadar MWC 2014 – BlackBerry : 2 smartphones, un nouveau BES et BBM en version pro ZD Net.fr BlackBerry plans new ‘retro’ phone Independent.ie BlackBerry To Launch BES-12 And Other Enterprise Initiatives CXO Today.com BlackBerry showcases ‘affordable Z3’, Q20 at MWC Business Standard Vodafone partners with Opera software to launch Opera Web Pass in India The Economic Times McAfee Mobile Security solution for Android announced at MWC 2014 Hardware.Info België LOSTnFOUND präsentiert preisgekröntes Hilfssystem, das Demenzpatienten verfolgen kann Las Vegas Review-Journal AGNITiO Voice iD Awarded for Innovation and Design by Envisioneering at MWC Contact Center Solutions – TMCnet Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation And Design Award Winner (imageware Systems Inc) World News Navigon Garmin GPS pour Sony Xperia et Smartwatch 2 Hello Coton Opera Max skal halvere dataforbruket på mobilen E24 AirWatch Secure Content Locker bietet zusammen mit EyeVerify … APA OTS AirWatch Secure Content Locker to Integrate with EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification for Biometric … Sacramento Bee Ethertronics Further Revolutionizes the RF Front End with New … The Herald | HeraldOnline.com Mobile World Congress 2014 Day Zero Cult of Mac Lista degli espositori all’evento Showstoppers Techzilla.it ShowStoppers MWC 2014: il meglio della kermesse di Barcellona ridble AirWatch Secure Content Locker to Integrate with EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification for Biometric Protection of Secure Document Access Abc 27 Unlocking The Future Of Mobile Devices: The Eye Tribe Debuts First-Ever Eye Tracker SDK For Android At Mobile World Congress Abc 27 42 Wireless Leaders & Startups Mix History, Culture, New Products At Record-setting ShowStoppers Press Event In Barcelona TheStreet 42 Wireless Leaders & Startups Mix History, Culture, New Products At Record-setting ShowStoppers Press Event In Barcelona TheStreet ImageWare Systems Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation and Design Award Winner Announced for ShowStoppers@Mobile World Congress 2014 – Barcelona KSFY News AirWatch Secure Content Locker To Integrate With EyeVerify’s Eyeprint Verification For Biometric Protection Of Secure Document Access TheStreet LOSTnFOUND präsentiert preisgekröntes Hilfssystem, das Demenzpatienten verfolgen kann Northwest Cable News Mobile World Congress 2014 Day Zero [Liveblog Tech Investor News OtterBox Blends Protection and Style with New Symmetry Series at MWC HispanicBusiness.com LOSTnFOUND presents the award-winning assistance system that helps track dementia patients HardwareLogic Magellan’s Echo Smart Sports Watch Uses Nordic Semiconductor Chip to Stream Smartphone App Data for up to 11 Months Satellite Spotlight ImageWare Systems Biometric Engine Named Envisioneering Innovation and Design Award Winner Announced for ShowStoppers@Mobile World Congress 2014 – Barcelona IT News Online What mattered at Mobile World Congress day zero: Samsung Gear, Firefox phones, fierce convertible competition en.Parset.com MWC 2014: ShowStoppers Event – Plantronics, Emporia, Garmin PocketPC.ch LOSTnFOUND presents the award-winning assistance system that helps track dementia patients The Telegraph AirWatch Integrates IntelÂ® Device Protection Technology into its Comprehensive Security Platform for Enterprise Android Devices San Antonio Business Journal McAfee Delivers on Intel Vision of Free Mobile Security for Consumers iPhone News McAfee’s free antivirus app for Android hits the Google Play store TechRadar BlackBerry to bring BBM to Windows Phone and Nokia X Android platform V3.co.uk Avantgarde Acoustics展示Zero 1音响 小熊在线 AirWatch Integrates IntelA® Device Protection Technology Into Its Comprehensive Security Platform For Enterprise Android Devices TheStreet Opera browser debuts on Nokia X software platform Voice & data Online × Registration Criteria   ShowStoppers registration criteria for working press and industry analysts Showstoppers invites and admits only qualifying journalists working at print, TV and radio business, technology, consumer-electronics and consumer media; selected and qualifying bloggers; qualifying industry analysts; and qualifying members of investment banks and venture capital firms. Showstoppers is a private event. Showstoppers is an invitation-only event. Showstoppers events are NOT open to the public. A tradeshow press badge is NOT an invitation. A tradeshow press badge does NOT grant the holder automatic admission to Showstoppers. Showstoppers does NOT accept registrations with email addresses from yahoo.com, netzero.com, hotmail.com, and other free services that have nothing to do with a publication, TV or radio station. We require a publication-based email address. Showstoppers does NOT accept registrations with email addresses from msn.com, compuserve.com, aol.com and other generic services that have nothing to do with a publication, TV or radio station. We require a publication-based email address. Showstoppers reserves the right to require verification that you are working media. In some cases, we may ask you to provide a copy of a published article with your byline, a publication masthead listing you as a contributor or staff member, a video or audio tape, or a letter on official stationary from your publisher or broadcast producer. When in doubt, contact Steve at least TWO WEEKS prior to the event, or bring a copy of an article to on-site registration. Showstoppers reserves the right to refuse admission to anyone who does not comply with these policies. Showstoppers reserves the right to refuse admission to anyone who does not meet our press-qualification criteria. Broadcast teams Camera and recording crews are welcome to attend Showstoppers. Each member of the crew is required to register separately. Contact Steve to set this up. Online media & blogs Submit a link to an online masthead and an article with your byline that appeared within the past three months. Send this to Steve. Freelancers Submit a letter on letterhead from an editorial contact at a publication indicating that you are covering the tradeshow for that publication. Send this to Steve. User groups At the specific request of sponsors, Showstoppers events are NOT open to non-editorial members of User Groups. When in doubt When in doubt, email or send via USPS a copy of a RECENT article. When in doubt, bring a copy of a RECENT article to on-site registration. Send this to Steve. We will not admit At the request of our sponsors, Showstoppers events are NOT open to: Registrations that do not include a working URL. Registrations that do not include a working email address. Personal and non-press Web site writers, editors and/or creators. Personal and non-press Bloggers. Blogs and Web sites that exist only to aggregate and republish coverage that originates from other sources. Production companies. Boyfriends, girlfriends, significant others. About blogs Anyone can post a blog. Anyone can post to a blog. That does not make you a reporter, journalist or industry analyst. Just like driving fast does not make you a professional driver of race cars. × Selected Coverage CES 2016 Huffington Post: CES 2016: There’s No Place Like Ohm Forbes: OLED Displays Finally Go Mainstream As CES 2016 Bright Spot For Notebooks Engadget: Sex is back at CES GizWizBiz: Forget about carrying a bunch of chargers and cables when you travel. AV Nation: Connected 3: CES 2016 SF Gate: CES Has Become an Innovator’s Pre-Crowdfunding Launch Pad Forbes: HP Inc. Proved They Have Sustained Premium PC Prowess At CES 2016 Wall Street Journal: Truly Wireless Headphones but with a few strings attached Wall Street Journal: Does the world need a smarter umbrella? Huffington Post: CES 2016: A Tech Dream in the Desert Fox News: The best of CES 2016 BBC: CES 2016: Smart gadgets for all the family – and dog – BBC News Straits Times: Drawing another dimension CE: This Year’s Consumer Electronics Show in Perspective Consumer gadgets are finally getting connected and smart These Hush Smart Earplugs Are So Good, I Was Almost Able to Sleep at CES Sevenhugs Smart Remote aims to free your smartphone from connected-home duty New York Times: On Display at CES, Tech Ideas in Their Awkward Adolescence – NYTimes.com ChipChick: WowWee CHiP is the Robotic Dog We’ve Been Waiting For TechCrunch: 10 of the coolest gadgets we saw at CES 2016 Gizmodo: All the Gadgets at CES Look Like Sex Toys USA Today: Get your paws on the latest pet tech at CES 2016 Fortune: The Coolest Things We Saw at CES This Year Seattle Times/Bloomberg: 10 cool new things from CES 2016 Wired: The Universal Remote’s Secret Calling Is the Smart Home Wall Street Journal: Best of CES 2016: The Wondrous and Wacky Year Ahead in Gadgets – WSJ.com Nasdaq.com / TheStreet: Making Virtual Friends and Riding Fast Cars at CES in Las Vegas – Presented by: The Aol. On Network Media & Entertainment Technologies: Showstoppers brings OEMs to the product floor Soon, You’ll Be Able to Control Every Corner of Your Smart Homes with a Single Universal Remote | Builder Magazine What it’s like listening to a $50,000 pair of headphones USA Today: These earbuds could change the way you hear Remix OS is about to bring multi-window Android to your spare PC Hands-On With The Skully AR-1 Augmented Reality Motorcycle Helmet Tom’s Hardware: The QNAP TBS-453A Changes The NAS Game Straits Times: CES 2016: A look at this year’s coolest gear Engadget: The Skreens app puts all of your HDMI signals on one display Slashgear: Neeo hands-on: one smart remote to control them all – SlashGear Gottabemobile: Earin True Wireless Earbuds Impress at CES 2016 3DPrint: ROBO 3D Offers Comprehensive 3D Experience at CES 2016, Highlights New Printers & More | 3DPrint.com Yahoo News: Meet CleverPet, the Electronic Game That’s Like ‘Simon’ For Dogs AppleInsider: First Alert debuts IP camera, HomeKit-enabled Onelink products including, fire alarm, environment monitor & safe CNET: The most intriguing tech from Showstoppers at CES 2016 AppleInsider: CES ShowStoppers: Hackaball programmable toy, Fasetto Link mini NAS Forbes: The Five Most Disruptive Innovations at CES 2016 Australian: Handing pooches pause for thought CES ShowStoppers: Hackaball programmable toy, Fasetto Link mini NAS BUNews.com: Hydrogen Power: Not Just For Cars BUNews.com: Invitation Only: A Peek at Showstoppers Getty Images for Associated Press CES: Everything is becoming “smart” CES: Where even the showers are “smart” Making Virtual Friends and Riding Fast Cars at CES in Las Vegas Jabra Presents The Future Of Intelligent Audio FreeCast Unveils Game-Changing Select TV Box at CES 2016 ShowStoppers Major Media Event 3D Transformations with @Robo3dprinter R2 Mini #Showstoppers #CES2016 SKULLY showcases AR-1 helmet Active Edge debuts wearable technology with health benefits The Skreens app puts all of your HDMI signals on one display The Best of CES 2016 in Las Vegas Blueair says 2016 Will See Its Disruptive Indoor Air Purification Technologies Making Health Enhancing Breakthroughs Forget vinyl — better digital sound is on the way Jazz up your workout gear with these 11 awesome fitness wearables from CES 2016 http://www.avnation.tv/avnation-shows/connected/connected-3/ CleverPet: The First Game Console for Dogs Debuts at CES Smart Home and VR headline ShowStoppers LaunchIt CES 2016: Fiera – A Female Arousal Tool Everyone Should Get Excited About Tech Feature Mad Catz 10 Most Hardcore Gaming-Capable Android Tech at CES 2016 The Philadelphia Inquirer Jonathan Takiff column [The Philadelphia Inquirer] Gizmo Guy: Robot Heaven CES 2016: PIQ Multi-Sport Sensor Making Sense of Smart Home Tech at CES 2016 Sengled Showcases Award-Winning Products at 2016 Consumer Electronics Show (CES) Envisioneering selects 19 companies, 32 products for annual tech innovation awards CleverPet’s Game Console for Dogs Wins Day One of CES 2016. Amlin Andretti Brings Formula E Racing to Consumer Electronics Show Blueair’s smart indoor air monitoring, control and purification system removes health-sapping pollutants at home and work FFrench Company Aroma Therapeutics Launches Kickstarter Program in Conjunction with Opening of CES CES 2016 – Blueair Receives Three Prestigious Awards At The Biggest Consumer Electronics Show On Earth CES Always Has Jewels, Promises, Something for Everyone The laziest gadgets at the Consumer Electronics Show French startup revolution takes CES by storm Here are the products that helped me survive my first CES AfterMaster Honored With Three Prestigious Awards For Outstanding Innovation And Design At ShowStoppers During The 2016 CES Show Internet of things the easy way with wifithing. Wifithing launches open source internet of things platform Hands on with Wifithing https://www.digitalwallonia.be/en-direct-du-ces2016/ http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/envisioneering-selects-19-companies-32-products-fo http://funkykit.com/news/accessories/2141-revolutionary-code-free-iot-platform-taps-kickstarter-for-funding http://www.enostech.com/revolutionary-code-free-iot-platform-taps-kickstarter-for-funding/ http://www.macworld.com/video/61027/the-wifithing-promises-simple-iot-control-of-devices http://www.macitynet.it/ces-2016-wifithing-piattaforma-semplificare-linternet-delle-cose/ http://www.investorideas.com/news/2016/technology/01072.asp http://www.geeky-gadgets.com/new-wifithing-internet-of-things-hardware-requires-no-programming-12-01-2016/ http://energia.nu/blog/ https://twitter.com/HiTechchic/status/687481401734631424/photo/1 Major Drone Manufacturer Snaps Up Intelligent Energy’s Game-Changer for Drone Range [Flight Time] MacVoices #16046: ShowStoppers – STM Goes Beyond Bags To Pro… TWiT Live Specials 267 ShowStoppers 2016 | TWiT.TV AZTechBeat 3Plus Launches New Smartwatch and Connected Wearables at CES 2016 CES 2016: Owlet Smart Sock Wearable Baby Monitor ‘Simplehuman,’ Smart Mirror That Controls Brightness, Recognizing User’s Face Re-fuel Introduced Various Battery Devices HP Introduced Various Laptops, Including ‘Star Wars Special Edition Laptop’ Toughtested Showcased Outdoor Products, Optimized to Field Activity World Liberty TV Skully Introduced the World’s First AR Helmet Decibullz Introduced a Customized Earphone Smart Home and VR headline ShowStoppers LaunchIt Prismdesigns Introduced iPad Stylus Pen ‘REMORA’ and Charger ‘BASE’ HP Introduced Ink Change Service, ‘Instant Ink’ Primera presenta la impresora todo en uno Trio más pequeña y liviana del mundo 10 eye-opening ways virtual reality is being used (besides gaming) Actionproof’s ‘BOZON,’ Premium Silicon Charge Dock for Apple Watch Actionproof Introduced ‘The Bumper’ That Protects Apple Watch from External Shock HP unleashes a new and improved Sprout Pro for the classroom VR puts your eyes in another world; Sennheiser Ambeo brings your ears along 2016 CES Takeaway CES 2016 – Blueair Receives Three Prestigious Awards At The Biggest Consumer Electronics Show On Earth × Request Press Kit as Zip File Send us mail Name * E-Mail * Subject * Message * × Analytics powered by GoStats Scroll to top

Home Veterans Resources VA Benefits Jobs for Veterans Jobs News for Veterans Short Term Personal Loans Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) Medical & Health VT Cancer Foundation Forum RSS Feed Newsletter Sign-Up Apps VT APP (Android) VT App (Iphone) VT Radio App (Android) VT Radio App (Iphone) VT LIve & Net Radio YouTube ITunes Sound Cloud Android Devices Social Networks Facebook Google + Twitter Help Desk Submit Support Ticket Vladimir Putin We have one Fatherland, one people and a common future Home Government & Politics Civil Liberties & Freedom Corruption Democracy & Elections Foreign Policy Legislation Veterans Administration (VA) History Civil War (1861-1865) Cold War (1947-1991) Gulf War (1990-1991) Iraq War (2003-2011) Korean War (1950-1953) Libyan Civil War (2011-2014) Vietnam War (1955-1975) World War I (1914-1918) World War II (1939-1945) Investigations 9/11 Holocaust JFK Assassination Paris Attacks 2015 Sandy Hook Life Art, Books, & Entertainment Food, Wine & Travel Charities, Giving & Foundations Economy & Business Health Agent Orange Coping Gulf War Illness (GWI) PTSD Heroes Of Interest Education Environment Humor Peace, Causes & Activism Religion Veteran Service Organizations (VSO's) Media Military WarZone Afghanistan War Drug War New World Order War Ukraine Wars War in Syria World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Russia Editorial Board-Staff VT Writers Book Store Custom Weapons Official Store Apps Polls Job Center Contact Comment Policy Write for VT About Us Advertise Legal Notice Search Will Kissinger be a private bridge between Trump and Putin? In which Alex Jones explodes in blubbering rage at the mere mention of my name PTSD and the Toxic World Around Us Unprecented: President to Enter White House Facing Child Rape Trial Roland Organic Juicing Optimal Health Program – Happy New Year Democrat vs. Democratic Israel: Downfall of Netanyahu Predicted but Desire to Occupy Persists RT Joins the Dogs with Pit Bull Scare ‹ › Jim W. Dean is managing editor of Veterans Today wearing many hats from day to day operations, development, writing and editing articles. He has an active schedule of TV and radio interviews He is co-host of the popular VT Radio show Jim and Gordie Show. Jim comes from an old military family dating back to the American Revolution. Dozens of Confederate ancestors fought for the South in the War Between the States. Uncles fought in WWII and Korea. His father was a WWII P-40 and later P-51 Mustang fighter pilot. Vietnam found several uncles serving, a cousin, and brother Wendell as a young Ranger officer. His mother was a WWII widow at 16, her first husband killed with all 580 aboard when the SS Paul Hamilton, an ammunition ship with 7000 tons of explosives aboard, was torpedoed off the coast of Algiers. He has been writing, speaking and doing public relations, television, consulting and now multimedia work for a variety of American heritage, historical, military, veterans and Intel platforms. Jim's only film appearance was in the PBS Looking for Lincoln documentary with Prof. Henry Lewis Gates, and he has guest lectured at the Army Command and General Staff School at Fort Gordon. Currently he is working to take his extensive historical video archives on line to assist his affiliated organizations with their website multimedia efforts, such as the Military Order of World Wars, Atlanta, Sons of the American Revolution, Sons of Confederate Veterans , Assoc. for Intelligence Officers, the Navy League, Georgia Heritage Council, National Memorial Assoc.of Georgia. View Latest Posts >>> NEO – Syrian Ceasefire Roulette – Can Anyone Win? By Jim W. Dean, Managing Editor on September 1, 2016 by  Jim W. Dean, VT Editor,   … with  New Eastern Outlook, Moscow “It’s better to fix what you have than wait to get what you don’t.” – an old Arab proverb – First published  …  September 01,  2016 – The age old game I just finished a headline news slot for the Kerry-Lavrov press conference on their long running Syrian ceasefire talks, which they had agreed to conclude by late August. Although they are still not 100% there, having a few last details to be worked out by their respective military technical people, the news is positive in both what they say, and not say. The good news is the uncredited Jim Dean peace plan seems to have finally found some fertile soil. When the first Syrian ceasefire was announced and the UN’s de Mistura invited all parties to participate with no preconditions, the Saudi rump opposition group showed up with a long list of preconditions. Their assigned task was to wreck the talks which the Saudis never wanted to have in the first place. They wanted the US military to bomb Assad into the Stone Age and put tens of thousands of US troops in to finish the job if necessary. Soldiers are slave labor to the Royals, and expect them to be cheaply used when they choose. After the disaster of those first talks, I felt it was advisable that all those who were against the peace talks should not be given a seat at the table to be virtual peace process suicide bombers. They should be thrown out of the group so it could proceed with those who really want peace, and the rest dealt with on the battlefield. While preparing for the PressTV Top 5 news, I quickly found the Lavrov statement where he said: “We have agreed on concrete ways in which we will work with the sides: Russia – with the government and the opposition, that is working with us, the United States – with the opposition, which is cooperating with them.” The hammer just went down on the ceasefire deal wreckers. The “uncooperating opposition” has been banished. They can deliver their veto on the battlefield, where they can be dealt with as the other terrorists are. The classic conundrum The big Gordian Knot of these Kerry-Lavrov summer talks has always been separating the legitimate rebel opposition forces from the terrorists. The problem there was the later have been a key component in keeping the offensive pressure on the Assad government and Syrian Army. Religious extremists, criminals and professional mercenaries were brought into Syrian to inflict massive crimes against humanity upon the Syria people to force them to support the overthrow of the Assad regime. I observed the 2014 election as an election monitor in Homs, where the two opposition parties had their representatives in every single polling station and during the vote counts. The CIA helped run rat lines from places like the Pankisi Gorge in Georgia, bringing in the combat-veteran Chechens, who had learned their trade killing Russians. And US military contractors trained newbie cannon fodder in Jordan and Turkey to be fed into the Syrian War grist mill, often changing sides and joining the terrorists for the higher pay and sex slaves. Fighters, weapons and logistical supplies flowed through the Turkish border almost like an open bazaar all during the first ceasefire, which is how the US coalition undermined it. This included advanced weapons from the large stockpiles of the Gulf States and Turkey, and even included US-made TOW anti-armor missiles. A very tightrope relationship While Kerry and Lavrov were negotiating, the jihadis were able to pull 10,000 fighters together in an attempt to break the siege of East Aleppo, where they were almost successful. Some observers feel they took the bait of deploying in large combat units, where the Syrian and Russian air forces pummeled them on the open outskirts of Aleppo and bombing their supply depots and command centers around northern and eastern Syria. The Tupelov-23M bombers deploying from their Hamadan base in Iran allowed the Syrian air force to double their bomb loads and cut the time in half to reach their targets, which our Intel sources had confirmed were being warned of incoming strikes so they would have time to disperse…and by that I mean Western satellite Intel. Frankly I did not give the Kerry-Lavrov talks much of a chance against this backdrop. And then to make matters worse, we saw a new conflict flare up between the US-backed Kurds and the Syrian Arab Army (SAA) after the hard fought success in taking Manbij from IS. The last straw came with Turkey sending troops and armor over the border at Jarablus to run the Islamic State (IS) out of town and install its chosen opposition forces there. The Kurds who have been fighting IS to take pressure off of Aleppo now find themselves “targets of opportunity”, as Turkey claims it will bomb terrorists of their choosing, and the US provided air cover for the Jarablus incursion when the Turkish air force could have easily done so. Who keeps wanting to kill the chance of a real ceasefire? I immediately saw Turkey was getting its long-awaited buffer and no fly zone along its Syrian border. So far, all the other national players seem to have agreed to go along with it, as none have protested. What Turkey and friends decide to do with their buffer zone remains to be seen. Will they provide a safe haven for Syrian rebels where they can rest and rearm without fear of being bombed? Will endless supplies be made available to them if they remain cooperative proxy forces? While I read all the nice sounding comments about respecting Syria’s territorial integrity, has that not already been violated by what seems to be a Turkey-US Coalition partitioning while I type? If so, the question now is what do those who have not protested these actions get in return? Was it an agreement to throw the rump opposition groups out of the talks? Was the timing of the Turkish move into Syria a condition of getting a “stake in the game” so to speak, to get its cooperation in a Syria resolution, knowing that a Kurdish state will not appear one morning on its border providing safe haven for what it deems to be Kurdish terrorists in Turkey? One huge clue was how quickly the YPG Kurds were thrown to the wolves. Were all or some of these events a result of behind the scenes agreements being made not only on the general ceasefire, but the Aleppo one as well? Did it include the US telling its Kurdish proxies that we would provide them air cover from both Syrian and Russian planes if they followed their instructions well? YPG Kurds Do all the above-mentioned parties want to calm Syria down so that full attention can be given to the pending Mosul battle? And by that I mean making sure that thousands of hard-core jihadi terrorists cannot escape (nor be allowed to) so they can redeploy to a newly assigned jihad. Both Iraq and Syria have routinely allowed escape routes to be left open for jihadis to retreat out of concern for incurring more deaths among their own troops in a “fight to the death” brutal street combat. But I hope someone is paying attention that allowing the monsters in Mosul to just exit the city after the carnage they have inflicted would be a huge injustice to all their past and future victims. As I get older, I get tired of watching what is often called a military success, when it is actually a passing of a big problem onto someone else’s plate. This is even worse with the terrorism game, as you are letting highly trained terrorists, including their leaders, be thrown to the wind to multiply like a virus. Color me suspicious if I don’t feel that such “mistakes” are often made on purpose, where certain Intel agencies are getting their key terror proxies out of a battle so they can be the nucleus for the next one down the road. Despite all of these questions and fears, we pray that the long suffering people of Syria and Iraq will see an end to their torment that is not the comfort of the grave. Jim W. Dean, managing editor for Veterans Today, producer/host of Heritage TV Atlanta, specially for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook”. ____________ Related Posts: NEO – Ceasefire Roulette in Syria – Who Will Win? NEO – Is the Syrian Ceasefire a Dead Man Walking? NEO – The Ceasefire Roulette Game Continues in Syria The basic problems regarding Syrian cease-fire which led to the capture of Khan Touman village by terrorists Interview – Syrian govt. accepts US Russia ceasefire deal The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Jim W. Dean, Managing Editor on September 1, 2016, With 1696 Reads Filed under WarZone. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT Latest Top 10 Comments Will Kissinger be a private bridge between Trump and Putin? In which Alex Jones explodes in blubbering rage at the mere mention of my name PTSD and the Toxic World Around Us Unprecented: President to Enter White House Facing Child Rape Trial Roland Organic Juicing Optimal Health Program – Happy New Year Democrat vs. Democratic Israel: Downfall of Netanyahu Predicted but Desire to Occupy Persists RT Joins the Dogs with Pit Bull Scare Will this Syrian ceasefire die like all before it? Benjamin Freedman Exposed the Khazarian Mafia Avnery – The UNSC Resolution Alla Pierce – Polish ambitions in global politics in 2017 CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? No US Aircraft Carriers Now Deployed; None Expected in Middle East for Months Jordan Army Chief Says ISIL Militants Acquired Anti-Aircraft Missiles Iraqi army makes gains in Mosul as ISIS suicide blasts kill 28 in Baghdad Three Perennial Lies in the World Military, Political and Diplomatic Trends Of 2016 That Will Shape 2017 NEO – Clooney and the “White Helmets,” Dupe or Dope? American Insanity: Time to End Billions of Taxpayer Monies Sent to Fund Crazy 19th Century Zionist Dreams A Storm Is Coming (12999) Should Putin liberate the Golan Heights? (9216) Did Israel Down a Russian Jet Over UNSC Smackdown? (UPDATE) (8502) UFOs and the Secret German Space Program (6944) Times of Israel: Netanyahu goes to war with the world (5817) CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? (4355) VT: We are winning the fake news war (4200) Forbidden Videos, White Helmet Executioners and More (4001) And the biggest false flag story of 2016 is…. (3816) Syria-Gate: NATO weaponry and personnel in East Aleppo (3611) Trakkath: Three Perennial Lies in the World Trakkath: Alla Pierce – Polish ambitions in global politics in 2017 Trakkath: Alla Pierce – Polish ambitions in global politics in 2017 Edward Longshanks: CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? Edward Longshanks: RT Joins the Dogs with Pit Bull Scare kaho: CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? Jolanski: American Insanity: Time to End Billions of Taxpayer Monies Sent to Fund Crazy 19th Century Zionist Dreams Allen L Roland, PhD: Roland Organic Juicing Optimal Health Program – Happy New Year Jolanski: Three Perennial Lies in the World Jolanski: Three Perennial Lies in the World VT Readers Poll Do You Support USA Abstaining from UN Resolution on Illegal Israeli Settlements on Indigenous Peoples Land? Yes, agree with USA abstaining Yes, but I wish they would have VOTED in agreement in rest of world No, USA should have VETO'd the vote and stand with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Featured Columnists Allen L Roland, PhD Bob Johnson Bob Nichols Brig Asif H. Raja David Swanson Ed Mattson Gilad Atzmon Gordon Duff, Seni.. Ian Greenhalgh Jim W. Dean, Mana.. Johnny Punish Jonas E. Alexis Kadir A. Mohmand Kevin Barrett Leo Emil Wanta Michael Shrimpton Mike Harris Paul Fitzgerald Press TV Preston James, Ph.D Sami Jamil Jadallah South Front Stuart Littlewood World News Tommor.. Personal Finance View all Follow these simple steps to improve your personal finances in 2017 Follow these simple steps to improve your personal finances in 2017 How to Set, And Keep, Your Personal-Finance Resolutions 5 financial habits to adopt to get wiser about wealth in 2017 National News View all Farming programs helps veterans learn to farm Farming programs helps veterans learn to farm Schools receive recognition for honoring local veterans New Law Provides Fertility Treatment Benefits To Wounded Veterans Foundation News View all Cancer Care for Our Veterans Cancer Care for Our Veterans VA Research on Cancer Career News View all Texas judge takes specialized court for veterans on the road Texas judge takes specialized court for veterans on the road Spring Mobile Joins HireVeterans.com! Area groups to offer veterans’ resource fair in January Network News View all VT Welcomes Scott Stockdale to our Staff Writer Team at VNN VT Welcomes Scott Stockdale to our Staff Writer Team at VNN Esteemed Broadcaster Dan Yaseen Joins VT VT Thanks Readers While Reviewing 2016 and Updates for 2017   Listen Live Radio TV Video Common Law vs. Corporatocracy in Pennsylvania: Radio Free Kanata, January 1, 2017 St. Aquinas on Endtimes & Antichrist’s Arrival Before the Triumph” “Meteor Warning for 2017” China Rising: Capitalist Roads, Socialist Destinations Exposing Fake News with Mike Harris Tribulation Cometh: Church & World In Eclipse TOP 50 READ ARTICLES THIS MONTH From Veterans Today Network Updated: Syrian Special Forces captured 14 US Coalition officers captured in Aleppo UPDATED: Turkish Intel Murders Russian Ambassador in Ankara, in Erdogan False Flag Ploy Aleppo Freed, Biggest US Defeat Since Vietnam The Coming War on Pedophilia? Did Israel Down a Russian Jet Over UNSC Smackdown? (UPDATE) The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) A Storm Is Coming Jacob Rothschild is Guilty for the Conspiracy Against Humankind Satanic Pedophile Cabal’s Iron Grip of Evil Qatari princess having sex with seven men VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble Should Putin liberate the Golan Heights? JFK Jr. Told the World Who Murdered His Father Sandy Hook Hoax: How we know it didn’t happen Berlin Terror Attack: The Only Option for Israel? Syria officially reveals data about foreign Intel officers in Aleppo CNN sympathizes with Ankara assassin U.S. Officials: Russia and Assad Won Syrian War, New World Order Agents Lost   Russia to annihilate killers of its doctor(s) in Aleppo UFOs and the Secret German Space Program Breaking: US Trying to Rescue Intelligence Officers from Eastern Aleppo City CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? The Khazarian Mafia and their marionettes want to rule the world Times of Israel: Netanyahu goes to war with the world Mila Kunis: Hollywood producers want actresses to be pimps Vladimir Putin to NWO agents and Barack Obama: So, you want to get in the ring for a real fight? Vladimir Putin morally and intellectually humiliates Satanist Masha Gessen again Christmas Myth: Was Jesus Jewish? Top 5 Most Racist Countries in the World The role of the Spetsnaz in the liberation of Aleppo The Silent Coup: Putin vs. the Oligarchs Intel Drop, December 13, 2016 Russia’s Churkin takes Samantha Power to the woodshed on ‘moderate opposition’ myth Rape and Sex in German Cities After World War II Revisited (Part II) Russia and UN Condemn Trump on Israel and it won’t go away The Trump Card is played! Never Underestimate THE FOOL Large Number of Turkish, Saudi (Israeli) Officers Deployed in Syria’s Aleppo City Zio-Gladio strikes Europe! Berlin suspect, NATO auditor shot dead Anti-9/11-truth propaganda film “Sully” was produced by Steven Mnuchin Trump’s Nazi Supporters Aghast as Mossad Chief Joins Trump Transition Team Russia tells Assad there is no ‘military solution’ for Syria And the biggest false flag story of 2016 is…. Benjamin Freedman Exposed the Khazarian Mafia When the Lying Starts VT: We are winning the fake news war Mainstream Media Confirm Dalai Lama is A CIA Asset DealDash a Scam? 90% OFF or Rip-Off? Trump, Russia and Israel, a Fake Detente and Real Terrorism US Ambassador Samantha Power: Russia, Iran and Assad ruin our wicked plan in Syria Forbidden Videos, White Helmet Executioners and More Facebook Friend Us Twitter Follow Us Google+ Circle Us RSS Site Feed About Us Veterans Today (VT) is an independent online journal representing the positions and providing news for members of the military and veteran community in areas of national security, geopolitical stability and domestic policy. All writers are fully independent and represent their own point of view and not necessarily the point of view of any other writer, administrator or entity. Quick Links VT Live Radio & Video VT Apps Email Newsletter Advertise Contact Us Help Desk Search Archives Search Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 Search Veterans Today Network VETERANS TODAY NETWORK: National News | Foreign Policy | Job Board | Job News | Money | Forums | Net Radio | Veteran Owned Businesses (VOSB) | Partners: USS Liberty | Rense.com | Veterans Today Cancer Foundation | Log in  - Powered By Veterans Today Network
null
