null
null
The Year of SurpriseDemonetisation news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Demonetisation News Home » Industry Last Modified: Mon, Jan 02 2017. 11 20 AM IST Technology in 2017: The next bright idea We have a completely new set of trends to look forward to and a bunch of new gadgets that will redefine user experiences as well as productivity Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Livemint The next Surface evolution will likely run the Intel ‘Kaby Lake’ processor, and improved graphics. As we head into 2017, the technology ecosystem is going to see wholesale changes again. Most of the things that we knew will already be outdated. We have a completely new set of trends to look forward to and a bunch of new gadgets that will redefine user experiences as well as productivity. And while this is happening, the brains behind some of the well-known brands and some new kids on the block will be making their presence felt. GADGETS Apple’s next iPhone There is great expectation that next iPhone (logically, it might be called the iPhone 8) will be a big generational change to mark the iPhone’s 10th anniversary. The home button could be gone, we might even get a curved screen and of course, a new operating system (OS) in tow. Samsung’s new Galaxy The question really is whether it can successfully erase the volatile memories of the Galaxy Note 7. It is expected to run the latest specs, a high resolution curved display and even improved camera. But the question remains—can it stay cool enough to not explode? Windows 10 creators update Sometime in early 2017, Microsoft will enhance Windows 10’s focus on new creativity and gaming experiences. This will include 2D->3D object creation, game broadcasting and 4K gaming. The Forza Horizon 3 game in 4K would be a good enough reason to splurge on a new PC! Microsoft Surface Pro 5 The next Surface evolution will likely run the Intel “Kaby Lake” processor, and improved graphics. It’ll continue to be the benchmark for Windows convertibles and also an alternative to the Apple MacBook, and that ties in with the push towards making it even more enticing for enterprises. Google Pixel laptop It is believed that Google is working on a PC that will run its upcoming hybrid OS, which combines the goodness of Android and Chrome OS. Likely to be called the Pixel 3, it will have a 12.9-inch display, and the flexibility of a laptop and a tablet. TRENDS AND EVENTS Mobile World Congress 2017 In March in Barcelona, we could see the return of Nokia phones; it is confirmed that HMD Global will be making the phones under licence. Huawei usually has a strong line-up of phones to show, and with the P10, it’ll continue down that path. HTC also has a lot at stake. AI will be more relevant Mark Zuckerberg’s Jarvis artificial intelligence (AI) assistant isn’t a hobby project. AI is a part of our lives, more than we have noticed. It is gaining contextual intelligence: Facebook can recognize your friends in photos, Google’s Allo is proactively communicative and Netflix knows which TV series you should watch. Consumer Internet of Things is here to stay After many false dawns, smart home gadgets that you can control with your smartphone may become real now. Tech is becoming more affordable, and there may finally be some agreement on standards that allow interoperability. Google’s Android Things platform also indicates the next horizon of geeky excitement. Cord cutting will take off Netflix is here, and now Amazon Prime Video has joined the party. India is finally coming to terms with a world beyond cable and direct-to-home (DTH) television—always available, on your phones and televisions. In reality, 2017 could finally be the year when India adopts video streaming over conventional television. Push for hybrid car tech With the state of the environment becoming a serious concern, carmakers in India are expected to focus on hybrid technologies—mild hybrid and full hybrids. Maruti Suzuki India Ltd’s smart hybrid vehicle system (SHVS) and Toyota’s full hybrid technology is forcing rivals to consider similar tech for new car launches. Cleaner cars will go mainstream. PEOPLE TO WATCH Elon Elon Musk. Photo: Bloomberg Elon Musk, CEO and CTO, SpaceX; CEO, Tesla Motors Elon Reeve Musk, the South African-born Canadian-American businessman, has promised that every Tesla car will be fully autonomous by the end of 2017. A semi trailer truck and a minibus will also be unveiled. Hyperloop ground speed transport project will get to test their human-scale pods as well. Eido Eido Gal (2nd from left). Eido Gal, co-founder, Riskified Riskified, an Israeli start-up, makes an e-commerce fraud prevention tool that will help companies and merchants in identifying and verifying the authenticity of online transactions. This gains even greater relevance globally, with transactions over the Internet spiking, particularly for shopping. Travis Cordell Kalanick. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint Travis Kalanick, CEO, Uber Travis Cordell Kalanick’s ride sharing titan Uber is on track with driverless cab tests in Pittsburgh and San Francisco, except for the small matter of tweaking an algorithm that’ll stop them from cutting off cyclists. Then there is the potential initial public offering, which could be the biggest one of 2017. Maureen Fan. Photo: Getty Images Maureen Fan, CEO, Baobab Studios The start-up, also called ‘The Pixar of Virtual Reality’, has VR projects lined up for 2017. The Invasion! story is available for Oculus Rift, HTC Vive, Playstation VR, Google Daydream and Samsung Gear VR. Asteroids! will be released at The Sundance Film Festival. It has raised another $25 million. Carl Pei. Photo: Priyanka Parashar/Mint Carl Pei, co-founder, OnePlus The Chinese smartphone company has big plans for 2017. First, it is expected to build on the excellent OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T smartphones with an equally excellent successor. No pressure, then! The company will also start production in India to meet local demand for its phones Livemint Topics: TechnologygadgetsAppleMicrosoftSamsung More From Livemint READ MORE Sops only a sentimental boost; rally in cement stocks will soon fizzle Are lending rate cuts a desperate attempt to stoke the dying embers of credit offtake? How much has demonetisation affected the stock market? First Published: Sun, Jan 01 2017. 10 58 PM IST Editor's Picks Narendra Modi: The man who would purify India Demonetisation takes toll on investment, manufacturing Can Budget 2017 provide a push for growth after demonetisation shock? Latest News Sops only a sentimental boost; rally in cement stocks will soon fizzle Are lending rate cuts a desperate attempt to stoke the dying embers of credit offtake? How much has demonetisation affected the stock market? Opening bell: Asian markets open higher; SBI, Hero Moto, Hathway Cable in news Govt to showcase development schemes at Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas conclave Mint On Sunday The Asian hornet comes to Britain The maiden novels of Indian languages I swear by the stars in the sky, I’m not going to take any shit from anyone Vitas Gerulaitis served an ace of a punchline What the world’s top chefs like to eat at home Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Intel’s i7-7700k overclocked to a ridiculous 7GHz thanks to liquid nitrogen Mike Wehner BGR NewsJanuary 1, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Intel’s much-anticipated high-performance Kaby Lake processors are almost here, which means anyone with a PC built for gaming or other heavy lifting tasks will have to decide whether or not it’s time for an upgrade. The i7-7700k chip, which will likely succeed the 6700k as being the go-to for overclockers and enthusiasts, will definitely be in high demand, but just how much room is there for tweaking? Well, if you happen to have a bit of liquid nitrogen sitting around, the answer is a whole lot. Don't Miss: Airline pilot arrested after trying to fly drunk OCLab reports that noted overclock guru Allen “Splave” Golibersuch managed to snag one of the processors early and took the opportunity to really push the 7700k to its absolute limits. Not satisfied with the chip’s stock clock speed of 4.2GHz, he hooked it up to a cooling system that any PC builder would envy: liquid nitrogen. With the super-cooled setup working to suck as much heat from the chip as possible, Splave managed to overclock the 7700k to a stable 7GHz. However, that impressive feat does come with a pretty significant drawback; overclocking to such an insane degree requires that all but two of the cores of the chip be shut down. Still, that’s a mighty fast processor. Now, unless you’re planning on buy stock in a liquid nitrogen corporation, there’s a good chance you won’t get anywhere close to a 7GHz overclock out of the 7700k, but with that much headroom it’s likely possible to push most chips past 5.5GHz with some decent water cooling. As with all overclocks, each chip will behave differently and even if you buy two 7700ks on the same day in the same store, they’ll each likely perform slightly differently when overclocking. Still, a 7GHz overclock is a great sign, so prepare your wallet for when the chip lands at your local PC shop in the coming weeks. Trending right now: Here’s what a Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus looks like after 3 months without a case Don’t let 2016 slip away without using this site to see your best nine Instagram pics iOS 10.3 might introduce an intriguing new ‘Theatre mode’ See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech Obama boosted White House technology; Trump sees risks Associated Press The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. The Open-Source / Linux Letdowns Of 2016 Written by Michael Larabel in Free Software on 1 January 2017 at 09:00 AM EST. 11 Comments Last year I had written about the The Open-Source Linux Letdowns of 2015 and then Other Letdowns For Linux / Open-Source Users From 2015, which ended up being among the most viewed articles of 2016. So I figured I'd once again share a list of what personally was disappointing not to see happen in 2016 within the Linux/open-source space. Among what I'd classify as big letdowns for 2016 include: Ubuntu Convergence - This was on my 2015 letdown list and sadly it's back up for 2016... The whole Ubuntu convergence story has yet to be fully realized with Unity 8 + Mir still needing a lot of work and their goal now pushed back to Ubuntu 18.04 LTS but for that would really need to have it worthy by Ubuntu 17.10. There's also been the matter of no new/recent device announcements concerning Ubuntu on phones or tablets. Many are concerned by the lack of clear communication and announcements over the future of the convergence strategy and market viability of Ubuntu phones. AMD's Open-Source Vulkan Driver - While RADV sprouted up as an unofficial Radeon Vulkan driver that's open-source and surprisingly working out well, we still haven't seen any of the open-source official AMD Vulkan driver code that was talked about happening since even before the Vulkan 1.0 launch. We've heard AMD is working on getting the code cleaned up to release, they may try first working to open-source code that would help fill in the missing pieces for RADV, etc, but long story short Vulkan 1.0 is almost one year old and we still haven't seen the code expected from AMD... Hopefully it won't be too much longer to avoid overlap or fragmentation with the RADV efforts. AMDGPU DAL / DC Not Ready - The other big disappointment is the DAL/DC display code for the AMDGPU DRM driver not yet being ready for the mainline Linux kernel... This is holding back HDMI/DP audio from working out-of-the-box with newer AMD graphics cards on Linux, FreeSync support isn't yet part of the open driver until DAL/DC is merged, and it's blocking other features like HDMI 2.0, atomic mode-setting, DP MST, and more. AMD developers are working on currently cleaning up the code to get it acceptable to upstream developers, but it looks like it could still be a few months. The Steam Linux Marketshare Remains Around ~1% - As a letdown to optimistic Linux enthusiasts/gamers and to game studios weighing the viability of porting their games to Linux, the marketshare remains quite small. You can argue about the accuracy of the Steam Survey, but as of November it still pegged it at 0.88%. Even if doubling that over concerns over the accuracy of the survey or SteamOS Big Picture users not being counted, that's still less than 2%. macOS meanwhile is still maintaining 3.5~4%. Related to this, there has been barely anything to talk about with Linux-powered Steam Machines in 2016. NVIDIA Firmware & Nouveau Re-Clocking - This is another item that was on my 2015 list and while it's shifted a bit, it still is a big problem. In 2016 we finally saw NVIDIA provide their signed firmware blobs for Maxwell GPUs, but now we are in a similar waiting game for Pascal firmware for the GTX 1000 series consumer GPUs. No word when that Pascal GTX 1050/1060/1070/1080 firmware might be cleared for release. The lack of PMU firmware on the GTX 900 series still is also causing complications for re-clocking on this generation-old hardware. But in 2016 Nouveau developers did make some improvements by merging the "boost" patches for Linux 4.10 among other re-clocking advancements. Open-Source OpenCL - Another one from the 2015 list... The state of the open-source OpenCL driver support is still rather sad. Just this week was a positive milestone of Intel's Beignet being able to expose OpenCL 2.0 for Skylake+ but in 2016 there's been no real activity in the Nouveau space, the AMD Clover-based OpenCL driver is basically dead, and no other real open-source hardware driver efforts. AMD is working on a new Linux OpenCL stack via ROCm, but that isn't fully open yet but does make us optimistic for better adopted and supported AMD open-source OpenCL for later in 2017. Where Are The Vulkan Games? - While Vulkan was only released in February and it takes a while to adapt a new game engine to a new graphics API and longer for the renderer to make full-use of new APIs like DX12/Vulkan, it was a bit of a letdown only seeing two commercial games this year using Vulkan on Linux: Dota 2 and The Talos Principle. Plus there's the vkQuake open-source game if wanting to count that as well as if running the Windows-only DOOM game on Wine with Vulkan wine-staging patches. But hopefully in 2017 we'll see many more game studios release Vulkan titles. We already know that Feral Interactive will begin with some game ports using Vulkan. May 2017 be a bright year for Vulkan gaming! xf86-video-intel 3.0 - The 3.0 Intel DDX driver has been "in development" for several years now while there hasn't even been a new development snapshot in two years. Intel appears to not even really be maintaining this driver anymore but what's sad has been the lack of official communication concerning the future of this xf86-video-intel driver... Meanwhile, distributions like Ubuntu/Debian are switching to using xf86-video-modesetting by default in place of xf86-video-intel. These were the items that came to my mind this New Year's morning off the top of my head. At least there was a lot to be thankful for in the Linux/open-source space for 2016, as covered in the past few weeks in various recaps and "most viewed" articles on Phoronix. Within our forums you can share what you viewed as your personal letdowns related to Linux / open-source in 2016. 11 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Free Software News Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? SQLite 3.16 Released, Uses Less CPU Cycles & Adds Experimental PRAGMA Support Zlib 1.2.9 Released, First Update In Three Years Libpng Updates Fix 21-Year-Old Null Dereference Bug OpenCV 3.2 Computer Vision Stack Released OpenVPN 2.4 Released: Adds LZ4 Compression, Android Platform Support Popular News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest The Top BSD News This Year: Ubuntu Atop BSD, FreeBSD 11.0, DragonFly's HAMMER2 Arcan Display Server Working On X.Org / Wayland Compatibility Lineage: Forking CyanogenMod To A New Android Distribution Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
The Times of Israel Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs Start-Up Israel Partners New Jersey:The Jewish Standard New York:The Jewish Week United Kingdom:The Jewish News For Publishers:Become a Times of Israel partner Daily Edition Spotlight s   English العربية Français 中文 فارسی Tuesday, January 3, 2017 Tevet 5, 5777 4:45 am IST About Us About the site Contact us Advertise with us Advertise with us Partner Links: Learn Hebrew Judaica Web Store Thrifty Car Rental Make Aliyah Israel Car Rental Help Fight BDS! Subscribe to the Daily Edition Follow @timesofisrael Home  > Israel & the Region  > Hebrew media review Hebrew media review Investigation? Ain’t no prime minister got time for that Netanyahu’s inability to find time for the police makes front pages, though one paper sees the probe against him as just another media plot; and 2017 is welcomed with something less than hope By Joshua Davidovich January 1, 2017, 12:33 pm Tweet Email Print Share Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu speaks during a ceremony at Intel's Kiryat Gat plant on November 14, 2016. (Flash90) Writers Joshua Davidovich Follow or contact: Twitter RSS Newsroom Email the Newsroom Facebook Twitter Related Topics Hebrew media review Benjamin Netanyahu Alan Dershowitz Related Stories Netanyahu said to warn of more anti-Israel UN activity Bodies of Hamas terrorists won’t be returned, ministers decide Israel to bring back body of teen killed in Turkey terror attack New Year’s attack on packed Istanbul club leaves 39 dead Israeli woman hurt in Istanbul club attack; another missing As Yesh Atid surges in polls, Shas says it won’t back Lapid as PM Israeli teenager, 19, killed in Istanbul nightclub attack Bennett vows to pursue Ma’ale Adumim annexation this month PM: ‘I advise the opposition to calm down’ over corruption probe By now it’s become a truism that 2016 was one stinker of a year for most, and from the looks of the first newspapers of the new year from the Israeli press, not much will change in 2017. While front pages are emblazoned with pictures of fireworks and wishes for a great 2017, the news offerings give a picture of a more melancholy and bizarro state of play – and that’s without the deadly Istanbul attack, which unfolded too late to make the morning papers. Chief among the items giving a view of a new year that’s much like the old are papers tackling Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s apparent avoidance of dealing with legal challenges he is facing, with one paper – Israel Hayom, natch — joining in on the eschewal effort. Both Yedioth and Haaretz lead off with reports that Netanyahu has failed to find the time to meet with police to answer questions about the various suspicions against him, after Attorney General Avichai Mandelblit informed him that he was under investigation on December 12. The papers mention that Netanyahu begged off, saying he would meet with investigators after his trip to Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan that week, but hasn’t found the time since. Unmentioned is the stuff Netanyahu has found the time for, like making a silly New year’s video, reportedly declaring war on New Zealand, and spending three hours with reporters and editors from The Times of Israel, among other things. “The main challenge now for investigators is to find a significant window of time in the prime minister’s schedule for an initial probe, which will include confronting him with allegations of receiving benefits. The police don’t want the investigation to be spread out over several days, and it’s important that they get Netanyahu’s side as succinctly as possible. For this they are planning on the possibility of questioning him during abnormal hours and taking into account that it will take place on Netanyahu’s home court – at the Prime Minister’s Residence in Jerusalem and not in the interrogation room. Police are hoping it will happen this week,” Yedioth reports, adding that police also want to keep Netanyahu from speaking to his son Yair, who will also be questioned, but can’t because, well, he’s the prime minister. Mandelblit has refused to announce the specifics of the suspicions against Netanyahu and Haaretz reports that police are refusing to confirm reports that businessman Ron Lauder was one of some 50 people who have testified in the case. But the broadsheet writes that Lauder testified he gave Netanyahu a suit and his son a place to stay abroad. “According to Lauder, the gifts were between friends, part of the years-long ties he’s had with Netanyahu. However, police think that the value of the gifts is more than Lauder claimed, and that they were given as ‘casting thy bread,’” the paper reports, using a biblical term that’s used to denote payola in modern Hebrew. Things might look bad for Netanyahu and his legal woes, but savvy readers of Israel Hayom know that journalists reporting on a police investigation into the elected head of government for the State of Israel are all just part of a pathetic “obsessive” campaign against the prime minister. So says the front page of the tabloid, quoting no less a personage than American lawyer Alan Dershowitz, who has also defended O.J. Simpson, Steve Bannon and Claus Von Bulow. The paper quotes Dershowitz going on attack against the media, and though the paper declines to report on Netanyahu not having time to talk to the police and casts as much doubt as possible in what little reporting it does have on the legal case, the Harvard lawyer defends Netanyahu as someone who is so busy “he needs to work 25 hours a day, 8 days a week.” As a cherry on top, Dershowitz says the police and Mandelblit should back off Netanyahu altogether, at least for now. “I’m confident that if there is a need for an investigation, it should be done only after an elected official, a president or prime minister for instance, finishes his term. The fact that now the prime minister may have to deal with being questioned under caution on what seem to be trivial matters, investigations created by the media – harms democracy, and disturbs senior elected officials’ ability to fulfill their roles,” Dershowitz is quoted saying (in a translation of Israel Hayom’s Hebrew translation back into English.) Israel Hayom also breaks ranks by being the only paper to look back wistfully at 2016 and view the coming of 2017 with something less than trepidation. Under a headline of “new start” and with a picture of several liberal world leaders forced out or on the way out – Matteo Renzi, David Cameron, Francois Hollande, Angela Merkel and Barack Obama – the paper’s Boaz Bismuth looks forward to a world ruled by the nativists and populists ushered in over the last 12 months – first and foremost US President-elect Donald Trump. “2017 will be the year that populism continues to raise its head against the center that took the place of the left,” he writes. “It will also be the year that, 150 years after the publication of Karl Marx’s ‘Das Kapital,’ many will continue to dream of revolution. But 2016 [Trump and Brexit] proved that the voting booth can be much more stable than the street.” Bismuth doesn’t raise many hackles about Trump’s friendship with Russian President Vladimir Putin, a sign that Netanyahu doesn’t either, but in Haaretz Chemi Shalev writes that the prime minister would be smart to view TrumPutin with a more wary eye. “If Putin is indeed calling the shots, he might very well have enough ambition to try and impose a Pax-Russiana on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, with Trump’s role to deliver Israel. And lest Netanyahu find comfort in the deep support that Israel currently enjoys among Republicans, he should have a look at the latest polls conducted this month among Trump voters. They were once diehard anti-Russian hawks and are now enamored with Putin no less than their president,” he writes. While Shalev’s evenhanded approach leaves him only looking at the possibility of disastrous times ahead, Yedioth’s Smadar Peri predicts with a certainty only afforded Israeli prognosticators that 2017 will be even worse than 2016 was, especially in the Middle East, where chaos reigns supreme. If that’s still too cheery, she ends on an even more macabre note, taking stock of the other prophets of doom around the region. “It’s interesting to note another assessment, made by all the experts: At least one leader in our neighborhood will be killed in 2017,” she writes. “Who will it be? Every expert has his guesses, every analyst has his scenarios.” Like us on Facebook Get our newsletter Follow us on Twitter Tweet Read more on:  Hebrew media review,  Benjamin Netanyahu,  Alan Dershowitz,  Avichai Mandelblit,  new year's greeting,  Donald Trump,  Vladimir Putin More in Israel & the Region Minimum number of vacation days rises to 12 in 2017 Comments on this article Report inappropriate comments The Times of Israel Current top stories Philosopher Bernard Henri-Levy revisits Jewish roots in new book By Cnaan Liphshiz   AG formally confirms Netanyahu is under investigation, details cases already closed By Raoul Wootliff   IS makes unusual claim of responsibility for Istanbul attack By Lori Hinnant and DUSAN STOJANOVIC   4 sisters allegedly killed by mother in suspected murder-suicide buried in Jerusalem By Times of Israel staff   Schools to open late Tuesday as teachers call warning strike By Times of Israel staff   The Times of Israel Daily Edition Free to Your Inbox The email is either missing or invalid Almost finished... We need to confirm your email address first. To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email we just sent you. By signing up, you agree to our terms You hereby accept The Times of Israel Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, and you agree to receive the latest news & offers from The Times of Israel and its partners or ad sponsors. Latest Articles News Features   3:46 am   Hollywood sign to beef up security after ‘Hollyweed’ prank 2:56 am   IS makes unusual claim of responsibility for Istanbul attack 2:21 am   4 sisters allegedly killed by mother in suspected murder-suicide buried in Jerusalem 1:34 am   AG formally confirms Netanyahu is under investigation, details cases already closed 12:57 am   Police interrogate Netanyahu for 3 hours over graft suspicions Jan 2, 11:41 pm   Carjackers killed crashing stolen SUV into Connecticut synagogue Jan 2, 10:56 pm   Pakistani man indicted for spying on German-Israeli group for Iran Jan 2, 10:17 pm   SpaceX finds cause of explosion that destroyed Israeli satellite Jan 2, 9:33 pm   Autopsy shows Jerusalem mother strangled daughters before fire Jan 2, 9:32 pm   A record 2 million people visited Auschwitz Museum in 2016 Jan 2, 9:02 pm   Likud MK to propose bill granting PM immunity from prosecution Jan 2, 8:47 pm   29 companies qualify to bid for Iran oil and gas projects Jan 2, 8:30 pm   Hamas slams ‘barbaric’ Israel over decision not to return terrorists’ bodies Jan 2, 8:13 pm   Egypt destroys 12 Gaza smuggling tunnels Jan 2, 7:15 pm   American-Israeli violinist wows ‘The Voice Israel’ Jan 2, 6:58 pm   Schools to open late Tuesday as teachers call warning strike Jan 2, 5:58 pm   Criminal negligence suspected at Haifa oil refinery blaze Jan 2, 5:25 pm   Obama to bid farewell in January 10 address Jan 2, 5:12 pm   Swedish ‘laserman’ killer of Jewish woman to stand trial in Germany Jan 2, 5:10 pm   In first, Knesset committee debates how to stop Israel’s vast binary options fraud Jan 2, 5:03 pm   As opposition laments graft probe, PM says: Don’t celebrate Jan 2, 4:11 pm   Majority of victims in Istanbul attack were foreigners Jan 2, 4:03 pm   Former minister buried at Jerusalem’s Mount of Olives Jan 2, 2:52 pm   Live updates (closed): Mother, daughters in Jerusalem ‘murder-suicide’ to be buried tonight Jan 2, 2:51 pm   First arrests made in Istanbul nightclub shooting probe Jan 2, 2:38 pm   Police set to interrogate Netanyahu on Monday evening Jan 2, 1:58 pm   Hebrew media review: After the unthinkable, papers wrestle with the unanswerable Jan 2, 1:57 pm   Tunisian president fingers Israel in Hamas engineer’s killing Jan 2, 1:33 pm   Virginia Tech, Strauss seek Israeli firms for food R&D Jan 2, 1:21 pm   Suicide car bomber outside Mogadishu airport kills 3   Latest Blogs Robert Stark 3:28 am Why Israeli settlements are not a... Jeremy Burton 3:19 am After the speech: investing in... Avi Shamir 3:14 am The score sheet on Kerry’s... Perry Trotter 12:23 am A “Judenrein”... Debra Band 12:48 am The Jewish Spirit in Jewish Art Most Read Talked Shared Past 24 Hours Past Week Past Month 1 Israeli teenager, 19, killed in Istanbul nightclub attack By Agencies and Times of Israel staff  2 Jerusalem mother, 4 daughters die in suspected murder-suicide By Times of Israel staff  3 Trump ‘aggressively’ pursuing Netanyahu to attend inauguration — report By Times of Israel staff  4 Trump-cheering YouTube stars ‘stand with Israel’ By Times of Israel staff  5 Why Tel Aviv is Israel’s new ‘aliyah capital’ By Andrew Tobin  Past 24 Hours Past Week Past Month 1 Trump ‘aggressively’ pursuing Netanyahu to attend inauguration — report By Times of Israel staff  2 Abbas: 2017 will be the year of Palestinian statehood By Times of Israel staff and Agencies  3 Could the ‘Jewish State of Israel’ crack one of the conflict’s hardest nuts? By Raphael Ahren  4 Trump-cheering YouTube stars ‘stand with Israel’ By Times of Israel staff  5 Bishop who smuggled arms to Palestinians dies in Rome By Times of Israel staff  Past 24 Hours Past Week Past Month 1 Israeli teenager, 19, killed in Istanbul nightclub attack By Agencies and Times of Israel staff  2 Jerusalem mother, 4 daughters die in suspected murder-suicide By Times of Israel staff  3 Trump ‘aggressively’ pursuing Netanyahu to attend inauguration — report By Times of Israel staff  4 Report on Anne Frank’s capture sparks frustration among experts By Matt Lebovic  5 Australian PM condemns ‘one-sided’ UN settlement resolution By Times of Israel staff  Back to Top The Times of Israel Home Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs The Jewish Planet Start-Up Israel Daily Edition Spotlight Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletter Facebook Twitter RSS © 2017 The Times of Israel, All rights reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
null
Neowin Login Sign up News Features Forums Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Dell will be revealing a new XPS 13 2-in-1 at CES 2017 By Rich Woods Neowin LLC @@TheRichWoods · Jan 1, 2017 with 0 comments CES 2017 is right around the corner now, and it looks like Dell will be launching at least one new laptop, the XPS 13 (9365). First spotted by Windows Central, Dell's website has a page up that simply says "XPS 13 2-in-1" with an image. It's only been a few months since the company unveiled all-new models of the laptop. Along with a new color option, the main new feature was Intel's seventh-generation Kaby Lake processors. Still, the XPS 13 never had 2-in-1 functionality that allows the user to fold the display back and turn the laptop into a tablet, and that looks to be the main new feature in the upcoming model. Everything else would appear to be the same. Clearly, it will still use dual-core Kaby Lake chips, and it's the same Infinity Edge display. As reported, there's no reason that the storage configurations would be any different either. CES kicks off on January 5, and Dell's press conference is schedules for 10 am Pacific Time that day. Of course, we'll find out more then. Tags Microsoft Windows 10 Dell Xps 13 Ces 2017 Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Internet Explorer suffers 55% YoY decline in market share, Google Chrome increases slightly Next Story It's official: OnePlus rolls out its Android 7.0 Nougat update to the 3 and 3T Community Activity Refresh NetWorx 5.5.4 in Front Page News Trump will to recognize Crimea to Russia in Real World Issues Rainmeter 4.0.0.2746 in Front Page News Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials in Front Page News Internet Explorer suffers 55% YoY decline in market share, Google Chrome increases slightly in Front Page News Xbox One S available from $279 today, and two new 'Games with Gold' titles in Front Page News Details of Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 leaked ahead of CES launch in Front Page News Dog mauls husband and wife after they tried to dress 'Scarface' in a sweater in Real World News Related Stories Dell introduces its new XPS 13 2-in-1 and the 27 Ultrathin Monitor 9 hours ago Microsoft is offering up to 47% off Alienware and Dell PCs, notebooks and accessories Dec 15, 2016 Microsoft reveals 12 Days of Deals on Surface, Lumia, Xbox, VR, Windows 10 PCs and more Dec 2, 2016 · Hot! 7 Days: A week of Dell's x86 Windows phone, the Xbox One Holiday Update, and Spectacles Nov 13, 2016 · Hot! deals PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Wireless Charging Pad for Qi-Enabled Devices $68.00 $18.99 72% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Show Comments 0 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » Start-ups » Start-up Corner Rift with Mistry gets Tata global bad press Business Standard Using software to storing on the cloud Pi Datacenters wants to be the first destination of choice for enterprises in data & cloud services B Dasarath Reddy  |  Hyderabad  January 1, 2017 Last Updated at 23:05 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USXPi0 When working for Intel Corporation for over 15 years, Kalyan Muppaneni, founder and chief executive of Pi Datacenters, was always close to the hardware, digitisation and server market. That was how he developed a passion for back-end infrastructure, an area not many techies would think of for entrepreneurial pursuit, given the complexities involved. The cloud server market has gone to a new level in the past five years. Many enterprises in the US and elsewhere have not only moved to cloud as a first choice but started using commercial data centre services, owing to the complexity ... TO READ THE FULL STORY, SUBSCRIBE NOW AT JUST Rs 149 A MONTH Key stories on business-standard.com are available to premium subscribers only. Already a premium subscriber? LOGIN NOW LOGIN EMAIL / USER NAME PASSWORD REMEMBER ME Forgot password? LOGIN Not a member yet ? Resister Now Connect using any below LOGIN WITH FACEBOOK LOGIN WITH GOOGLE Don't lose the opportunity of saving $26.77 per month Don't lose the opportunity of saving $26.77 per month Total Amount Rs. 0.00 To proceed, kindly select a subscription package WHAT YOU GET On Business Standard Digital Access your subscription from anywhere. Be it your computer, tablet or smartphone using a browser or the App, Your Choice. Access to exclusive content, features, opinions and comment, hand-picked by our editors, just for you. Pick your 5 favourite companies. Get all the news upates at the end of each day through E-Mail. Pick the industry that you want to track. And get a daily news letter specific to that industry. Cut out the clutter. And stay on top of your investments. Track stock prices in your portfolio Access 18 years of archival data On Digital Seamless access to WSJ.com with your Business Standard digital account. Experience the best of the Journal's reporting, video and interactive features. Read about the people and events shaping business, finance, technology, politics, technology and culture. Stay informed with newsletters - an easy way to get WSJ content straight to your inbox - making life easier on your busiest days. More business executives read the Journal globally than any other publication. *Note : American Express® is proud to be associated with this initiative and will contribute Rs 100 x 6 months thereafter, standard rate of Rs 149 will be charged. Offer valid for Indian residents only Requires you to share personal information like PAN, Date of Birth, and Income. *Annual saving on WSJ subscription price of US$ 347.88 (12 months @ US$ 28.99 per month) * 1US$ = 67.50 INR. *Please note that this offer is not valid if you are/were a registered/existing user on WSJ Digital *Note : Please note that this offer is not valid if you are/were a registered/existing user on WSJ Digital. LOGIN Already registered ? Read More On Intel Corporation | Pi Datacenters | Amaravati | Amazon | Microsoft | Tata | Epsilon Venture Partners | Start-up Corner PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Rs 3 lakh health coverage at Rs 11 per day Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online The Power of the Hybrid Cloud Using software to storing on the cloud Pi Datacenters wants to be the first destination of choice for enterprises in data & cloud services Pi Datacenters wants to be the first destination of choice for enterprises in data & cloud services When working for Intel Corporation for over 15 years, Kalyan Muppaneni, founder and chief executive of Pi Datacenters, was always close to the hardware, digitisation and server market. That was how he developed a passion for back-end infrastructure, an area not many techies would think of for entrepreneurial pursuit, given the complexities involved. The cloud server market has gone to a new level in the past five years. Many enterprises in the US and elsewhere have not only moved to cloud as a first choice but started using commercial data centre services, owing to the complexity ... B Dasarath Reddy Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Using software to storing on the cloud Pi Datacenters wants to be the first destination of choice for enterprises in data & cloud services When working for Intel Corporation for over 15 years, Kalyan Muppaneni, founder and chief executive of Pi Datacenters, was always close to the hardware, digitisation and server market. That was how he developed a passion for back-end infrastructure, an area not many techies would think of for entrepreneurial pursuit, given the complexities involved. The cloud server market has gone to a new level in the past five years. Many enterprises in the US and elsewhere have not only moved to cloud as a first choice but started using commercial data centre services, owing to the complexity ... B Dasarath Reddy Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event The Best of 2016 What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 41 1962 127 728 990 27 180 318 107 74 739 425 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater CarVi, A Smarter Driving Assistant Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Trending Events Ushering in a New You Radio Controlled Tech Deals For Sellers Sell on Marketplace iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Computer Systems >  Laptops / Notebooks >  Laptops / Notebooks >  ASUS >  Item#: 1TS-001A-002P7 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … ASUS Laptop X555DA-AS11 AMD A10-Series A10-8700P (1.80 GHz) 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD AMD Radeon R6 Series 15.6" Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller AMD A10-Series A10-8700P (1.80 GHz) 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD AMD Radeon R6 Series 1920 x 1080 Windows 10 Home 64-Bit LOADING... ASUS Laptop X555DA-AS11 AMD A10-Series A10-8700P (1.80 GHz) 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD AMD Radeon R6 Series 15.6" Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A ASUS X555DA A Value-packed Everyday Notebook with User-centric Features With a harmonious blend of style and performance, the ASUS X Series redefines your expectations of an all-rounder notebook. The striking thin design with a luxurious, tactile finish adds a touch of sophistication and elegance to your everyday computing. Powered by a choice of Intel or AMD processors, the X Series provides awesome processing power to tackle your daily tasks with ease. With a bunch of user-centric features – like brilliant 15.6” display with ASUS Splendid Technology, high-quality ASUS SonicMaster-enhanced audio, smartphone-like response times and SuperSpeed USB 3.0 ports, it perfectly serves your needs for work and play. A Quality Notebook with a Premium Feel A value notebook doesn't have to mean settling for something basic. ASUS X Series notebooks give you all the computing essentials in a notebook with a tactile finish and a high quality, premium feel. It covers all the bases, making it the ideal choice for all your computing needs. It's All in the Details With various finishes and colors to choose from, the ASUS X Series notebooks let you express your personal style. But it's not just about looks; X Series has all the necessary features and ports you require for everyday computing. After all, it's the little details that count. Designed for Productivity and Entertainment ASUS X Series notebooks are powered by Intel or AMD processors for smooth, responsive performance. This processing performance, coupled with powerful graphics and an advanced onboard memory controller, makes the X Series ideal for daily computing tasks or for watching movies and videos. X Series tackles them all with ease, giving you all the multitasking performance you need for work or play within a compact chassis. Lifelike Colors with ASUS Splendid Technology Developed by the ASUS Golden Eye team, the exclusive ASUS Splendid technology gives you accurate colors and color temperature. It delivers brilliant, vibrant colors by fine-tuning various display settings and parameters. Various Modes for Different Scenario Choices ASUS Splendid technology gives you four different video settings to suit whatever is on screen, ensuring you get only the very best visuals. It enhances images to give you richer, deeper colors for stunning visuals whether you're watching videos and movies, or browsing through photos. A Notebook with Smartphone-like Accessibility With the ASUS X Series, you get a notebook with smartphone-like response times. It features a 2-second instant resume, so you can go from sleep mode to surfing the net or working on documents in a jiffy. X Series notebooks even give you various optimized power modes so you get the most life out of your battery. They can even remain in standby mode for an incredible two weeks! You needn't worry about losing data during that time too, since it automatically gets backed up when the battery level drops below 5% charge.* *Battery life and standby time may vary by specification and use. Extensive Connectivity Options ASUS X Series notebooks feature USB 3.0, HDMI and VGA ports, a 3-in-1 SD/SDHC/SDXC card reader, and other connectivity options to ensure compatibility with a wide range of peripherals and devices. USB3.0 for Ultra-fast Data Transfers USB 3.0 gives you ten times the speed of USB 2.0, allowing you to save photos, or transfer music and large video files in a fraction of the time. Transferring a 25GB Blu-ray quality movie now takes a mere 70 seconds. Full HD 1080p Output through HDMI On top of the standard VGA port, ASUS X Series notebooks also feature an HDMI port for Full HD 1080p output. Immersive, Crystal-clear Audio Most notebooks feature small onboard speakers that often result in a single-source audio that lacks distinctiveness. ASUS X Series notebooks deliver high-fidelity audio thanks to ASUS SonicMaster technology and ASUS AudioWizard. Be immersed in the X Series' omnidirectional audio delivery and hear music the way it's supposed to be heard. SonicMaster Technology for Hardware and Software Optimization A mixture of hardware, software, and tuning, SonicMaster was developed with the clear goal of giving you the best notebook PC audio. A professional codec ensures precise sound performance, an optimized amplifier gives you louder volumes, while larger speakers and resonance chambers deliver powerful audio output and deeper bass. Additional signal processing helps fine tune the hardware, filtering noise and improving audio clarity so you can enjoy unrivalled audio on your X Series. AudioWizard Five Pre-set Audio Modes AudioWizard is a tuning software with five pre-set audio modes to best suit your needs. Fine-tuned by the ASUS Golden Ear team, you'll get to enjoy true-to-life sounds in music, movies, and games. Its exclusive interface is extremely user-friendly, so it's all a matter of clicking your favorite settings to enjoy fully-optimized audio. Precise Input and Control at Your Fingertips ASUS X Series notebooks are designed to give you a more intuitive touchpad experience.An exclusive technology has been used in the production of smartphone touch screens to give you a highly sensitive touchpad with incredible accuracy. Smart Gesture- Multi-touch Made Easy ASUS X Series notebooks feature a multi-point touchpad with ASUS Smart Gesture technology to give you a more intuitive and natural fingertip-input experience. Smart Gesture technology supports a range of touch commands so you can pinch-zoom in and out, scroll or tap like pinch zoom in/out, scroll, and tap to access Windows 8 touchscreen functions Ergonomically Designed Keyboard The full size, one-piece chiclet keyboard features an improved back-assembled design with 1.6mm of key travel and minimal key float for a solid feel and a more comfortable typing experience. 10 Million Keystrokes Durable, Full-size Keyboard The keyboard has been ergonomically designed for increased key response and has been carefully tuned for optimal keyboard force, stroke, and travel distance. This means you stay comfortable even after typing for long periods. ASUS employs strict keyboard test standards, ensuring the keyboard on the X Series is durable enough to last 10 million keystrokes. Keeping Your Palm Rest Cool ASUS notebooks feature a unique internal design that addresses uncomfortable heat issues by preventing heat build-up under the palm rest. ASUS IceCool technology keeps the palm rest at a temperature range between 28?C to 35?C; this is significantly lower than body temperature, making typing a little bit more comfortable for you. Access Your Data and Files Anytime, Anywhere ASUS WebStorage ensures you get access to your data and files on any device that has an internet connection. With ASUS WebStorage, your files are automatically kept up-to-date and synced across various devices; you can share photos and videos with friends and family, and stream your music and movies to your device. Long Lifespan Li-Polymer Battery* ASUS X Series notebooks have a Li-Polymer battery that gives you up to 2.5 times the lifespan of Li-ion cylinder batteries. Even after hundreds of charge cycles, it still holds up to 80% of its original charge capacity**. *Only available on the X455/X555 **Battery life and standby time may vary by specification and use. Note: The image display or configuration may be different on each model, please refer to the specification. Learn more about the ASUS X555DA-AS11 Model| Brand ASUS Model X555DA-AS11 Quick Info| Color Black / Silver Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU AMD A10-8700P 1.8 GHz Screen 15.6" Memory 8 GB DDR3 Storage 256 GB SSD Graphics Card AMD Radeon R6 Series Video Memory Shared memory Dimensions (W x D x H) 15.00" x 10.10" x 1.00" Weight 6.60 lbs. CPU| CPU Type AMD A10-Series CPU Speed A10-8700P (1.80 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor CPU L2 Cache 2MB Display| Screen Size 15.6" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features Matte Operating System| Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics| GPU/VPU AMD Radeon R6 Series Video Memory Shared system memory Graphic Type Integrated Card Hard Drives| SSD 256 GB Memory| Memory 8 GB Memory Spec 4 GB x 1 + 4 GB onboard Communications| WLAN 802.11ac Wireless LAN Ports| USB 2 x USB 3.0 1 x USB 2.0 Video Port 1 x VGA HDMI 1 x HDMI General| Style Thin and Light Type Mainstream Usage Consumer Dimensions & Weight| Dimensions (W x D x H) 15.00" x 10.10" x 1.00" Weight 6.60 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 1 year Limited Warranty period (labor): 1 year Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.asus.com/| Support Phone: 1-888-678-3688 Support Website| View other products from ASUS Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller This product is available at a lower price from other sellers. Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset compare Best Service Sellers Luban Tech Sold and Shipped by: Luban Tech Ask Luban Tech about: ASUS Laptop X555DA-AS11 AMD A10-Series A10-8700P (1.80 GHz) 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD AMD Radeon R6 Series 15.6" Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (67) Ships from United States. A2Z E-Solution Sold and Shipped by: A2Z E-Solution Ask A2Z E-Solution about: ASUS Laptop X555DA-AS11 AMD A10-Series A10-8700P (1.80 GHz) 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD AMD Radeon R6 Series 15.6" Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (35) Ships from United States. Hugo Tech Mart Sold and Shipped by: Hugo Tech Mart Ask Hugo Tech Mart about: ASUS Laptop X555DA-AS11 AMD A10-Series A10-8700P (1.80 GHz) 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD AMD Radeon R6 Series 15.6" Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (7) Ships from United States. eGoodies Sold and Shipped by: eGoodies Ask eGoodies about: ASUS Laptop X555DA-AS11 AMD A10-Series A10-8700P (1.80 GHz) 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD AMD Radeon R6 Series 15.6" Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (7) Ships from United States. The Best Deals For You Sold and Shipped by: The Best Deals For You Ask The Best Deals For You about: ASUS Laptop X555DA-AS11 AMD A10-Series A10-8700P (1.80 GHz) 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD AMD Radeon R6 Series 15.6" Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (21) Ships from United States. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $468.99 plus shipping Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get: Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees Learn More | Sign-in Condition Guidelines The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Email Notifications Subscriptions Orders Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Sell on Newegg Marketplace Shipped by Newegg Become an Affiliate Become a Newegg Vendor Site Map Shop by Brand Product Review Video Center Rebates Trade-In Your Items Mobile Apps Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2017 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
Join IEEE | IEEE.org | IEEE Xplore Digital Library | IEEE Standards | IEEE Spectrum | More Sites Follow on: Advertisement Engineering Topics  Special Reports  Blogs  Multimedia  The Magazine  Professional Resources  Search  Feature Computing Hardware Expect Deeper and Cheaper Machine Learning Supercharged hardware will speed up deep learning in everything from tiny devices to massive data centers By David Schneider Posted 29 Dec 2016 | 17:05 GMT Advertisement Editor's Pick Google Translate Gets a Deep-Learning Upgrade Facebook AI Director Yann LeCun on His Quest to Unleash Deep Learning and Make Machines Smarter Now You Too Can Buy Cloud-Based Deep Learning Photo-illustration: Edmon de Haro Last March, Google’s computers roundly beat the world-class Go champion Lee Sedol, marking a milestone in artificial intelligence. The winning computer program, created by researchers at Google DeepMind in London, used an artificial neural network that took advantage of what’s known as deep learning, a strategy by which neural networks involving many layers of processing are configured in an automated fashion to solve the problem at hand. Unknown to the public at the time was that Google had an ace up its sleeve. You see, the computers Google used to defeat Sedol contained special-purpose hardware—a computer card Google calls its Tensor Processing Unit. Norm Jouppi, a hardware engineer at Google, announced the existence of the Tensor Processing Unit two months after the Go match, explaining in a blog post that Google had been outfitting its data centers with these new accelerator cards for more than a year. Google has not shared exactly what is on these boards, but it’s clear that it represents an increasingly popular strategy to speed up deep-learning calculations: using an application-specific integrated circuit, or ASIC. Deep-Learning Software Revenues (US $, Billions) Revenues from deep-learning software should soon exceed $1 billion. Source: Tractica Another tactic being pursued (primarily by Microsoft) is to use field-programmable gate arrays (FPGAs), which provide the benefit of being reconfigurable if the computing requirements change. The more common approach, though, has been to use graphics processing units, or GPUs, which can perform many mathematical operations in parallel. The foremost proponent of this approach is GPU maker Nvidia. Indeed, advances in GPUs kick-started artificial neural networks back in 2009, when researchers at Stanford showed that such hardware made it possible to train deep neural networks in reasonable amounts of time [PDF]. “Everybody is doing deep learning today,” says William Dally, who leads the Concurrent VLSI Architecture group at Stanford and is also chief scientist for Nvidia. And for that, he says, perhaps not surprisingly given his position, “GPUs are close to being as good as you can get.” Dally explains that there are three separate realms to consider. The first is what he calls “training in the data center.” He’s referring to the first step for any deep-learning system: adjusting perhaps many millions of connections between neurons so that the network can carry out its assigned task. In building hardware for that, a company called Nervana Systems, which was recently acquired by Intel, has been leading the charge. According to Scott Leishman, a computer scientist at Nervana, the Nervana Engine, an ASIC deep-learning accelerator, will go into production in early to mid-2017. Leishman notes that another computationally intensive task—bitcoin mining—went from being run on CPUs to GPUs to FPGAs and, finally, on ASICs because of the gains in power efficiency from such customization. “I see the same thing happening for deep learning,” he says. A second and quite distinct job for deep-learning hardware, explains Dally, is “inference at the data center.” The word inference here refers to the ongoing operation of cloud-based artificial neural networks that have previously been trained to carry out some job. Every day, Google’s neural networks are making an astronomical number of such inference calculations to categorize images, translate between languages, and recognize spoken words, for example. Although it’s hard to say for sure, Google’s Tensor Processing Unit is presumably tailored for performing such computations. Photo: Google Pedal to Metal: Google’s Tensor Processing Unit accelerates deep-learning calculations on the company’s servers. Training and inference often take very different skill sets. Typically for training, the computer must be able to calculate with relatively high precision, often using 32-bit floating-point operations. For inference, precision can be sacrificed in favor of greater speed or less power consumption. “This is an active area of research,” says Leishman. “How low can you go?” Although Dally declines to divulge Nvidia’s specific plans, he points out that the company’s GPUs have been evolving. Nvidia’s earlier Maxwell architecture could perform double- (64-bit) and single- (32-bit) precision operations, whereas its current Pascal architecture adds the capability to do 16-bit operations at twice the throughput and efficiency of its single-precision calculations. So it’s easy to imagine that Nvidia will eventually be releasing GPUs able to perform 8-bit operations, which could be ideal for inference calculations done in the cloud, where power efficiency is critical to keeping costs down. Dally adds that “the final leg of the tripod for deep learning is inference in embedded devices,” such as smartphones, cameras, and tablets. For those applications, the key will be low-power ASICs. Over the coming year, deep-learning software will increasingly find its way into applications for smartphones, where it is already used, for example, to detect malware or translate text in images. And the drone manufacturer DJI is already using something akin to a deep-learning ASIC in its Phantom 4 drone, which uses a special visual-processing chip made by California-based Movidius to recognize obstructions. (Movidius is yet another neural-network company recently acquired by Intel.) Qualcomm, meanwhile, built special circuitry into its Snapdragon 820 processors to help carry out deep-learning calculations. Although there is plenty of incentive these days to design hardware to accelerate the operation of deep neural networks, there’s also a huge risk: If the state of the art shifts far enough, chips designed to run yesterday’s neural nets will be outdated by the time they are manufactured. “The algorithms are changing at an enormous rate,” says Dally. “Everybody who is building these things is trying to cover their bets.” This article appears in the January 2017 print issue as “Deeper and Cheaper Machine Learning.” Advertisement Recommended For You 2017: The Year of Self-Driving Cars and Trucks Autonomous Air Taxis Will Take Off in 2017, but Won’t Go Far Intel Finds Moore’s Law’s Next Step at 10 Nanometers Fold-Up Smartphone Screens Could Finally Make Their Big Debut Commercial Spaceflight Hits a Milestone Verizon and AT&T Prepare to Bring 5G to Market Learn More ASIC AlphaGo Artificial Neural Networks Deep Learning FPGA GPU Movidius Nervana Systems Comments Comment Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="http://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a> Comments powered by Disqus Topics Aerospace At Work Biomedical Computing Energy Gadgets Geek Life Green Tech Robotics Semiconductors Telecom Transportation Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ RSS IEEE Spectrum Contact Us About Newsletters Reprints & Permissions IEEE Partners Advertising & Media Center IEEE Job Site Buyer’s Guide The Magazine Subscribe Now Digital Download © Copyright 2017 IEEE Spectrum Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies | Accessibility | Nondiscrimination Policy Join IEEE About IEEE Conferences & Events Education & Careers Membership & Services Publications and Standards Societies & Communities © Copyright 2016 IEEE — All rights reserved. Use of this Web site signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions. A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.
Salone Monitor.com Online Reviews By Salone Monitor Search Main menu Skip to primary content Home Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Post navigation ← Previous Next → Name Brand Computer Systems -vs- Clone Computers Posted on January 1, 2017 by admin It seems to be a popular topic online these days that when buying a computer as to whether you should go with name brand computer (i.e. Dell) or a clone system (i.e build it yourself). I have been building and repairing PC’s for a good 10 years now or so, and have built over 4000 systems worldwide from the basic home user to large law firms. Each of these types of people were faced with the same question as stated above. There are pros and cons to both and without putting you to sleep with techno-babble, I will try and be brief but succinct with my response. Name Brand – Pro’s – -Package deals – i.e. full system with all the bells and whistles for one set price. Done deal! Ready to go! -Warranty – You break it, burn it, shoot it, lose it to a flood whatever you can get coverage for a price (usually about $350 for a three-year is standard) -Support – You can call on a 24/7/365 support team that will help you after you accidentally deleted that all important windows file and just deep-sixed your operating system. Cons – -A lot of the name brand systems are proprietary — meaning that just about everything that can be integrated to the motherboard, is. This is great until you burn up a video card or lose your audio or whatever. Of course if you purchased a warranty then this will be covered unless it has expired. -A lot of times you end up with either more than you need or less than you wanted and either way it cost you $1000+ for that lesson. -If you want to add more things to your system (i.e. memory, hard drives, faster video card, etc.) you first need to call your support who will try and sell you “their” name brand product for considerably more (in some cases) that you could find if you look around the internet for a better deal. Then you have to figure out what will be compatible with your specific model and so on. CLONE SYSTEMS – Pro’s – -You can build a system from scratch or have a PC savvy friend do it and know EXACTLY what is in the box and hand choose each and every component personally. Total freedom over the decisions in building your eventual system. -You can actually add things that are replaceable like a video card. Maybe you want a 128MB now but in six months you want to upgrade to a 256MB for greater speed, with a clone system all you have to know is what type card (AGP, PCI-E) and just go get another card, pop it in and voila, done! -You can find really good deals on parts at various online shops, but it will take a little research on your part to find the best deal. I tend to stay away from eBay on PC stuff because there is too much junk being sold as legit items. -You NEVER pay for more than you want You put in exactly what you need, no more no less, and when you want to change something, you just go get it. Cons – No warranty except manufacturer’s warranty on parts and whatever warranty comes from where ever you bought the part. NOTE: If you buy a retail box processor (CPU)(AMD or Intel) they usually come with a 3 year warranty. Hard drives are starting to have 3-5 year warranties (Maxtor and Western Digital) and Memory has always been lifetime warranty (as long as I can remember). If you don’t have a pretty good knowledge of what you want you could end up with a $1000 worth of metal and junk. You don’t get the regular tech support, but if you have friends who are in the business, then that usually isn’t an issue. ————— Now, I have used and built clone systems for years and I would never use a name brand desktop PC (my personal opinion only) because my computer systems usually outperform the name brand systems. I also know that if my PC goes south on me I have the resources and so on to fix it and be back up and running should I have a major error. Now, with that having been said, there are plenty of people who own both types of PC’s and are very happy with what they have. I am not slamming anyone’s decision, I am just giving my two-cents about what I see in the industry. Dell makes great computers. So does Compaq and the others. It comes down to what do YOU need it to do? How much are you willing to spend for it? How much knowledge of PC’s (repair and maintenance) do you have and are capable of dealing with in times of need? Finally, in the case of laptops, I WOULD choose Compaq or Dell. Reason being, I don’t know any place offering parts to build your own and Compaq, for instance has awesome deals for laptops and at prices that are very reasonable for the mobility factor involving PC’s in the wireless age. Source by Scott Bulkley This entry was posted in Uncategorized by admin. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Proudly powered by WordPress
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH World Americas  • U.S. •  Europe U.K. Asia-Pacific India Australia Africa Middle East One News Page > US > Asus Chromebook Flip 2 shows up on Best Buy Asus Chromebook Flip 2 shows up on Best Buy Friday, 30 December 2016 (4 days ago) On Thursday, a refreshed version of Asus' touch-friendly Chromebook Flip - the Asus Chromebook Flip 2 - showed up on the Best Buy website, hinting at an apparently forthcoming launch of the device. The Asus Chromebook Flip 2 will be the one of the first Chromebooks to boast support for Android apps via the Google Play Store. The new Chromebook Flip version appeared on Best Buy a few days after the same device - bearing model number C302CA - first showed up on Newegg. com. However, that listing was quickly taken down. Going by the indications from the product listing on Best Buy, the new Asus Chromebook Flip 2 will seemingly be a convertible laptop. The device, as per a 9to5Google report, will likely be shipped by Asus on January 5, 2017. According to the real product description stored in Google's cache, the key features of Asus Chromebook Flip 2 include a 12.5-inch full HD touchscreen; Intel Pentium 4405Y chip; Intel HD Graphics 515 integrated GPU; 4GB RAM; 32GB eMMC solid state drive (SSD); microSD card slot; high-definition webcam and microphone; backlit keyboard; Bluetooth 4.0; and two USB-C ports. Business:  Technology Companies:  Asus » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Recent related news New Asus Chromebook with USB-C leaksAsus seems to have a new Chromebook on the way. According to Chrome OS news site Chrome Unboxed, a listing for a previously announced model, the ASUS C302CA,... The Verge 1 week ago - Technology You Might Like Other recent news in US 'This Is Sabotage': MARIAH CAREY & Dick Clark Productions Point Fingers Over Times Square NYE Lip Sync Disaster DICK CLARK PRODUCTIONS claps back after Mariah Carey rep says it 'set her up to fail' A look at some of the 39 people KILLED in Istanbul attack TURKEY Says Airstrikes Killed 22 Islamic State Militants in Syria Photos, Video: Inside The Beautiful New SECOND AVENUE SUBWAY Congress Ushers in New Era of All-REPUBLICAN Rule Eye Opener: ISIS CLAIMS responsibility for Turkey attack WATCH: Donald Trump boasts that TURKEY ATTACK proves him right on border wall Obama to deliver farewell address Jan. 10 in CHICAGO Islamic State takes credit for New Year's attack at ISTANBUL nightclub Twitter Facebook Page People Barack Obama Mariah Carey Donald Trump Carrie Fisher Rahm Emanuel Current Topics Billie Lourd Dylann Roof Debbie Reynolds Long Island Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories New Year's Honours List: Olympic Stars Celebrated George Michael's Cause Of Death Is Inconclusive - So Far One News Page's Top 10 Movies Of 2016 Five Actors Who Helped Make 2016 Cinema Spectacular Remembering Carrie Fisher Remembering George Michael Six Celebrities Who Passed Away In 2016 - But You May Not Have Realized Coming Soon - A Brief Look At 2017's Biggest Movies Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Swiss watch sector set for smartwatch boom - LVMH executive Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Sun Jan 1, 2017 | 7:17am EST Swiss watch sector set for smartwatch boom - LVMH executive ZURICH Jan 1 Switzerland's luxury watch sector can profit from a smartwatch boom as more consumers seek high-end versions of the technology, an industry veteran was quoted as saying. Swiss watchmakers, who once dismissed smartwatches as a fashion accessory, are racing to grab a share of a fast-growing market via technology partnerships and stepping up investments. "If it is true that Apple has sold around 20 million Apple Watches and has a market share of around 50 percent, then the potential is enormous," said Jean-Claude Biver, head of LVMH watch brands including TAG Heuer, Hublot and Zenith. "A luxury market arises as soon as people want to differentiate themselves from the masses. That is the case here as well. With our know-how, Swiss quality and prestige we have the best preconditions to master this segment too," he told Swiss paper SonntagsBlick. TAG Heuer, for instance, partnered with U.S. technology firms Google and Intel for its TAG Heuer Connected watch, whose first units offered at just under 1,400 Swiss francs ($1,375) apiece sold out quickly last year. The Swiss watch industry, which includes Swatch and Richemont, may overall be selling fewer timepieces as exports decline 15 months in a row but it is not facing an existential crisis as in the 1970s, Biver said. He said the industry was instead consolidating as top brands boost market share. ($1 = 1.0178 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Michael Shields; Editing by Ruth Pitchford) Next In Market News CORRECTED-FOREX-Dollar resumes its ascent, Asia keeps wary eye on yuan * Dollar holds around 117.30 yen, trade thinned by Japan holiday UPDATE 3-Peru demands cash from Odebrecht ahead of plea deal talks LIMA, Jan 2 Peru has demanded a "significant sum" of cash from Brazilian builder Odebrecht before starting talks toward a plea deal that would reveal the names of officials it bribed over a period spanning three presidencies, the attorney general's office said Monday. PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - Jan 3 Jan 3 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Gardens glow in California light exhibit Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Swiss watch sector set for smartwatch boom - LVMH executive Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Sun Jan 1, 2017 | 7:17am EST Swiss watch sector set for smartwatch boom - LVMH executive ZURICH Jan 1 Switzerland's luxury watch sector can profit from a smartwatch boom as more consumers seek high-end versions of the technology, an industry veteran was quoted as saying. Swiss watchmakers, who once dismissed smartwatches as a fashion accessory, are racing to grab a share of a fast-growing market via technology partnerships and stepping up investments. "If it is true that Apple has sold around 20 million Apple Watches and has a market share of around 50 percent, then the potential is enormous," said Jean-Claude Biver, head of LVMH watch brands including TAG Heuer, Hublot and Zenith. "A luxury market arises as soon as people want to differentiate themselves from the masses. That is the case here as well. With our know-how, Swiss quality and prestige we have the best preconditions to master this segment too," he told Swiss paper SonntagsBlick. TAG Heuer, for instance, partnered with U.S. technology firms Google and Intel for its TAG Heuer Connected watch, whose first units offered at just under 1,400 Swiss francs ($1,375) apiece sold out quickly last year. The Swiss watch industry, which includes Swatch and Richemont, may overall be selling fewer timepieces as exports decline 15 months in a row but it is not facing an existential crisis as in the 1970s, Biver said. He said the industry was instead consolidating as top brands boost market share. ($1 = 1.0178 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Michael Shields; Editing by Ruth Pitchford) Next In Market News CORRECTED-FOREX-Dollar resumes its ascent, Asia keeps wary eye on yuan * Dollar holds around 117.30 yen, trade thinned by Japan holiday UPDATE 3-Peru demands cash from Odebrecht ahead of plea deal talks LIMA, Jan 2 Peru has demanded a "significant sum" of cash from Brazilian builder Odebrecht before starting talks toward a plea deal that would reveal the names of officials it bribed over a period spanning three presidencies, the attorney general's office said Monday. PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - Jan 3 Jan 3 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Gardens glow in California light exhibit Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Swiss watch sector set for smartwatch boom - LVMH executive Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Sun Jan 1, 2017 | 5:48pm IST Swiss watch sector set for smartwatch boom - LVMH executive ZURICH Switzerland's luxury watch sector can profit from a smartwatch boom as more consumers seek high-end versions of the technology, an industry veteran was quoted as saying. Swiss watchmakers, who once dismissed smartwatches as a fashion accessory, are racing to grab a share of a fast-growing market via technology partnerships and stepping up investments. "If it is true that Apple has sold around 20 million Apple Watches and has a market share of around 50 percent, then the potential is enormous," said Jean-Claude Biver, head of LVMH watch brands including TAG Heuer, Hublot and Zenith. "A luxury market arises as soon as people want to differentiate themselves from the masses. That is the case here as well. With our know-how, Swiss quality and prestige we have the best preconditions to master this segment too," he told Swiss paper SonntagsBlick. TAG Heuer, for instance, partnered with U.S. technology firms Google and Intel for its TAG Heuer Connected watch, whose first units offered at just under 1,400 Swiss francs ($1,375) apiece sold out quickly last year. The Swiss watch industry, which includes Swatch and Richemont, may overall be selling fewer timepieces as exports decline 15 months in a row but it is not facing an existential crisis as in the 1970s, Biver said. He said the industry was instead consolidating as top brands boost market share. ($1 = 1.0178 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Michael Shields; Editing by Ruth Pitchford) Next In Technology News Samsung Elec CEO says firm should make no product quality compromise SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd should make no compromises on the quality of its products, Chief Executive Kwon Oh-hyun said on Monday, asking employees to improve manufacturing processes and safety inspections. Bitcoin jumps above $1,000 for first time in three years LONDON Digital currency bitcoin kicked off the new year by jumping above $1,000 for the first time in three years late on Sunday, having outperformed all central-bank-issued currencies with a 125 percent climb in 2016. SpaceX aims for Jan. 8 return to flight with Falcon rocket CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. Elon Musk’s SpaceX plans to resume flying rockets next week following an investigation into why one of them burst into flames on a launch pad four months ago, the company said on Monday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Economy Banks aim to boost credit growth with sharp rate cuts Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Swiss watch sector set for smartwatch boom - LVMH executive By Reuters Published: 07:21 EST, 1 January 2017 | Updated: 07:21 EST, 1 January 2017 e-mail ZURICH, Jan 1 (Reuters) - Switzerland's luxury watch sector can profit from a smartwatch boom as more consumers seek high-end versions of the technology, an industry veteran was quoted as saying. Swiss watchmakers, who once dismissed smartwatches as a fashion accessory, are racing to grab a share of a fast-growing market via technology partnerships and stepping up investments. "If it is true that Apple has sold around 20 million Apple Watches and has a market share of around 50 percent, then the potential is enormous," said Jean-Claude Biver, head of LVMH watch brands including TAG Heuer, Hublot and Zenith. "A luxury market arises as soon as people want to differentiate themselves from the masses. That is the case here as well. With our know-how, Swiss quality and prestige we have the best preconditions to master this segment too," he told Swiss paper SonntagsBlick. TAG Heuer, for instance, partnered with U.S. technology firms Google and Intel for its TAG Heuer Connected watch, whose first units offered at just under 1,400 Swiss francs ($1,375) apiece sold out quickly last year. The Swiss watch industry, which includes Swatch and Richemont, may overall be selling fewer timepieces as exports decline 15 months in a row but it is not facing an existential crisis as in the 1970s, Biver said. He said the industry was instead consolidating as top brands boost market share. ($1 = 1.0178 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Michael Shields; Editing by Ruth Pitchford) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Jack Branning is left devastated on EastEnders after discovering wife Ronnie has drowned... as fans are left in tears by the Mitchell sisters' death  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream during Colorado ski trip... without Brad Susanna Reid, 46, is flooded with compliments as she bravely posts barefaced 'blemishes, lines and flaws' selfie next to filtered make-up snap Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins signs up for The Jump... days after retiring from professional cycling Hope he's insured Daisy Lowe looks scorching in a pale pink cutaway bikini as she flaunts her Strictly weight loss on Miami beach Looks stunning Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers She seemed in particularly high spirits 'I lost half a stone in two weeks eating M&S ready meals!' We challenged two women to try what might be the easiest diet EVER! SPONSORED Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Absolutely stunning 'Losing a child never leaves you': Kym Marsh admits Corrie stillbirth was 'heartbreaking' eight years after losing own baby - as she poses with daughter Polly, five 'He's not bothered': Michelle Keegan insists husband Mark Wright is unfazed by steamy sex scenes... after admitting they 'talk through' her roles Can Mel and Sue keep Ant and Dec from 16th TV Presenter of the Year gong? Departing Bake Off favourites leave on a high as they lead National Television Awards nominations PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of Brad Pitt split  Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts while hitting beach in Miami with family Looking ssssexy! TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in snakeskin swimsuit as she continues to wow during Dubai break 'The hard grafting has paid off'! MIC's Louise Thompson poses in a nude bikini... before being launched into the air by her burly beau Ryan in the Maldives PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the beach in Miami Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square meltdown  Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red carpet argument' at her Lion premiere in Sydney just days before dancing up a storm on stage on NYE Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top on sunshine break in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT Robin Thicke snap EastEnders star Samantha Womack sparks Twitter frenzy as she tweets about enjoying a swim... just hours after her character drowned  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shirtless former Strictly pro Gleb Savchenko displays his rippling abs as he packs on the PDA with wife Elena on Miami beach 'I'm gonna smash it!' Lauren Goodger slips into lingerie for pre-weight loss selfie before filming derriere during workout... as she vows to regain her 'big butt' in 2017 Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015 'Need a decorator's number?' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson is inundated with interior advice from fans after they're left shocked by her Instagram snap Wat-son your screen, Dr? Sherlock viewers left scratching their heads by epic blunder... as series return draws in best audience of New Year's Day Full of 1940s intrigue and sex, Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an evil streak! As ITV unveils its wartime blockbuster, our critic CHRISTOPHER STEVENS is gripped Downton Abbey in a hotel - with jazz, Nazis, and a less handsome Night Manager who stuck to his day job... The Halcyon was not a place you'd want to stay, by JIM SHELLEY X Factor runner-up Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at  inauguration of Donald Trump... if she can perform track protesting against racism The pathologist's corpses were more lifelike than this twaddle: Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV  Always looks like she's on her way to an awards Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Super buff Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a picture-perfect couple Lizzie Cundy, 46, negotiates risqué red swimsuit while throwing herself enthusiastically into beachside ball games during Maldives getaway Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA Appeared quite far along as she stepped out Strictly's Janette Manrara flaunts taut physique in skimpy pink bikini as she joins co-star fiancé Alja korjanec and his ex-dance partner Daisy Lowe on Miami beach Burr-illiant! Vlogger Tanya debuts new bob and shows off enviable curves in animal print swimsuit during idyllic holiday in the Maldives Lucky woman 'It was definitely the most traumatic year of my life': Charlotte Crosby reveals she is glad 2016 is over... after ectopic pregnancy and split from Gaz Beadle Calum Best touches down in London ahead of rumoured Celebrity Big Brother stint... where he is set to reunite with former flame Bianca Gascoigne The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret ceremony in Australia Newly-engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand Proposed last week All tied up! TOWIE;s Kate Wright sizzles in plunging bondage inspired khaki bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai  On a girls' break  Avert your eyes! Braless Lisa Appleton, 48, leaves NOTHING to the imagination in raunchy lace dress during wild night out in Manchester Nicola McLean, Spencer Pratt and Stevi Ritchie arrive at their hotel as they prepare to make their Celebrity Big Brother return for all star series Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Every inch the Brazilian bombshell  Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her brother Will on family holiday together In an idyllic Instagram photo Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cosies up to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after secretly tying the knot Newly-single Katie Waissel hits Miami beach with another male pal in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as she does impressive plié while carrying baby Luna Impressive skills Pregnant Rochelle Humes flaunts her blossoming baby bump in chic black swimsuit in the Maldives before sharing a bath with daughter Alaia-Mai 'Time to start a new year being happy, healthy and ambitious': Katie Price praises husband Keiran Hayler and kids as she vows to give up alcohol Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with boyfriend Dylan Beck The 18-year-old couldn't control her laughter while in a black jumpsuit MIC's Frankie Gaff shares racy belfie as she and Jamie Laing pack on the PDA during break in Dubai... leaving their relationship woes firmly behind them 'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a dip in the Seychelles Susan Sarandon's daughter Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him Now battling depression New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes manicure her priority at start of 2017 She dressed in ripped jeans Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds The 24-year-old actress posted a picture Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican holiday Positively heaven sent  Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell suffer ANOTHER grisly fate in alternate ending for EastEnders New Year episode... after fans praise the duo's exit  Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts Festive family trip  Fifi Box's ex Grant Kenny 'devastated' after the actress 'spends the night' with her Neighbours co-star and new love Damien Richardson  Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and Harley Bianca Gascoigne shows off her ample assets in orange sequin bikini as she hits the water in sunny Mexico ahead of her Celebrity Big Brother debut Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters Rebecca Romijn had no problems showing it off 'He said I was a lousy lay': A victim of Tony Curtis's vile gossip, in her own words, how screen legend DEBBIE REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood   Happy New Rear! Danielle Lloyd showcases her toned curves in a red-hot swimsuit as she soaks up some winter sun in Dubai Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her legs in red playsuit as fellow EOTB newbie Zara Jackson gets racy in lace on a night out in Manchester She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  Her trademark bright red lipstick was in evidence as she was named brand ambassador Gemma Oaten displays her taut abs in steamy New Year's underwear selfie as she puts dramatic romance with presenter Nick Knowles behind her Two weeks to go! Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after their last family vacation aboard Air Force One Saw his grandad's grave Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig At MGM Grand casino Celebrity Big Brother tipped to be the 'sexiest yet' as show bosses make smaller beds to 'encourage intimacy' between housemates Starts this week Down she goes! Josie Gibson winces in pain as she takes a tumble on her skis during practice session for new series of injury-stricken show The Jump Pregnant Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in 2017 with her growing family Expecting her second child  Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Both in Studio City  'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he wasn't British Unlikely pals Tallia Storm, 18, and Chris Evans, 50, enjoy beach day as they see in the New Year with their families in Barbados Firm friendship Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed on faulty earpiece  'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel' bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in newly resurfaced essay Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf's up New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key Superbad reunion ten years on  Enjoyed a stroll in SoHo district of Manhattan Bernie Ecclestone, 86, and wife Fabiana Flosi, 38, explore Gstaad as they ring in the New Year with the family in Switzerland Winter wonderland  Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million dollar court case Just another day in paradise! MIC's Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey show off toned beach bodies as they enjoy a snorkel trip in the Maldives 'I'm heartbroken': Fans devastated by Sherlock episode as Amanda Abbington takes a bullet after her real-life split from on-screen husband Martin Freeman Conor McGregor looks sharp in suit at sister Aoife's wedding in Ireland... as the UFC superstar continues to enjoy his break from the octagon Nude ambition! Kady McDermott goes underwear-free in slinky salmon dress as she attends Love Island party with leggy Rachel Fenton Billie Piper goes incognito in oversized denim jacket during casual stroll in London... as ex-husband Laurence Fox talks first Christmas alone Newly-single Katie Waissel cosies up to a mystery man in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Marriage lasted a year 'Jumping into 2017 like': Karlie Kloss bares flat midriff in bikini as she leaps into the Caribbean In the celebrity haven on St Barths Feeling fruity! Lucy Watson shows off her Barbados tan in a mismatched bikini as she kicks back on inflatable pineapple with shirtless beau James Lauren Goodger parties with jailbird boyfriend's sister for New Year's Eve as she vows to quit booze for a month Getting close to 'in-laws' In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with sons during New Year's family getaway The actress, 48, donned a turquoise swimsuit 'Guess you f****d my missus!' Jeremy McConnell accused of sleeping with a fan's girlfriend... as pregnant ex Stephanie Davis prepares for due date That's what girlfriends are for! Katie Salmon helps new squeeze Dani avoid an embarrassing nip slip as they put on a loved-up display in Manchester Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent A walk on the wild side  Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf The tot held his famous mother's hand CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: Sherlock's now so clever-clever, it's stupid  The Mail's critic pans the New Year's Day special and awards it one star 'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking The 44-year-old actor is picky about his projects Glowing Holly Willoughby looks sun-kissed as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with shirtless husband Dan Baldwin in Barbados She sings! Gisele Bundchen performs sweet track while strumming the guitar by pool in new video Clearly a woman of many talents  Ex On The Beach's Jemma Lucy flashes her pert derriere in skimpy purple T-shirt... after going totally NAKED in saucy sunbed selfie Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him hospitalised George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying star had tried to kill himself many times  Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New Year snap Completely nude except for an animated frond pasted over her derrière Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene flaunts her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new fiancé Paul Khoury Lisa Snowdon, 44, showcases her ample assets as she slips into a plunging blue bikini in saucy throwback snap from Down Under Bikini babe  'Get your happy a**es home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara Falls Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss Shameless star 'upset' 'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian beach Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she met Prince Harry  'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from Hawaii 'Men think they are there for pleasure': Alicia Douvall says her bum implants have ruined her sex life... and is undecided about ditching leaking lifts Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's Eve party  Lizzie Cundy, 46, shows off her tanned and toned figure in sizzling cut-out monokini as she hits the beach during idyllic Maldives getaway Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Preview of her new show Ashley James flaunts her enviably toned abs in series of sizzling skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sun during exotic break in Gambia Iconic duo Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell meet 'sad but beautiful' end on EastEnders as they drown in New Year's Day special Fans praised acting Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts This is the life 'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances around her kitchen Became a mum for the third time in December Steps girls Claire Richards, Faye Tozer and Lisa Scott Lee amp up the glamour in glittering ensembles as the band reunite for NYE gig at London's G-A-Y 'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods 'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat  Would you dare to wear a FIDDLER CAP? Bella Hadid signals that the formerly naff accessory is making an unlikely comeback for 2017  'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model body Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end top three Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from boat as holiday break in Maldives continues He's got skills! 'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot 'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting in 2015 'Nose problems': Marco Pierre White Jr shares second horrifying nosebleed in days on Snapchat... after hinting they were caused by drug use If you've got it... Chloe Ferry flashes her derriere as she joins the scantily-clad Geordie Shore girls for raucous NYE pool party at Charlotte Crosby's lavish mansion Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the Bahamas Spent a bit of New Year's Day twerking on a stationary truck  'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with husband Eric Johnson New Year, same handsome beau Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked good, always '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing bump as she supports her man at NFL game Nw baby on the way in 2017 Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she poses TOPLESS on a disco ball to celebrate 2017 in sexy Playboy shoot 'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss on son Remington for New Year's greeting Gave birth on April 12, 2016 'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Could never be accused of being shy  Check out My Lean physique! Busty Myleene Klass flaunts her famed bikini body in TINY two-piece during festive family Sri Lanka trip She looked incredible Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Enjoyed a productive New Year's Day Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's Eve in Hollywood Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas The 47-year-old showed her support Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood  'This isn't a baby, it's just food': Newly-slim Scarlett Moffatt says friends asked if she was PREGNANT at her heaviest... as she admits she couldn't bare to look at herself naked Jeremy McConnell kisses mystery blonde in steamy NYE clinch... days before anniversary of CBB romance with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six months of sobriety Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has taken his first steps Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off natural beauty as well as her famously enhanced assets in racy swimsuit selfie at luxurious London spa Kordell Stewart sends ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter after nude video of him is leaked on internet The former NFL star has threatened legal action 'It was like when we first got together': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with now ex Martin Freeman James Corden's wife Julia Carey showcases her incredible physique in chic scalloped swimsuit as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive family jaunt Men only! Geordie Shore's Ricci has BANNED GIRLS from his Instagam account to avoid 'celeb hungry' dates Good luck stalking him! Well, one has to start somewhere! Crown star Claire Foy is seen starring in BBC soap Doctors in her first TV role Got a bit part in 2008 A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway A sweet display 'Sun always shines on the righteous': Ring-free Katie Waissel takes thinly-veiled swipe at 'second ex-husband Brian after split' as she turns to CBB co-star Renee Graziano in Miami 'I want my body back!' Vicky Pattison shares titillating swimsuit selfie as she vows to kick 10lbs and cut back on alcohol in the new year Looked smoking hot MTV bad girl Jemma Lucy continues to stun as she goes totally NAKED in sunbed selfie... after simulating sex act in shock Snapchat clip Ex On The Beach star Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break Still absolutely stunning  'If I'm feeling unsafe, I won't go out': Corrie's Kevin Kennedy reveals the resonating restraints of his alcoholism after 18 years sober 'Do you know what, just pee on the floor':  Rita Ora claims she 'lost thousands on investment into festival urinating device'... as probe into £2.3million fraud swindle rages on Back to cause Big Bother? Divisive Spencer Pratt appears to confirm rumoured CBB return with wife Heidi as he documents boozy arrival in UK 'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars ring in 2017 'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic passing Looked worse for wear 'You'd have to be thick to think you'd pose with your dead nan': Geordie Shore fans leap to the defence of grieving Chloe Ferry after she deletes picture with her ailing grandmother  Spice up your NYE! Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing their hit tune 2 Become 1 during Maldives celebrations...after snubbing recent band reunion Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly shows off endless legs beneath slashed jumpsuit as they join his Love Island star twin Scott to ring in 2017 'Mariah's meltdown: Diva botches NYE lip-sync performance and STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into mic: 'I wanted a holiday too. Can't I just have one?'  Millie Mackintosh and Hugo Taylor pack on the PDA during blissful break in South Africa...as the bikini-clad beauty displays some painful looking sunburn on her pert posterior Oh no, normal people! Robbie Williams is caught on camera applying hand sanitiser after singing Auld Lang Syne - and looking suitably disgusted  She's got that Super Bass! Katie Price channels rapper Nicki Minaj for NYE bash in buxom bodysuit and hot pink bikini...as she toasts to last night drinking for a year PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Holly Willoughby flashes her fabulous figure in powder blue kaftan during family beach day with husband Daniel Baldwin in Barbados Oozing star quality! Alexa Chung is the belle of the ball in intricate head piece as she toasts the New Year at NYC masquerade ball Fancy dress This is the life! Lauryn Goodman shows off her curves in racy striped bikini as she soaks up the sunshine in Mykonos Lazy sunbathing session Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve run while on holiday in St. Barts  He surely deserved a vacation Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show in Buenos Aires Seas the day! Lizzie Cundy, 46, flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in plunging bikini as she celebrates the New Year in the Maldives Abbey Clancy displays her peachy posterior and lean limbs in a racy high-waist swimsuit as she poses for sun-soaked photoshoot Hitting the beach 'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Was the display for the benefit of Scottie? Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him' Make-up free Nicole Scherzinger displays her sensational beach body in a sun-soaked Hawaiian selfie Shared a stunning bikini-clad selfie from a beach  Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to the sky in Barbados Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying sunshine holiday She marked the first day of 2017 with a topless selfie in The Seychelles  Transgender model Hari Nef sizzles in slinky purple gown as she sings sultry cover of Blue Velvet for Love's video advent Single and ready to mingle! Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson mends broken heart with girls' NYE night out with bodysuit clad pal Chloe Ferry Daring look  Fans outraged as fake Cheryl Twitter account 'confirms' pregnancy...after the singer shares heartfelt New Year's Instagram selfie 'She made disgusting and explicit propositions to my boyfriend': Woman slams Katie Price as she claims her infamous Christmas party flirtations almost caused relationship split  'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time... as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Put paid to speculation  The Angels have arrived! Victoria's Secret models Jasmine Tookes, Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro sizzle in tiny bikinis while on holiday in Brazil Frankie Essex shows off her toned and tanned figure in racy halter-neck swimsuit and tiny denim shorts as she celebrates two stone weight loss with New Years break Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini display as they meet up on Miami Beach Nice view 'The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together with family ski trip after strained 2016 Kelly Brook flaunts her ample cleavage and toned stomach in a pink printed bikini for sizzling shoot Phenomenal figure 'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at New Year's Eve bash Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach He did it in styke '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Beach babes Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad The 32-second clip features the film's stars in unseen footage. Chloe Khan puts on a VERY busty display as she slips into a sexy bunny costume for eye-popping selfie  Saucy Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her blossoming baby bump in a little black dress as she celebrates NYE in the Maldives  Seven months pregnant  Cheeky in Chelsea! Louise Thompson posts racy topless snap before flaunting her enviable abs in a sizzling red bikini from the sun-soaked Maldives Chloe Green suns herself in Miami as her dad Sir Shifty is hoping for time away from BHS pension scandal  Hasn't missed out on topping up her tan Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a hangover A plum start to 2017! Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed in a gold gown and deep purple cape as she joins Prince Frederik for annual banquet She's still got it! Jessica Hart admits she's 'blessed' and 'lucky' to still be modelling swimwear at 30 as she returns to Seafolly after five years Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Spending the New Year in The Seychelles SPOILER ALERT: Is Zak Dingle next to be killed in Emmerdale? Lisa Dingle discovers Cain's caravan on fire... with her ex-husband possibly inside 'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Sticking it out 'No better way to end 2016': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom poses with his kids in first Instagram post since leaving rehab Erica Packer looks glam despite shoulder injury as she enjoys family holiday in St Barts... while her 'ex' Seal hits the ski slopes with Heidi Klum Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths break Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Besties since co-starring in the 2005 movie 'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea Handler Jesy Nelson shows off her ripped abs and ample cleavage as she rings in the New Year with a gal pal... as Jade Thirlwell celebrates with boyfriend Jed Elliott Head over heels! Izabel Goulart does cartwheels on the sand in St Barts Flawless figure and athletic prowess The X Factor's Honey G forgoes her signature hat and glasses as she gives rare glimpse at her face during NYE performance...after her debut single limps into the midweek chart at 149 Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement ring back on Jacqui Ryland flashes her underwear in a VERY daring sheer lace mini dress as she parties hard with pal on New Years Eve 'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner and sons for a festive New Year's message to her fans Out wth footballer Gerard Piqué Dish of the day! Neighbours star Olympia Valance looks to be NAKED while posing with a restaurant menu covering her body as she flashes the flesh on holiday in Bali I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram picture on New Year's Day  First child Charlotte Dawson continues to flash giant diamond ring as she rings in 2017 with a passionate from boyfriend Matt Sarsfield... after sparking engagement rumours Adele and partner Simon Konecki are said to be 'planning a UK wedding after secretly becoming engaged in October' Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Pucker up Take That Gary! Simon Cowell calls in the lawyers over rival Barlow's new BBC 'X Factor imitation' talent show Let It Shine  That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and her mum Tish Blac Chyna shows off post-baby curves in a plunging dress as she heads out to celebrate New Year's Eve Got a lot on her plate Beach babe! Heather Graham, 46, flashes her long legs and toned midriff on trip to Miami with her boyfriend Endless legs 'All is as it should be!' Katy Perry dons surgical mask to see in the New Year with lover Orlando Bloom on Tokyo sidewalk Worried about germs? The No 1 lady detective's New Year resolutions: A truly delightful misadventure starring Precious, Botswana's top sleuth  Jasmine Lennard axed from CBB All Stars series 'for making anti-Muslim comments'... after being replaced by Jasmin Waltz before the show's debut Celebrate good times, c'mon! Amy Adams stocks up on alcohol ahead of New Year's Eve celebration  Party preparations She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating New Year with new love Sam Asghari The couple seem inseparable 'ISIS claims responsibility for Mariah Carey's performance': Social media mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown on Times Square stage Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant' girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Settle down, ladies! Now Sheila Hancock, 83, shuns make-up: Actress reveals she didn't wear any during her latest film  She defied producers to be more 'real' on screen '2016 is almost over!' John Legend shares cute snap with Chrissy Teigen on his back as the couple spend New Year's Eve in St. Barts Photogenic couple Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a New Year's Eve kiss How can that be? 'Hey': Teen Kylie Jenner shows off her curves in green bra and panties as she takes last mirror selfie of 2016 The KUWTK star posed in her bathroom mirror Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer Lopez at the last minute 'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka Trump pays tribute to 2016 as she celebrates New Year's Eve and Hanukkah with her husband and children  'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black eye from two-year-old son Sid He enjoyed his first day of 2017 with a shiner 'I've got so much sh*t on this girl!': Maria Fowler hits back at Danielle Lloyd in candid Snapchat video after the model retweeted a controversial message  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Olympian Sir Matthew Pinsent's wife is drafted in to boost Kate, William and Harry's charity Paid to instil a work ethic A rumble in the jungle, baby joy and THAT Beau Ryan 'affair': A look at how far Barry Hall and Lauren Brant have come as they prepare for 2017 'Girl power!' Naomi Watts rings in the new year as a single woman... with a bikini trip to Mexico   She's starting the new year as a single woman SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Maria Connor can barely look at lover Aidan as the jailbird comes face to face with him for the first time since he left her to fight alone in court 'Peace out 2016!' Jessica Alba ends the year exploring Hawaiian rainforests with her loved ones Katie Piper channels the eighties in wild leopard print costume as she attends New Year's Eve fancy dress party with husband Richard Sutton 'Golden New Year with the family!' Chris Hemsworth rings in 2017 with his wife Elsa Pataky, his brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Happy New Year from Hawaii... via Somerset: Peter Andre ushers in 2017 with wife Emily MacDonagh and his children at tropical themed party Bottoms up! Lady Victoria Hervey displays her enviably slender frame and peachy derriere in skimpy blue bikini as she tries her hand at paddle boarding in Barbados 'Cutest thing ever!' Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some asking if she's had a bit too much to drink Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve 'Thankful': Sofia Vergara looks incredible in strapless dress while vacationing in Bora Bora for husband Joe Manganiello's birthday 'Oh Jesus, this is the best fireworks show ever!' Scott Eastwood gets VERY excited during New Year's Eve celebrations in Sydney Harbour 'So glad 2017 is finally here': Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo' Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Smooch We can be heroes! Nicole Kidman dances on stage beside hubby Keith Urban as he performs amazing New Year's tribute to 2016's fallen greats  Shanina Shaik sports a racy green dress as she supports DJ Ruckus at a New Year's Eve gig in Miami No stranger to sporting racy ensembles 'Let's do this!' Mariah Carey is carried to the stage by her beau Bryan Tanaka as she preps for New Year's Eve show in Times Square It must be true love! Kylie Jenner gets a lower-case T for Tyga tattoo'd on her ankle... her SIXTH inking so far New Years goals! Doutzen Kroes showcases killer bikini body as she cosies up to husband Sunnery James on beach in Cancun What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian and daughter after dramatic split 'You will survive': MAFS' Zoe Hendrix and Alex Garner reflect on an eventful 2016 which saw them welcome first child after heartbreaking miscarriage 'What a year it's been!': Kris Jenner kicks off New Year's Eve Instagram messages by sharing collage and acknowledging 2016 was rocky William Christopher, best known for his portrayal of Father Mulcahy on the hit 70s TV show M*A*S*H, dies of cancer at age 84 GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Pippa's family are trying to save the pennies as her wedding is set to cost a fortune  The family's online store has launched a sale. GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Star Wars Carrie and her TV hunt for Prince Harry She once led chat show host Graham Norton on a quest to find the Prince GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Heartache as sad Alice starts 2017... with divorce Alice Eve has formally separated from her husband GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Lovelorn Cara's LA dash to rekindle her romance Absence has made the heart grow fonder for supermodel  SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Ronnie Mitchell looks grim-faced at wedding to Jack Branning... before making dramatic exit from the show with troubled sister Roxy New Year's Eve party can really begin now - Usain Bolt's arrived! Sprinter flies into UK to celebrate his beloved Manchester United's victory by partying with goalscorer Paul Pogba 'I miss LA': Chloe Lattanzi admits she's homesick after moving from California to Oregon with her fiancé to start a marijuana farm business  'My dude is HOT': Miley Cyrus admires her fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend a New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and wife Elsa Pataky Ending the year on a bang! Reality star Courtney Stodden poses in white lace lingerie as she says 'bye 2016' The Price Is Right! Radio personality Steve Price 'will join Lisa Curry in the South African jungle for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!' Victoria's Secret model Megan Williams displays her sensational beach body in a black bikini as she frolics in the ocean in St Barts with her boyfriend  Nicki Minaj displays ample cleavage in sexy Instagram post in wake of deadly shooting outside concert of on-again, off-again beau Meek Mill Emma Forbes, 51, shows off stunning figure in chic scalloped swimsuit as she heads to the beach in Barbados with husband Graham Clempson Denim darling! Jenna Dewan shows off her fit form in a black bodysuit with jeans and leopard print booties while out in LA Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Gadgets Microsoft planning to launch Surface Pro 5 in first quarter of 2017: Report Microsoft planning to launch Surface Pro 5 in first quarter of 2017: Report Microsoft is planning to launch the new Surface Pro 5 in the first quarter of 2017, says a report By: Tech Desk | Updated: January 1, 2017 2:50 pm Microsoft is planning to launch Surface Pro 5 in the first quarter of 2017. (Source: Reuters) Microsoft is planning to launch the new Surface Pro 5 in the first quarter of 2017, says a report in DigiTimes quoting China’s Economic Daily News. The report adds the new 2-in-1 will come with an Ultra HD display, a magnetic charging stylus, and that Pegatron Technology will manufacture the device. The report doesn’t given any other hints or specifications about the upcoming device. For Microsoft, the Surface Pro 5 is not the only leak that has taken place. Photos of a purported Surface phone have also been shared on China’s Weibo, but need to be taken with a pinch of salt considering they resemble the old Lumia smartphones. The Surface smartphone is something that has long been rumoured, but we’ve not seen any major announcement from Microsoft on the mobile front for Windows 10. However, the Redmont-based technology giant has confirmed it will be bringing Windows 10 on ARM-architecture based processors as part of a new partnership with Qualcomm. Microsoft confirmed that in future Windows 10 users will be able to experience their desktop apps on future tablets, phones, etc which are running on Qualcomm processors. So the Surface phone might just end up making an appearance in 2017. Microsoft’s Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book have emerged as successful devices. The company just updated its Surface lineup in October 2016. The new Surface Book i7, which indicates the use of Intel’s Core i7 processor also features NVIDIA’s GTX 965M GPU and has a 16 hour battery life. Microsoft Surface Book comes in 256GB, 512GB or 1TB storage options priced at $2,399, $2,799, and $3,299, respectively. The new Surface Studio desktop was also announced by the company at its big Surface event. Microsoft says its new Surface sales were the best in November 2016, and that its devices were preferred over Apple’s new MacBook Pro 2016. The Windows 10 maker also called Apple’s much-hyped new MacBook Pro a “disappointment”, especially for the professional consumers. We’ll have to wait and see how soon the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 is introduced to the world, and whether there will be different processor versions of this, including perhaps a Qualcomm one. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: microsoft Best of Express PM Modi frames UP fight: Growth exiled for 14 yrs, give us majority EntertainmentDangal box office collection day 11: Aamir Khan film all set to take over Sultan as biggest hit of 2016 EntertainmentRaees: Dear Shah Rukh Khan, why are you so 'Zaalim' on us? EntertainmentBollywood shocked at Abis Rizvi's death in Istanbul terror attack EntertainmentAkshay Kumar's calender break-up of his films will leave you amazed Must Read SportsSC sacks BCCI chief, secy; Anurag says ‘all the best’ SportsBCCI's top two down; cricket’s non-playing XI panics Sports'Let the new administrators amend the constitution' TechnologySamsung Galaxy A7, Galaxy A5, Galaxy A3 (2017) launched ahead of CES 2017 TechnologyBHIM app duplicates are all over Google Play Store: Here's how to avoid TechnologyWhatsApp stops working in older iPhones, Android handsets Lifestyle9th edition of India Art Fair to start February 2 Jan 03: Latest News Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC, non-OPEC production cuts US House Republicans weaken ethics body as they return to Congress David Warner becomes first to score hundred before lunch in Australia Christmas fixtures great for fans, hard for players, says Jose Mourinho Ludhiana youth dies in Delhi, kin allege murder                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Dell’s new convertible XPS 13 leaks ahead of CES 2017 2 by Mehedi Hassan  @mehedih_ Jan 1, 2017 at 17:53 GMT1 day ago The Consumer Electronics Show starts tomorrow in Las Vegas. CES is where most new Windows devices were revealed in the past several years, and this year it probably won’t be any different. Now, it seems like Dell has mistakenly leaked its upcoming XPS device on its website ahead of CES 2017. The company has just revealed the upcoming convertible XPS 13, the XPS 13 2-in-1 (9365). As you can see in the image above, Dell’s XPS 13 2-in-1 will be a convertible device which you will be able to use in a couple of different modes. The device also seems to have Dell’s popular InfiniteEdge display which plays a substantial part in the device’s design. Apart from that, there really isn’t much details available on the XPS 13 2-in-1 just yet. It’s likely the XPS 13 2-in-1 will have everything that’s available on the recently updated XPS 13 and more, this obviously includes the Kaby Lake processors from Intel. We will have more coverage of CES 2017 starting tomorrow, so make sure to stay tuned to MSPU for the latest news and announcements from CES! Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source dell Via Windows central Related ces CES 2017 dell Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 Kaby Lake surface book Windows 2-in1 XPS XPS 13 XPS 13 2-in-1 Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Exclusive: Windows 10 Creators Update set to be released on April 2017 by Mehedi Hassan 0 Trending Leaked slide suggests Samsung’s Galaxy S8 Android phone may come with a Continuum-like desktop solution by Surur 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast 2016’s Microsoft Moments by Andrew Bennett on December 30, 2016 Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett are back again for the last episode of 2016! This week both Vernon and Andrew look at some of their favorite Microsoft moments from the past year. You c... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Specs of Qualcomm’s first ARM processor capable of running Windows 10 leaked by Sean Chan on January 2, 2017 Qualcomm is set to launch its next-gen Snapdragon processor at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. The company’s upcoming Snapdragon processor, the Snapdragon 835 will be its f... Majority of Steam users finally on Windows 10 by Surur It’s taken a while, but Windows 10 users finally outnumber the number of Steam users on other computing users on the gaming platform. In the latest Steam Hardware Survey report for Ja... Exclusive: Windows 10 Creators Update set to be released on April 2017 by Mehedi Hassan Last October at the Windows 10 event in New York City, Microsoft officially unveiled the Windows 10 Creators Update, codenamed “Redstone 2.” At the event, Microsoft stated that the updat... Dell finally introduces a convertible XPS 13 by Mehedi Hassan Dell’s recent XPS devices are definitely one of the prettiest laptops you can get right now. The company’s Edge-to-Edge displays are simply beautiful looking, but there’s b... Dell’s new convertible XPS 13 leaks ahead of CES 2017 by Mehedi Hassan The Consumer Electronics Show starts tomorrow in Las Vegas. CES is where most new Windows devices were revealed in the past several years, and this year it probably won’t be any differ... Deals Deals Microsoft launch a $20 post-holidays Xbox One discount, available for $279 If you managed to miss all the great Xbox One discounts this holiday season, or maybe want to spend some of the cash gifts you received last week, Microsoft has a deal for you. They are offe... Deal Alert: Snag a 200GB Micro SD card from Amazon for just $63 Out of space of your Surface or Windows phone? Amazon is offering the 200GB Sandisk Micro SD memory card for jut $63 in the USA today. Ideal for premium Android-based smartphones and tablets... Deal Alert: Microsoft begins second week of Xbox countdown deals, offering 50% c... Microsoft has released the second week of their Xbox Countdown deals, and you can purchase the following Xbox One games from up to 60% off. While the initial game list was full of A-Listers ... Deal: Get 10% off Surface Book devices in the UK Amazon UK is now offering 10% discount on Surface Book devices. You can get £130 discount on the entry-level Surface Book model. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB/model is now availa... Deal Alert: Last 12 hours to get ReCore for Xbox One half-price for just $19.99 You can still get the popular adventure game ReCore for just $19.99 from the Microsoft Store. Experience a new masterpiece from Keiji Inafune and the makers of Metroid Prime. Explore a dyna... Microsoft cuts $300 from most Surface Pro 4 models till 31st December, Core i5 m... If you have any pennies left over from Christmas for the New Year’s sales Microsoft is happy to help relieve your wallet of that burden. The company is now offering up to $300 off most... Deal Alert: Save £60 on the Sandisk Ultra 256 GB microSD card, only 7 hours lef... A microSD card is a quick and easy way to add storage to your phone or PC, and if your PC has a SD card slot, with the right adapter is the perfect way to add back-up and versioning to your ... Deal: Get $100 discount on HTC VIVE VR System, plus free $100 gift code and two ... You can now get the HTC VIVE VR system for $699 ($100 discount) from Microsoft Store in the US. Along with the discount, you can also get free $100 Microsoft Store gift card and two free gam... Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for £699 Argos UK is now selling Surface Pro 4 device with 128GB / Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for just £699. You can also save £20 on Microsoft Office 365 when bought with this devic... Deal: Get the recently released ‘Final Fantasy XV’ on Xbox One for o... Online retailer Amazon has been offering tons of deals this holiday season in an effort to help you with your gift giving, and one of the retailer’s ongoing perks, the Gold Box’ ... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Dave Barry’s year in review: The train wreck that was 2016 Ten-month old Methuen child revived twice after exposure to fentanyl For Democrats, some slivers of hope Medicaid may bar seniors’ trust funds to pay for extras Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Forever timeless: 2016’s notable deaths E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Associated Press/File Prince performing in California in 1985. He died in April. By Joseph P. Kahn Globe Correspondent  January 01, 2017 Muhammad Ali — the transcendent heavyweight boxer known as “The Greatest” — championed human rights at home and abroad, a fight he undertook as courageously as any he faced in the ring. For Elie Wiesel, the struggles were intensely personal, born of bearing witness, a teen who survived the Nazi hatred and cruelty that destroyed his family and his community. The passing of these two men touched people around the world in 2016, a year that closed with a stunning staccato of bulletins about entertainment icons, among them Carrie Fisher and her sometimes collaborator, frequent foil, and mother, Debbie Reynolds; they died within a day of each other. Advertisement The dawn of the New Year offers a chance to recollect the lives and legacies of these and scores of other individuals who left lasting imprints on the region, nation, and world. The charisma of Ali and character of Wiesel particularly resonated with people from all walks of life. While Ali’s weapons were his fleet fists and feet and his lightning wit, Wiesel relied on the pen and lectern as his tools. Propelled by an intense intellectual curiosity and a prodigious gift for storytelling, he wrestled with how one can make sense of humanity’s vast capacity for evil. Get Fast Forward in your inbox: Forget yesterday's news. Get what you need today in this early-morning email. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here In doing so, the Boston University professor became “a “messenger to mankind whose message is not one of hate and revenge, but of brotherhood and atonement,’’ the Nobel committee said in bestowing its peace prize to him in 1986. Ali, who also served as a UN-appointed “messenger” of peace, “shook up the world,’’ President Obama said upon his death, “and the world is better for it.’’ The world was shaken by the deaths of several political leaders in 2016, none more polarizing than Fidel Castro, the revolutionary who seized power in Cuba in 1959 and turned it into an increasingly isolated outpost of communism. In doing so, he inspired both reverence and revulsion and turned the island into a Cold War nemesis of 10 US presidents. Associated Press photos Elie Wiesel and Muhammad Ali (front) were among those who passed on last year, along with (left to right, top to bottom) Gwen Ifill, Debbie Reynolds, David Bowie, John Glenn, Prince, Florence Henderson, Antonin Scalia, Arnold Palmer, Nancy Reagan, Janet Reno, Fidel Castro, and Harper Lee. Advertisement In Israel, Shimon Peres was an early figure in the formation of the Jewish state, helping design its defense industry and guide its rise as a military power. Yet later, as prime minister and president, he would become a dedicated peacemaker. So, too, was Boutros Boutros-Ghali, who steered the United Nations through perilous times as its sixth secretary general. The death of King Bhumibol Adulyadej, who was born in Cambridge, sent Thailand into intense, reverential mourning. In this nation, many Americans were often appalled by a divisive presidential election like none they had experienced in their lifetimes. Yet they were united in offering tributes to such countrymen and women as John Glenn — war hero, astronaut, senator, personification of the Right Stuff — and former first lady Nancy Reagan. Gone, too, were Janet Reno, the country’s first female US attorney general; Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, a staunch constitutional originalist; Phyllis Schlafly, one of social conservatism’s leading lights; Melvin Laird, who as defense secretary sought to extricate the country from Vietnam; and Daniel Berrigan and Tom Hayden, antiwar activists who won admirers and enemies during the social tumult of the ’60s. Perhaps no realm was more staggered by loss than the music industry. Gone were a host of artists who erased boundaries both in their works and their lives: David Bowie, a glam, shape-shifting performer whose influence ranged broadly from music and film to art and fashion; the superstar forever known as Prince, a genre-bending artist who blended R&B, pop, and funk into his own intoxicating brew; singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen, whose hauntingly poetic lyrics explored faith, love, death, and spiritual longing; and outlaw country troubadour Merle Haggard. Also, Glenn Frey, founding member of the Eagles; bluegrass legend Ralph Stanley; producer George Martin of Beatles fame; prog rockers Keith Emerson and Greg Lake; silver-maned singer-songwriter-producer Leon Russell; classical composer-conductor Pierre Boulez; jazz-blues pianist Mose Allison; opera stars Patrice Munsel and Phyllis Curtin; Boston Symphony Orchestra cellist Jules Eskin; pop crooners Julius La Rosa, Kay Starr, and Bobby Vee; and vocalist Natalie Cole, who passed away in the waning hours of 2015, her death not reported until early in the new year. In the last week of 2016, George Michael’s death stunned both fans of his early work with Wham! and those who saw the singer’s eventual embrace of his homosexuality as liberating. In the world of letters, it was a year to mark the deaths of Harper Lee, beloved author of “To Kill a Mockingbird”; playwright Edward Albee, who explored human intimacy and familial dysfunction in “Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf?” and other riveting dramas; novelist, poet, essayist, and rugged adventurer Jim Harrison; Peter Shaffer, creator of “Equus,” “Amadeus,” and other award-winning plays; and novelist and memoirist Pat Conroy. In the art world, epitaphs were carved for Israeli-born architect Zaha Hadid, whose soaring creations sparkled with geometric brilliance; Color Field painter Walter Darby Bannard; urban architect Bing Thom; influential fashion designers Sonia Rykiel and James Galanos; and witty and prolific New Yorker magazine cartoonists William Hamilton, Frank Modell, and Robert Weber. A challenging year for journalists in general saw eulogies delivered for some of its finest practitioners. Among them were CBS newsman and veteran “60 Minutes” correspondent Morley Safer; PBS news anchor Gwen Ifill, a role model and mentor to countless young journalists; Ruth Gruber, pioneering writer, photojournalist, and humanitarian; Sydney Schanberg, globe-trotting reporter and author whose work inspired the film “The Killing Fields”; and colorful sports journalists Craig Sager of Turner Sports, ESPN anchor John Saunders, and Bud Collins of The Boston Globe, whose tennis knowledge and kaleidoscopic wardrobe helped popularize a sport he deeply loved. In addition to Carrie Fisher, an actress, activist, and brutally honest writer who soared to intergalactic fame in “Star Wars,” and her mother, Debbie Reynolds, who personified musical ebullience in such movies as “Singin’ in the Rain,’’ toasts were raised in show business circles for Gary Shandling, a groundbreaking writer-comedian-actor who created and starred in “The Larry Sanders Show”; Gene Wilder, a riotously funny actor who delighted film audiences in “Young Frankenstein,” “Willy Wonka,” and other comic masterpieces; Garry Marshall, whose writing, directing, and producing talents spawned many popular TV shows and hit movies; and actors George Kennedy, Abe Vigoda, and Alan Rickman, all equally deft at comedy or hard-boiled drama. Television families often become extensions of their audiences’ home lives. So it was for two sitcom stars whose parental roles made them pop-culture fixtures, and whose loss last year was felt by millions of fans: Florence Henderson, a Broadway leading lady best known as matriarch of “The Brady Bunch,” and Alan Thicke, a singer-songwriter embraced as America’s Dad on the hit series “Growing Pains.” Also bowing out were deadpan comedian Bob Elliott; broadcast executive Grant Tinker; stage and screen actresses Anne Jackson, Patty Duke, and Tammy Grimes; actors Hugh O’Brien, Ken Howard, and Robert Vaughn, three of TV’s most durable leading men; and actress-socialite Zsa Zsa Gabor, who paved the way for celebrities becoming famous largely, if not solely, for being famous. In 2016, sports fans observed a moment of silence for two all-time greats: Arnold Palmer, also known as The King, who assembled his own loyal army and stormed the golf world in the 1960s and ’70s, and Gordie Howe, a superb two-way hockey player whose NHL glory days stretched over five incredibly durable decades. Cheers echoed, too, for Pat Summitt, college basketball’s all-time winningest coach; baseball player and broadcaster Joe Garagiola; Florida Marlins flame-thrower Jose Fernandez, who perished in a boating accident; New England Patriots alums Bill Lenkaitis and Julius Adams; tennis great Gardnar Mulloy; Johan Cruyff, who brought balletic movement and a genius’s intuition to the soccer pitch; football coaches Buddy Ryan and Ted Marchibroda; and baseball immortals Monte Irvin, Ralph Branca, and Dave “Boo” Ferriss, who helped lead the Red Sox to the World Series in 1946. Losing visionaries who specialized in science, technology, or education is a reminder of how human knowledge advances through the power of individual genius. Computer scientist Marvin Minsky expanded the boundaries of artificial intelligence, while Seymour Papert played a similar role in computer-based education. Intel chief Andrew Grove revolutionized the semiconductor industry. Jerome Bruner’s work in cognitive psychology led to such landmark studies as “Actual Minds, Possible Worlds.” MIT molecular biologist Susan Lindquist won a National Medal of Science for her many contributions to medical and scientific progress. Local luminaries who passed from the scene in 2016 included mass transit superchief Robert Kiley; taxpayer advocate Barbara Anderson; Harvard historian and literary critic Daniel Aaron; acoustic-science pioneer Leo Beranek; MedFlight CEO Suzanne Wedel; physician Arthur Pappas, a Boston Red Sox co-owner; MIT computer engineer Jay Forrester; economist and public intellectual Lester Thurow; and Vincent “Buddy” Cianci, the charismatic Providence mayor who repeatedly resurrected his professional career despite personal failings and criminal convictions. The world would be a duller place without the inventors and innovators who come up with products and concepts that make life easier, richer, more fashionable, and more fun. With a smile of recognition, millions bade goodbye last year to Artur Fischer (flash photography), Raymond Tomlinson (e-mail, @ sign), Margaret Heldt (beehive hairdo), and Jim Delligatti (Big Mac sandwich). Finally, candles were lit in 2016 for the men and women in uniform and first responders who made the ultimate sacrifice for their fellow citizens. They shall not be forgotten as time and history march forward into an uncharted future. Jeff Haynes/AFP/Getty Images/File 2000 Golf legend Arnold Palmer died in September at the age of 87. Joseph P. Kahn can be reached at josephpkahn@gmail.com. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Learn more Subscribe Subscribe Boston Globe Insiders EPaper Edition My Account Log in Manage my Account Download Customer Service App Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close We hope you’ve enjoyed your 5 free articles Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Subscribe Now Already a subscriber? Log in DON'T MISS THESE MUST READS Get unlimited access and never miss a story Dave Barry’s year in review: The train wreck that was 2016 Ten-month old Methuen child revived twice after exposure to fentanyl For Democrats, some slivers of hope Medicaid may bar seniors’ trust funds to pay for extras Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW Already a subscriber? Log in Your city. Your stories. Your Globe. Yours FREE for two weeks. Enjoy free unlimited access to Globe.com for the next two weeks. Limited time only - No credit card required! Get Today's Headlines newsletter Remember me BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial. Thanks & Welcome to Globe.com You now have unlimited access for the next two weeks. Explore Globe.com BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial.
