More than just technology news Home Tech Reviews Science Games Culture Video Stay Connected Facebook Twitter RSS Updated Hot Tags Pokemon Go Pokemon Go Update Apple Science Samsung Scientists Says Children's Intelligence Come from Their Mother John Emerson Conde First Posted: Oct 08, 2016 01:18 PM EDT circa 1955: The Form Board test is cored for time and error. A child must place the blocks in the correct holes as a test of form perception and understanding of spatial relationships. (Photo by Orlando /Three Lions/Getty Images) Moms and dads often debate about who is accountable for their kid's intelligence. This is one of the most common scenes when it comes to seeing both good grades and bad. Today, this debate may finally come to a stop as scientist concluded the mother is generally responsible for the child's smarts. This is because a human being's intelligence is carried from the X chromosome - females carry two of them while males only have one. Plus, scientists now also believe that genes for advanced cognitive function, reasoning, intelligence and language, that are of the father could be entirely incorrect. There is a category for genes that only works when they come from the mother; this is called "conditioned genes." Intelligence is believed to be under conditioned genes making it even more convincing that moms are responsible for their kid's intelligence. Is There Any Proof? There is a research on genetically engineered mice that shows no paternal cells in the brain when they removed all of the maternal genes. This also caused the mice to have a smaller head in ratio to its body, according to a report published in The Veterans Site. Although it did prove something on mice, it cannot be for humans as humans are not mice after all. This is why another research was done to work on this theory. According to Independent, the study started from 1979 to 1994 in Glasgow by interviewing 12,686 people within the age range of 14 and 22. The interviewees' IQ was predicted based on their mother's. The results only varied about 15 points. The study did also take into account other factors such as their socioeconomic status and ethnicity, but the mother's IQ was still the best predictor. Nonetheless, it should still be clear that genetics is not the only basis for a person's intellect - about 40 to 60 percent of one's intelligence is hereditary. This gives a huge space for environmental factor to kick in and determine an individual's smartness. Advertisement   You May Like These The Edison Gene: ADHD and the Gift of the Hunter Child $13.38 More offers Shop Now Please Don't Tell My Parents I Blew Up the Moon More offers Shop Now I Did NOT Give That Spider Superhuman Intelligence! (Please Don't Tell My Parents Book 4) More offers Shop Now When Parents Were Young $0.99 More offers Shop Now Not In Your Genes: The real reasons children are like their parents More offers Shop Now Related Articles Prolonged Fasting At Night May Cut Breast Cancer Brisks Rheumatoid Arteritis Medication, Actemra, Shows Positive Results Strange News: Doctors Put A Patient's Ear On His Arm To Restore Senses TagsGenes, Parent Genes, Science, Genetics, Intelligence Get the Most Popular iTechPost Stories in a Weekly Newsletter © 2016 iTech Post All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Latest News TECH Apple Might Release Three New iPads For March: One Of These Is Its Biggest Ever Users Are Signing To An Encrypted Email Provider After Trump´s Triumph Why Facebook Is Copying Snapchat´s Features? Three New iPads To Unveil On March 2017 With Bezel-Free 10.9-Inch Model SCIENCE Prolonged Fasting At Night May Cut Breast Cancer Brisks Rheumatoid Arteritis Medication, Actemra, Shows Positive Results Strange News: Doctors Put A Patient's Ear On His Arm To Restore Senses San Diego Zoo Breeds The Rarest Of All Insects To Have Been Discovered Games Overwatch' Tips And Tricks: How To Do The Sombra Skydiving Glitch Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2' Guide: Best Earthling Race Build Dishonored 2' Guide For Beginners: Choosing Playstyles And Which Is Best To Get Trophies Skyrim Special Edition: Five Treasure Maps And Where To Find The Treasures Culture Taylor Swift Files Lawsuit Against A Former DJ In Colorado For Grabbing Her Ass 'The Flash' Season 3 Spoilers: Doctor Alchemy Revealed, Savitar To Make His Appearance Miley Cyrus,Liam Hemsworth Relationship Update,Thor's Brother Having Financial Issues 'Legends of the Blue Sea' Will Publicize Asian Superstar Lee Min Ho With New Cast Must Read Can Multiple Sclerosis Be Used As A Determinant Of Breast Cancer? Is That Even Possible? SpaceX Falcon 9: Future Travel To International Space Station Unlikely? Does Gender Play A Significant Role In Responding To Stress And Anxiety? Find Out How IT Fun Near Final' List Of Exhibitors For PSX 2016 Revealed Black Friday Sale 2016: The Best Places To Get An iPhone Nintendo NES Classic Edition: Gone In Less Than Sixty Seconds Best Samsung Midrange Phones 2016: Galaxy J2 Prime, Galaxy A8 (2016), Galaxy J7 Prime, Galaxy J5 Prime, Galaxy On7 and On8 (2016) MacBook Pro 2016 vs HP Spectre x360: Specs, Features, Price Apple News: Low-cost iPad Coming In 2017 MOST POPULAR SpaceX Falcon 9 Rescheduled Launches To Mid-December iOS 10 Jailbreak Is Here, But Pangu Has Failed Again Donald Trump's Wife Melania Naked GQ Photos Exposed; More Controversies Await The New First Lady ‘Criminal Minds’ To Rehire Thomas Gibson? Actor And Kicked Writer In Good Terms? Pokemon Go News: Players Petition To Remove Speed Limit Ban On PokeStops DJI Mavic Pro Orders Will Ship In Roughly Two Months Park Bo Gum Wants To Date Kim Yoo Jung: Proof That The Two Are Secretly Dating Revealed 'Dragon Ball Super' Episode 66, 67 Spoilers & Rumors: Merged Zamasu Faces Vegito's Wrath; Trunks Dies? Episode 67 To Air November 20 'Running Man': Best Candidates To Be 7th Member After Gary Left The Show ‘Dragon Ball Super’ Episode 66 News, Spoilers: Vegito Attacks Merged Zamasu With Final Kamehameha; Goku And Vegeta’s Fusion Has Weakness? © 2016 iTech Post All rights reserved. All Rights Reserved. Tech Apple Samsung Mobile Science Social Network Space Games Environment Culture Categories About us Contact us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow us Facebook Twitter RSS
Skip to site map Hello Sign Out My Profile Update Details My Subscription My Events Admin Site Login Sign Up Subscribe Today's Paper 30° Ipswich Ipswich Toogoolawah Esk Gatton Harrisville Lowood Loganlea Ripley News NEWS Local News Just In Letters to the Editor Opinion Queensland National World Off Beat Business Sport SPORT Local Sport National Sport Features Opinion NRL AFL Soccer Cricket Netball Golf Horse Racing Lifestyle LIFESTYLE Hey Mumma Outdoor Living Easy Eating Home & Style Gardening Travel Entertainment Fashion Smarter Shopping Health Parenting Dating Horoscopes Community COMMUNITY Community News Your Story Weddings Pets Photos Buy Photos Videos Local History Traffic Cameras Ipswich Council Page Chamber of Commerce What's on WHAT'S ON Events Competitions Guides Tourism Post Your Event Jobs JOBS Jobs News Training & Education Local Job Listings Post your Job Ad Motoring MOTORING Motoring News Road Test Future Models Local Motoring Listings Post your Motoring Ad Real Estate REAL ESTATE Real Estate News Local Real Estate Listings Property Guide Post your Real Estate Ad Classifieds FINDA Classifieds Real Estate Motoring Jobs Buy & Sell Notices Trades & Services Health & Beauty Personals Businesses for Sale Get a Tradie Post an Ad Find Your Local Search by keyword Search by location Search by category Add your business Special Features QT Magazine Resource Directory Stud Cattle Directory Step in the Right Direction QT Business Directory APN Network Menu Home Just In News Sport Lifestyle Community What's On Jobs Motoring Real Estate Obituaries Classifieds All News Sorry dads, kids get intelligence from their mothers Charlotte England | 10th Oct 2016 6:18 AM 0 PRINT Use this content Related Items New colourful Instagram logo created in unique way VIDEO: Backpackers rescue baby dolphin at Yamba My Kitchen Rules' top five teams prepare for ultimate cook Local Real Estate Subscribe Now A MOTHER'S genetics determines how clever her children are, according to researchers, and the father makes no difference. Women are more likely to transmit intelligence genes to their children because they are carried on the X chromosome and women have two of these, while men only have one. But in addition to this, scientists now believe genes for advanced cognitive functions which are inherited from the father may be automatically deactivated. A category of genes known as "conditioned genes" are thought to work only if they come from the mother in some cases and the father in other cases. Intelligence is believed to be among the conditioned genes that have to come from the mother. Laboratory studies using genetically modified mice found that those with an extra dose of maternal genes developed bigger heads and brains, but had little bodies. Those with an extra dose of paternal genes had small brains and larger bodies. Researchers identified cells that contained only maternal or paternal genes in six different parts of the mouse brains which controlled different cognitive functions, from eating habits to memory. Cells with paternal genes accumulated in parts of the limbic system, which is involved in functions such as sex, food and aggression. But researchers did not find any paternal cells in the cerebral cortex, which is where the most advanced cognitive functions take place, such as reasoning, thought, language and planning. Concerned that people might not be like mice, researchers in Glasgow took a more human approach to exploring intelligence. They found the theories extrapolated from mice studies bear out in reality when they interviewed 12,686 young people between the ages of 14 and 22 every year from 1994. Despite taking into account several factors, from the participants education to their race and socio-economic status, the team still found the best predictor of intelligence was the IQ of the mother. However, research also makes it clear that genetics are not the only determinant of intelligence - only 40 to 60 per cent of intelligence is estimated to be hereditary, leaving a similar chunk dependent on the environment. But mothers have also been found to play an extremely significant role in this non-genetic part of intelligence, with some studies suggesting a secure bond between mother and child is intimately tied to intelligence. Researchers at the University of Washington found that a secure emotional bond between a mother and child is crucial for the growth of some parts of the brain. After analysing the way a group of mothers related to their children for seven years, the researchers found children who were supported emotionally and had their intellectual needs fulfilled had a 10 per cent larger hippocampus at 13 on average than children whose mothers were emotionally distant. The hippocampus is an area of the brain associated with memory, learning and stress response. A strong bond with the mother is thought to give a child a sense of security which allows them to explore the world, and the confidence to solve problems. In addition, devoted, attentive mothers tend to help children solve problems, further helping them to reach their potential. Of course, there's no reason why fathers can't play as big a nurture role as mothers. And researchers point out that a whole array of other gene determined traits - like intuiton and emotions - which can be inherited from the father are also key to unlocking potential intelligence, so fathers - don't despair.  independent Read More Login to follow intelligence Read More Login to follow maternal Read More Login to follow world Read More Login to follow Topics:  independent intelligence maternal world 0 PRINT Just In LETTER: Store's closure bad news for women battling cancer Mel B 'irked by Geri Horner's pregnancy announcement' Triple treat for trainer in Ipswich NZ quake: Almost 400 aftershocks have struck in 24 hours Bundy leagues club locked in legal battle Family under threat from fast-moving fire Top Stories Family under threat from fast-moving fire BREAKING: A home is under threat from a fast-moving grass fire in the Lockyer Valley. News 14th Nov 2016 1:15 PM Why the council will be peering over your fence Supermoon: Best time and top tips to capture on camera The supermoon will appear about 15% larger Dumb and dumber - Mayor slams rail fail QR decision to replace trains with buses on Rosewood line a joke LETTER: Store's closure bad news for women battling cancer Please help before it is too late Local Partners Community Your Story Local History More Community What's On Rail guru questions QR decision on trains Robert Dow goes into bat for commuters on Ipswich-Rosewood line Help teenager make a difference in The Congo Salomon's journey from refugee to agent for change Ipswich has future Craig Lowndes in its midst Coalminers vision takes another step Numbers of students at this school have parents talking Workmates honour crash victim with tribute Meet the Laidley bartender we are proud to call UGLY Five things to do this week What's on in Ipswich Five things to do this weekend Here's what's on in Ipswich Things to do around Ipswich What's on this weekend Entertainment CELEBRITY TV MOVIES MUSIC Mel B 'irked by Geri Horner's pregnancy announcement' OUTSPOKEN singer Mel B has been moaning to pals about Geri Horner's pregnancy announcement, a report has claimed. Celebrity 14th Nov 2016 2:00 PM Comment Sir Roger Moore: Aidan Turner would be a 'very good' Bond Sir Roger Moore thinks Aidan Turner would be "very good" as Bond Swift turns to Drake for new hip hop sound Taylor Swift has turned to Drake for a new hip-hop sound Sir Elton John: Britain is horrible at present Sir Elton John admits Britain is "horrible" at the moment. Five things to do this week What's on in Ipswich Gable Tostee explains why he recorded fatal Tinder date Gable Tostee has faced an interview by Channel 9's 60 Minutes Will and Karlie become first Queenslanders to win The Block FIVE teams rake in nearly $3 million in prize money on auction day. Real Estate Buy Rent More Real Estate Listing More Real Estate News 1 Garowie Court, Brassall 4305 House 3 2 2 $319,000 There is a little bit of work to do here, but this great home offers an awesome opportunity to add your own personal touch and instantly add value! The owner has... 93 Workshops, Brassall 4305 House 4 1 1 $289,000 This is undoubtedly the suburb surprise. This great family home is set on a 630m2 block in walking distance to shops, schools, sporting, public transport and... 1099 Warrill View Peak Crossing Road, Peak Crossing 4306 ... House 4 2 4 $500,000... Designed for those who enjoy luxury Queensland living, this is a home you'll want to show off and is only minutes from Peak Crossing School. This contemporary... 212 Roadvale Road, Roadvale 4310 3 2 4 $500,000 Looking for a lifestyle change? Then look no further! Properties like this are hard to come by and don't last long either. Located at Roadvale just 10 minutes... 15 Stapylton Street, Warrill View 4307 House 6 2 5 OFFERS CONSIDERED... Located at Warrill View just 8 minutes to Harrisville township and 25 minutes to Yamanto this one will surely impress. Set on a 1012m2 block this large home has... 74 Queen Street, Harrisville 4307 House 3 1 1 $295,000... Whether looking for an investment or first home, this beauty is ready to go and will not disappoint! Never been listed and features original Queenslander... 75 Glebe Road, Silkstone 4304 House 3 1 1 $387,000... This centrally located gem will wow you with it's modern renovation, which pays homage to the original 1920's character of the home. Upon entrance from the front... 5 Takara Court, Karana Downs 4306 House 4 2 2 $389,000 Escape to your very own land of enchanted gardens, massive outdoor and multiple indoor living areas where you can entertain to your hearts content or just relax... 10 Hall Street, Harrisville 4307 House 3 1 3 ALL OFFERS... CALL TO INSPECT TODAY!! First time offered for sale in 37 years, needs to be sold!! Sitting on a quarter acre block this fully fenced 3 bed home just needs some... 91 Krugers Road, Coleyville 4307 House 2 1 6 $485,000 With access to the Cunningham Highway within 2 minutes, it's the perfect “Country Retreat” and it's an easy commute to Ipswich only 15 minutes away and... Yabba, dabba doo! Coast’s Flintstones house on market Hand-built stone cottage at property that become family's Bedrock $1.3 million home paves way for new housing market Now, the suburban stunner has new home owners Grandmother of seven evicted from home of 19 years Grandmother evicted from family home after not making her repayments Massive housing estate planned at mouth of bypass Huge development about 3km north of the Toowoomba CBD AUDIO: Swifts' renovation gives youth job hopes State Government funding lands 30 youth in traineeship positions Ready to SELL your property? Post Your Ad Here! © The Queensland Times Pty Limited 2016. Unauthorised reproduction is prohibited under the laws of Australia and by international treaty. APN APN Group Websites Need Help? Refer to our helpful FAQ section for any problems you might be experiencing. Queensland Times Ipswich News National News World News Sport Lifestyle Travel Shopping Business Real Estate Home Loans Horoscopes Ipswich Weather Newspapers in Education What's On Entertainment Events Place an event Competitions Ipswich Classifieds Jobs in Ipswich Cars for Sale in Ipswich Property listings in Ipswich Bargains for Sale in Ipswich Obituaries in Ipswich Personals in Ipswich Notices in Ipswich Property for Rent Houses for Sale Classifieds Garage Sale Recruitment Ipswich Trades and Services Air Conditioning Builders Carpet Cleaners Concreters Electricians Gardeners Handyman Painters Plumbers All Services About Queensland Times Audience Panel About Us Contact Us Our Team Use our Content Home Delivery ePaper Photo Sales Letters to the Editor Competition Terms APN News & Media Digital Advertising ARM Digital Marketing Solutions Group Sites Privacy Policy Terms of Use × Login to follow.
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Editorial Columns Letters Books Blogs BOOK REVIEW Shaking hands with the robot Jinoy Jose P   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Title: Only Humans Need Apply: Winners and Losers in the Age of Smart Machines Authors: Thomas H Davenport and Julia Kirby Publisher: Harper Collins Price: ₹899 An optimistic take on the impact of automation and artificial intelligence on work October 9, 2016:   Have you read a financial report by the Associated Press recently? Chances are that a non-human brain conceived and wrote it. AP — one of the biggest news agencies in the world — publishes more than 3,000 articles every quarter using an content-automation programme, Wordsmith. This ‘robot’ runs on technology from US-based big data analytics and language generation company Automated Insights. Employment is the first casualty in the automation revolution. Many experts in the field of communication and media have sounded alarm already, about machine writers replacing human journalists. Authors Thomas Davenport and Julia Kirby disagree. In Only Humans Need Apply the American writers argue that artificial intelligence (AI) and automation that it powers can in fact help humans augment work and enhance productivity. The key is to embrace change (AI) the right way, and not to panic. But panic is the default mood for most while discussing how AI is going to change the world. There are doomsday forecasts on advances in AI. Physicist Stephen Hawking, for one, last year said efforts to build thinking machines could wipe out humanity. The subject has inspired an assembly line of authors churning out literature on how automation and AI could make or break our future. Rise of the Machines: A Cybernetic History by Thomas Rid and Rise of the Robots: Technology and the Threat of Mass Unemployment by Martin Ford are two good examples. Davenport and Kirby understand the risks arising out of automation, which has just entered its third era. This period brings both “promise and peril”. The authors cite an Oxford University study that says automation can replace nearly half the American jobs. That’s a big number. As of today, there are more than 125 million full-time workers in the US and if automation can impact half of this crowd (that’s more than 60 million), that’s serious business. Augmenting life Davenport and Kirby like to look at the brighter side. The good news is, they write, new cognitive technologies will help solve many important societal and business problems. To give an example, now your local doctor can easily access global expertise online and find healthcare solutions at the speed of a click. Big Data solutions make correlations and decision making easier and coupled with AI they can revolutionise healthcare, finance, mass media and even art. But the obvious fallout is job losses. And this time, those losing their jobs will not be ticket collectors or even farmers, but blue-collared knowledge producers, leaving a huge army of “citizens of zero economic value.” Can we avoid this? Well, that’s a big ask. But there are ways we can circumvent this or put the changes to good use, . Davenport and Kirby finds an interesting pattern in the way humans will deal with their skills in this era: we will step up, step aside, step in, step narrowly and step forward. Step up is where people use computers or artificial intelligence to step up their skills, be it decision-making or knowledge production. Next, they step aside by opting for jobs machines cannot do. By stepping in, they will act as links between the man and the machine. Stepping narrowly is where some people will focus their skills so narrow and sharp that they attain great expertise in some super special areas so that automating them won’t make economic sense at all. Finally, stepping forward is about “creating new cognitive technology solutions for the rest of the world to use”. Davenport and Kirby say this category of work is not a big slice of the job market now, but soon it will. This mainly includes software vendors and companies developing their own systems. This demand will be huge and almost all software company will want to hire people who can assist them in stepping forward. And “no one will ever go broke automating the intelligence” of the knowledge worker. That’s hope. But the authors do not bother to discuss the viability and practicality of these enhancements. For one, they don’t seem to ignore the fact that today’s workers function in a system that does not care enough about enhancing skill. Few corporations would want to do that at the cost of their balance sheets. Most skill enhancements happen on the margins. So in all likelihood, they would see automation as a way to pep up profits that creating a culture of improved workmanship. Law needs intelligence To be fair, Davenport and Kirby ask businesses to augment human labour with technology, but they forget that only the very highly skilled work force would become beneficiaries of such a process. The rest will be forced to work under situations that favour only the companies — such as long working hours, reduced or no social security benefits, and unexpected termination. But this can be controlled by policy changes. States can introduce legislations that can encourage or if need be coerce corporations to augment, not necessarily automate, work and create a level-playing field for all kinds of workers. But most lawmaking bodies are incapable of tracking, analysing and acting upon such changes with the fastidiousness and alacrity they demand. They always function slow and hence miss the bus on most occasions. Take India as an example. The country is witnessing a boom in e-commerce thanks to advances in technology. Still, we have very few regulations and laws that understand the impact of such technologies on society. Here Davenport and Kirby make sense; they highlight the need for AI or data analytics to enter the myriad avenues of public policy making. Administrations armed with tools of AI and meticulous, fast and clear analysis of societal trends can foresee future and formulate rules that will help societies augment work and welfare. In such an environment, there will be little to worry about, say, robot journalists entering the newsroom. (This article was published on October 9, 2016) Related TOPICS arts, culture and entertainment | books and literature | computing and information technology | e-governance | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Columns Slate Statistalk From The Viewsroom The Cheat Sheet MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Demonetisation will serve two purposes The state’s unleashed its ultimate weapon Ratan Tata’s EGM gamble is a risky one When legal tender becomes illegal The dream of a cashless society Demonetisation’s good policy too Without cover Banking on the Centre Will trade triumph under Trump? Columnists Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram LATEST NEWS Economist Alagh seeks concrete plan from Centre Bank officers seek protection for staff Industry bodies appeal for lifting of cap Books, music downloads from foreign sites will be costlier from Dec 1 KG-Basin gas migration penalty: Reliance serves arbitration notice on govt More » O P E N close Recent Article in Opinion The state’s unleashed its ultimate weapon Demonetisation is a bold move, but it can be deemed successful only if the fiscal gain is substantial » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
null
Share 370 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-13 American Music Awards 2016: Complete List Of 2016 AMA Nominees Entertainment 2016-11-13 A Tribe Called Quest On SNL Entertainment 2016-11-13 Netflix ‘The Crown’ Is Portraying Prince Philip As A Bit Of A Jerk Entertainment 2016-11-13 Barack Obama And Joe Biden Are BFFs, Memes About It Have Gone Viral And They Are Phenomenal News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2016-11-13 NES Classic Mini Edition Sold Out Almost Everywhere — Nintendo Promises More Consoles, But Scalpers Ruining It For Everyone Opinion 2016-11-13 President-Elect Donald J. Trump – The Culmination Of Internet Trolling? News 2016-11-13 Could Hillary Clinton Still Become The Next President Of The United States? World 2016-11-13 World War 3 Fears Arise From Trump Threat: NATO Chief Says ‘Greatest Challenge To Security’ Of Europe If U.S. Leaves Alliance Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Health 2016-11-11 Veterans Day 2016: Cancer Waging War With Battleground Survivors’ Lives Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2016-11-13 Researchers Discover Reason Why Seabirds Eat Plastic Debris Gaming 2016-11-13 PlayStation4 Pro Owners Lost In The Middle Of PS4 Pro And TV Settings; Here Are Some Fixes Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Dishonored 2’ For PC Reportedly Has Problems Running — Bethesda Studios Provides Some Potential Fixes To Improve Frame Rate [Video] Gaming 2016-11-13 Ubisoft In Talks With Netflix For ‘Watch Dogs,’ ‘Assassin’s Creed,’ Or ‘Tom Clancy’ TV Series BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Asra Nomani, A Muslim Woman, Had Two Reasons To Dump Trump, But She Didn’t: Here’s Why BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 What is Parker Schnabel’s Net Worth And The ‘Gold Rush’ Star’s Advice For Viewers Who Want To Get Into Gold Mining ? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Internet Of Things: Is The Future Susceptible To Hacking? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Michelle Obama Breaks The Internet With LeBron James And Cleveland Cavaliers In Mannequin Challenge [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Intelligence Is Inherited From The Mother: Father’s Genes Are Suppressed, But Do Make Difference In Child’s Intellect, Claims New Study Science 370 0 0 October 6, 2016 Intelligence Is Inherited From The Mother: Father’s Genes Are Suppressed, But Do Make Difference In Child’s Intellect, Claims New Study Patrick Frye It is the mother’s genes that influence and determine a child’s intellect, suggests a new research. While the father’s genes are present within the children, they lie suppressed. Nonetheless, paternal genes do play a role in the intelligence of their children. When it comes to intelligence, children take after their mother, according to the researchers at the University of Washington. It is the woman who is more likely to transmit genes that shape the child’s intelligence. Researchers supported their findings by noting that genes influencing intelligence are carried on the X chromosome, and women have two of these. Men, or fathers, have only a single X chromosome. Lucky for my kids: Children inherit their intelligence from their mother https://t.co/Z2QcFBCzVm #marriedup — Ross Silverman (@phlu) October 6, 2016 Similar research conducted in the past has corroborated the findings. However, the recently concluded study by researchers in Glasgow, Scotland, adds that genes responsible for advanced cognitive functions are inherited from the father’s side as well. But they are either automatically deactivated or remain suppressed. Could children be made smarter, simply by activating these suppressed or deactivated genes? According to the scientists, a category of genes known as “conditioned genes” are thought to work only if they come from the mother in some cases, and the father in other cases, reported Stock News USA. However, intelligence is the one of the few conditioned genes that works only when it comes from the mother. In other words, even if the child does inherit the smartness genes from the father, they lie deactivated. What does a child inherit from the father? While testing their hypothesis on rats, scientists discovered cells with paternal genes accumulated in parts of the limbic system. This part of the brain deals with much more primal and instinctive functions like sex, food, and aggression. The paternal genes were noticeably absent in the cerebral cortex. This part of the brain deals with evolved and advanced cognitive functions like reasoning, thought, language, and planning. Children Inherit Intelligence From Mothers, Says Study: Mother's genes may determine how clever the children … https://t.co/jlbnyQD8vY — Joy Lobo (@In_gene_year) October 6, 2016 Essentially, genetically modified mice with an extra dose of maternal genes developed bigger brains and relatively smaller bodies. Meanwhile, the rats with an extra dose of paternal genes had small brains and larger bodies. This led scientists to conclude that brain development happens because of the mother’s genes, but how well a child’s body develops depends on the father’s genes. To further corroborate their hypothesis, researchers interviewed 12,686 young people between the ages of 14 and 22 every year for two decades. Despite factoring in environmental factors, including race and socio-economic status, researchers were convinced that the best predictor of intelligence in the child was the IQ of the mother and not the father. Incidentally, genetics are not the only determining factor in development of intelligence. According to previous research, only 40 to 60 percent of intelligence is hereditary, reported The Times of India. In other words, the environment in which the child grows up plays an equally important part in the development of advanced cognitive functions. According to researchers, intelligence depends on mother's X chromosome, where the intellence genes are located. https://t.co/MaKkHsKuPu — Int. Engineering (@IntEngineering) September 28, 2016 Though the surroundings may have a substantial impact on the child’s smartness, it is the deep emotional bond the child shares with his or her mother that largely influences the development of intelligence. The secure and intimate bond a child has with the mother is a large part of the “non-genetic” part of intelligence. While this might be common knowledge, researchers confirmed the theory scientifically by analyzing the way a group of mothers related to their children for seven years. Children who enjoyed a close bond with their mother had their intellectual needs fulfilled, and were supported emotionally, had a 10 percent larger hippocampus at the age of 13, as compared to those who had an emotionally distant mother. While a mother’s love is crucial for her child’s mental and emotional development, the father’s role can’t be undermined. Devoted fathers help develop other important traits in their children like intuition and emotions. These components inherited from the father are crucial for an all-round development of intelligence, concluded the researchers. [Featured Image by Adam Berry/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Elon Musk Releases Video For Settling On Mars Now Read This: Researchers Discover Reason Why Seabirds Eat Plastic Debris Share 370 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Patrick Frye Tags: genes, genetics, intelligence Comments LATEST HEADLINES Will You Go To Mars? National Geographic Goes To Mars In New Docu-Drama NES Classic Mini Edition Sold Out Almost Everywhere — Nintendo Promises More Consoles, But Scalpers Ruining It For Everyone Luke Perry Talks ‘Riverdale’ And Shannen Doherty At RewindCon Researchers Discover Reason Why Seabirds Eat Plastic Debris New ‘Arrow’ Episode Spoilers: DC Comics’ Vigilante Is Coming To Star City, So What Will It Mean For The Green Arrow Team? Hayao Miyazaki, The Genius Animator Of Studio Ghibli, Is Stepping Out Of Retirement For Proposed New Anime Feature Film Meijer Black Friday 2016 Ad: Do Tech Sales Deals Rival Best Buy, Target, And Walmart? President-Elect Donald J. Trump – The Culmination Of Internet Trolling? ‘The Big Bang Theory’ Shows Amy Doesn’t Always Want To Get Physical With Sheldon Paul McCartney Celebrates Abbey Road Studios’ 85th Birthday Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 224.6k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 44.6k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 76.7k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 22.1k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 19.6k 0 0 KKK Of North Carolina Confirms It Will Hold Parade Honoring Electoral Victory Of Donald Trump On December 3 15k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 7.9k 0 0 Recent Headlines ‘Grimm’ Season 6 Series Finale Spoilers 4 0 0 Veteran Deputy, 20 Years, Shot Down In ‘Direct Execution’ By This Man 7 0 0 PlayStation4 Pro Owners Lost In The Middle Of PS4 Pro And TV Settings, Here Are Some Fixes 1 0 0 New Report Warns Of Serious Risk For Babies Left In Car Seats 3 0 0 World War 3 Fears Arise From Trump Threat: NATO Chief Says ‘Greatest Challenge To Security’ Of Europe If U.S. Leaves Alliance 0 0 0 ‘Dishonored 2’ For PC Reportedly Has Problems Running — Bethesda Studios Provides Some Potential Fixes To Improve Frame Rate [Video] 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Skip to content Biblioklept Menu About Us Reviews Interviews About You Read “Moxon’s Master,” Ambrose Bierce’s story about a chess-playing automaton Posted on October 8, 2016 by Biblioklept “Moxon’s Master” by Ambrose Bierce   “Are you serious?—do you really believe a machine thinks?” I got no immediate reply; Moxon was apparently intent upon the coals in the grate, touching them deftly here and there with the fire-poker till they signified a sense of his attention by a brighter glow. For several weeks I had been observing in him a growing habit of delay in answering even the most trivial of commonplace questions. His air, however, was that of preoccupation rather than deliberation: one might have said that he had “something on his mind.” Presently he said: “What is a ‘machine’? The word has been variously defined. Here is one definition from a popular dictionary: ‘Any instrument or organization by which power is applied and made effective, or a desired effect produced.’ Well, then, is not a man a machine? And you will admit that he thinks—or thinks he thinks.” “If you do not wish to answer my question,” I said, rather testily, “why not say so?—all that you say is mere evasion. You know well enough that when I say ‘machine’ I do not mean a man, but something that man has made and controls.” “When it does not control him,” he said, rising abruptly and looking out of a window, whence nothing was visible in the blackness of a stormy night. A moment later he turned about and with a smile said: “I beg your pardon; I had no thought of evasion. I considered the dictionary man’s unconscious testimony suggestive and worth something in the discussion. I can give your question a direct answer easily enough: I do believe that a machine thinks about the work that it is doing.” That was direct enough, certainly. It was not altogether pleasing, for it tended to confirm a sad suspicion that Moxon’s devotion to study and work in his machine-shop had not been good from him. I knew, for one thing, that he suffered from insomnia, and that is no light affliction. Had it affected his mind? His reply to my question seemed to me then evidence that it had; perhaps I should think differently about it now. I was younger then, and among the blessings that are not denied to youth is ignorance. Incited by that great stimulant to controversy, I said: “And what, pray, does it think with—in the absence of a brain?” The reply, coming with less than his customary delay, took his favorite form of counter-interrogation: “With what does a plant think—in the absence of a brain?” “Ah, plants also belong to the philosopher class! I should be pleased to know some of their conclusions; you may omit the premises.” “Perhaps,” he replied, apparently unaffected by my foolish irony, “you may be able to infer their convictions from their acts. I will spare you the familiar examples of the sensitive mimosa and those insectivorous flowers and those whose stamens bend down and shake their pollen upon the entering bee in order that he may fertilize their distant mates. But observe this. In an open spot in my garden I planted a climbing vine. When it was barely above the surface I set a stake into the soil a yard away. The vine at once made for it, but as it was about to reach it after several days I removed it a few feet. The vine at once altered its course, making an acute angle, and again made for the stake. This manoeuver was repeated several times, but finally, as if discouraged, the vine abandoned the pursuit and ignoring further attempts to divert it traveled to a small tree, further away, which it climbed. “Roots of the eucalyptus will prolong themselves incredibly in search of moisture. A well-known horticulturist relates that one entered an old drain-pipe and followed it until it came to a break, where a section of the pipe had been removed to make way for a stone wall that had been built across its course. The root left the drain and followed the wall until it found an opening where a stone had fallen out. It crept through and following the other side of the wall back to the drain, entered the unexplored part and resumed its journey.” “And all this?” “Can you miss the significance of it? It shows the consciousness of plants. It proves they think.” “Even if it did—what then? We were speaking, not of plants, but of machines. They may be composed partly of wood— wood that has no longer vitality—or wholly of metal. Is thought an attribute also of the mineral kingdom?” “How else do you explain the phenomena, for example, of crystallization?” “I do not explain them.” “Because you cannot without affirming what you wish to deny, namely, intelligent cooperation among the constituent elements of the crystals. When soldiers form lines, or hollow squares, you call it reason. When wild geese in flight take the form of a letter V you say instinct. When the homogenous atoms of a mineral, moving freely in solution, arrange themselves into shapes mathematically perfect, or particles of frozen moisture into the symmetrical and beautiful forms of snowflakes, you have nothing to say. You have not even invented a name to conceal your heroic unreason.” Moxon was speaking with unusual animation and earnestness. As he paused I heard in an adjoining room known to me as his “machine-shop,” which no one but himself was permitted to enter, a singular thumping sound, as of some one pounding upon a table with an open hand. Moxon heard it at the same moment and, visibly agitated, rose and hurriedly passed into the room whence it came. I thought it odd that any one else should be in there, and my interest in my friend—with doubtless a touch of unwarrantable curiosity—led me to listen intently, though, I am happy to say, not at the keyhole. There were confused sounds, as of a struggle or scuffle; the floor shook. I distinctly heard hard breathing and a hoarse whisper which said “Damn you!” Then all was silent, and presently Moxon reappeared and said, with a rather sorry smile: “Pardon me for leaving you so abruptly, I have a machine in there that lost its temper and cut up rough.” Fixing my eyes steadily upon his left cheek, which was traversed by four parallel excoriations showing blood, I said: “How would it do to trim its nails?” I could have spared myself the jest; he gave it no attention, but seated himself in the chair that he had left and resumed the interrupted monologue as if nothing had occurred: “Doubtless you do not hold with those (I need not name them to a man of your reading) who have taught that all matter is sentient, that every atom is a living, feeling, conscious being. I do. There is no such thing as dead, inert matter: it is all alive; all instinct with force, actual and potential; all sensitive to the same forces in its environment and susceptible to the contagion of higher and subtler ones residing in such superior organisms as it may be brought into relationship with, as those of man when he is fashioning it into an instrument of his will. It absorbs something of his intelligence and purpose —more of them in proportion to the complexity of the resulting machine and that of his work. “Do you happen to recall Herbert Spencer’s definition of ‘Life’? I read it thirty years ago. He may have altered it afterward, for anything I know, but in all that time I have been unable to think of a single word that could profitably be changed or added or removed. It seems to me not only the best definition, but the only possible one. “‘Life,’ he says, ‘is a definite combination of heterogeneous changes, both simultaneous and successive, in correspondence with external coexistences and sequences.'” “That defines the phenomenon,” I said, “but gives no hint of its cause.” “That,” he replied, “is all that any definition can do. As Mill points out, we know nothing of effect except as a consequent. Of certain phenomena, one never occurs without the other, which is dissimilar: the first in point of time we call the cause, the second, the effect. One who had many times seen a rabbit pursued by a dog, and had never seen rabbits and dogs otherwise, would think the rabbit the cause of the dog. “But I fear,” he added, laughing naturally enough, “that my rabbit is leading me a long way from the track of my legitimate quarry: I’m indulging in the pleasure of the chase for its own sake. What I want you to observe is that in Herbert Spenser’s definition of ‘life’ the activity of a machine is included—there is nothing in the definition that is not applicable to it. According to this sharpest of observers and deepest of thinkers, if a man during his period of activity is alive, so is a machine when in operation. As an inventor and constructor of machines I know that to be true.” Moxon was silent for a long time, gazing absently into the fire. It was growing late and I thought it time to be going, but somehow I did not like the notion of leaving him in that isolated house, all alone except for the presence of some person whose nature my conjectures could go no further than that it was unfriendly, perhaps malign. Leaning toward him and looking earnestly into his eyes while making a motion with my hand through the door of his workshop, I said: “Moxon, whom do you have in there?” Somewhat to my surprise he laughed lightly and answered without hesitation: “Nobody; the incident that you have in mind was caused by my folly in leaving a machine in action with nothing to act upon, while I undertook the interminable task of enlightening your understanding. Do you happen to know that Consciousness is the creature of Rhythm?” “O bother them both!” I replied, rising and laying hold of my overcoat. “I’m going to wish you good night; and I’ll add the hope that the machine which you inadvertently left in action will have her gloves on the next time you think it needful to stop her.” Without waiting to observe the effect of my shot I left the house. Rain was falling, and the darkness was intense. In the sky beyond the crest of a hill toward which I groped my way along precarious plank sidewalks and across miry, unpaved streets I could see the faint glow of the city’s lights, but behind me nothing was visible but a single window of Moxon’s house. It glowed with what seemed to me a mysterious and fateful meaning. I knew it was an uncurtained aperture in my friend’s “machine- shop,” and I had little doubt that he had resumed the studies interrupted by his duties as my instructor in mechanical consciousness and the fatherhood of Rhythm. Odd, and in some degree humorous, as his convictions seemed to me at that time, I could not wholly divest myself of the feeling that they had some tragic relation to his life and character—perhaps to his destiny—although I no longer entertained the notion that they were the vagaries of a disordered mind. Whatever might be thought of his views, his exposition of them was too logical for that. Over and over, his last words came back to me: “Consciousness is the creature of Rhythm.” Bald and terse as the statement was, I now found it infinitely alluring. At each recurrence it broadened in meaning and deepened in suggestion. Why, here (I thought) is something upon which to found a philosophy. If consciousness is the product of rhythm all things are conscious, for all have motion, and all motion is rhythmic. I wondered if Moxon knew the significance and breadth of his thought—the scope of this momentous generalization; or had he arrived at his philosophic faith by the tortuous and uncertain road of observation? That faith was then new to me, and all Moxon’s expounding had failed to make me a convert; but now it seemed as if a great light shone about me, like that which fell upon Saul of Tarsus; and out there in the storm and darkness and solitude I experienced what Lewes calls “The endless variety and excitement of philosophic thought.” I exulted in a new sense of knowledge, a new pride of reason. My feet seemed hardly to touch the earth; it was as if I were uplifted and borne through the air by invisible wings. Yielding to an impulse to seek further light from him whom I now recognized as my master and guide, I had unconsciously turned about, and almost before I was aware of having done so found myself again at Moxon’s door. I was drenched with rain, but felt no discomfort. Unable in my excitement to find the doorbell I instinctively tried the knob. It turned and, entering, I mounted the stairs to the room that I had so recently left. All was dark and silent; Moxon, as I had supposed, was in the adjoining room—the “machine shop.” Groping along the wall until I found the communicating door I knocked loudly several times, but got no response, which I attributed to the uproar outside, for the wind was blowing a gale and dashing the rain against the thin walls in sheets. The drumming upon the shingle roof spanning the unceiled room was loud and incessant. I had never been invited into the machine-shop—had, indeed, been denied admittance, as had all others, with one exception, a skilled metal worker, of whom no one knew anything except that his name was Haley and his habit silence. But in my spiritual exaltation, discretion and civility were alike forgotten and I opened the door. What I saw took all philosophical speculation out of me in short order. Moxon sat facing me at the farther side of a small table upon which a single candle made all the light that was in the room. Opposite him, his back toward me, sat another person. On the table between the two was a chessboard; the men were playing. I knew little about chess, but as only a few pieces were on the board it was obvious that the game was near its close. Moxon was intensely interested—not so much, it seemed to me, in the game as in his antagonist, upon whom he had fixed so intent a look that, standing though I did directly in the line of his vision, I was altogether unobserved. His face was ghastly white, and his eyes glittered like diamonds. Of his antagonist I had only a back view, but that was sufficient; I should not have cared to see his face. He was apparently not more than five feet in height, with proportions suggesting those of a gorilla—tremendous breadth of shoulders, thick, short neck and broad, squat head, which had a tangled growth of black hair and was topped by a crimson fez. A tunic of the same color, belted tightly to the waist, reached the seat—apparently a box—upon which he sat; his legs and feet were not seen. His left forearm appeared to rest in his lap; he moved his pieces with his right hand, which seemed disproportionately long. I had shrunk back and now stood a little to one side of the doorway and in shadow. If Moxon had looked farther than the face of his opponent he could have observed nothing now, excepting that the door was open. Something forbade me either to enter or retire, a feeling—I know not how it came—that I was in the presence of imminent tragedy and might serve my friend by remaining. With a scarcely conscious rebellion against the indelicacy of the act I remained. The play was rapid. Moxon hardly glanced at the board before making his moves, and to my unskilled eye seemed to move the piece most convenient to his hand, his motions in doing so being quick, nervous and lacking in precision. The response of his antagonist, while equally prompt in the inception, was made with a slow, uniform, mechanical and, I thought, somewhat theatrical movement of the arm, that was a sore trial to my patience. There was something unearthly about it all, and I caught myself shuddering. But I was wet and cold. Two or three times after moving a piece the stranger slightly inclined his head, and each time I observed that Moxon shifted his king. All at once the thought came to me that the man was dumb. And then that he was a machine—an automaton chessplayer! Then I remembered that Moxon had once spoken to me of having invented such a piece of mechanism, though I did not understand that it had actually been constructed. Was all his talk about the consciousness and intelligence of machines merely a prelude to eventual exhibition of this device—only a trick to intensify the effect of its mechanical action upon me in my ignorance of its secret? A fine end, this, of all my intellectual transports—my “endless variety and excitement of philosophic thought!” I was about to retire in disgust when something occurred to hold my curiosity. I observed a shrug of the thing’s great shoulders, as if it were irritated: and so natural was this—so entirely human—that in my new view of the matter it startled me. Nor was that all, for a moment later it struck the table sharply with its clenched hand. At that gesture Moxon seemed even more startled than I: he pushed his chair a little backward, as in alarm. Presently Moxon, whose play it was, raised his hand high above the board, pounced upon one of his pieces like a sparrowhawk and with an exclamation “checkmate!” rose quickly to his feet and stepped behind his chair. The automaton sat motionless. The wind had now gone down, but I heard, at lessening intervals and progressively louder, the rumble and roll of thunder. In the pauses between I now became conscious of a low humming or buzzing which, like the thunder, grew momentarily louder and more distinct. It seemed to come from the body of the automaton, and was unmistakably a whirring of wheels. It gave me the impression of a disordered mechanism which had escaped the repressive and regulating action of some controlling part—an effect such as might be expected if a pawl should be jostled from the teeth of a ratchet-wheel. But before I had time for much conjecture as to its nature my attention was taken by the strange motions of the automaton itself. A slight but continuous convulsion appeared to have possession of it. In body and head it shook like a man with palsy or an ague chill, and the motion augmented every moment until the entire figure was in violent agitation. Suddenly it sprang to its feet and with a movement almost too quick for the eye to follow shot forward across table and chair, with both arms thrust forward to their full length—the posture and lunge of a diver. Moxon tried to throw himself backward out of reach, but he was too late: I saw the horrible thing’s hands close upon his throat, his own clutch its wrists. Then the table was overturned, the candle thrown to the floor and extinguished, and all was black dark. But the noise of the struggle was dreadfully distinct, and most terrible of all were the raucous, squawking sounds made by the strangled man’s efforts to breathe. Guided by the infernal hubbub, I sprang to the rescue of my friend, but had hardly taken a stride in the darkness when the whole room blazed with a blinding white light that burned into my brain and heart and memory a vivid picture of the combatants on the floor, Moxon underneath, his throat still in the clutch of those iron hands, his head forced backward, his eyes protruding, his mouth wide open and his tongue thrust out; and—horrible contrast!— upon the painted face of the assassin an expression of tranquil and profound thought, as in the solution of a problem in chess! This I observed, then all was blackness and silence. Three days later I recovered consciousness in a hospital. As the memory of that tragic night slowly evolved in my ailing brain I recognized in my attendant Moxon’s confidential workman, Haley. Responding to a look he approached, smiling. “Tell me about it,” I managed to say, faintly—”all about it.” “Certainly,” he said; “you were carried unconscious from a burning house—Moxon’s. Nobody knows how you came to be there. You may have to do a little explaining. The origin of the fire is a bit mysterious, too. My own notion is that the house was struck by lightning.” “And Moxon?” “Buried yesterday—what was left of him.” Apparently this reticent person could unfold himself on occasion. When imparting shocking intelligence to the sick he was affable enough. After some moments of the keenest mental suffering I ventured to ask another question: “Who rescued me?” “Well, if that interests you—I did.” “Thank you, Mr. Haley, and may God bless you for it. Did you rescue, also, that charming product of your skill, the automaton chess-player that murdered its inventor?” The man was silent a long time, looking away from me. Presently he turned and gravely said: “Do you know that?” “I do,” I replied; “I saw it done.” That was many years ago. If asked today I should answer less confidently. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posted in LiteratureTagged AI, Ambrose Bierce, androids, automaton, Chess, Full Text, Games Post navigation Previous Post Retreat from the Storm — Jean-François Millet Next Post The Doll — Hans Bellmer Your thoughts? Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. | | | Sunday Comics A place must be made for innocence | Gravity’s Rainbow, annotations and illustrations for page 419 RIP Leon Russell Nude — Egon Schiele Horror Vacui — Anselm Kiefer “We’re too broken up to go on” (Leonard Cohen) Leon Golub’s Mercenaries Goya’s The Disasters of War Cautioned to surrender (this I could not do) Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 Subscribe Said mario alejandro ramirez morales on RIP Leon Russell donesoverydone on RIP Leon Russell Nude — Egon Schiele — Biblioklept | Le Bien-Etre au bout des Doigts on Nude — Egon Schiele All art constantly aspires towards the condition of music Art Arts Book Book Acquired Books Books Acquired Christmas Comics Comix Cormac McCarthy David Foster Wallace David Lynch David Markson Death Design Documentary Donald Barthelme Edgar Allan Poe Emily Dickinson Fiction Film Franz Kafka full film Full Text girls reading Halloween Herman Melville illustration Interview Interviews James Joyce Lists Literature men reading Microfiction Moby-Dick Movies Music Nathaniel Hawthorne Note-Books Notebooks Novels nude Painting philosophy Photography Poem Poems Poetry Postmodernism Readers Reading Reviews riffs RIP Roberto Bolaño Short film Short Stories Short Story Slavoj Žižek Thomas Bernhard Thomas Pynchon Ulysses United States Video Vincent Van Gogh Walt Whitman Werner Herzog William Faulkner William Gaddis William T. Vollmann women reading Writers Writing TwitterMy Tweets Newish Sunday Comics A place must be made for innocence | Gravity’s Rainbow, annotations and illustrations for page 419 RIP Leon Russell Nude — Egon Schiele Horror Vacui — Anselm Kiefer “We’re too broken up to go on” (Leonard Cohen) Leon Golub’s Mercenaries Search for: Elsewhere 3:AM Magazine A Journey Round My Skull A Piece of Monologue Anatomy of Norbiton Asian Emoticon Asymptote bibliodyssey Bibliomanic BLCKDGRD Book Cents But Does It Float? Dangerous Minds Daniel Silliman Darran Anderson Gustave Doré's Don Quixote Hark! A Vagrant HTML GIANT Ironic Sans Jupiter Mission LOC Treasures Collection Luciferous Logolepsy Menthol Mountains Miette's Bedtime Story Podcast Moby Lives Page Pulp Roman Muradov Scarfolk Council Simple Ranger The Awful Possibilities The Casual Optimist The Howling Fantods The Millions The Offending Adam the online etymology dictionary The Quarterly Conversation The Reading Experience The Rumpus Times Flow Stemmed Triple Canopy UbuWeb Ulysses "Seen" Wag's Revue wood s lot Word Court Subscribe Blog at WordPress.com. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 8 October 2016 | MYT 8:00 AM Viv AI voice assistant heading to Samsung devices following buy-out A step forward: Viv is an intelligent voice assistant that can respond to questions formulated in natural language. — AFP Relaxnews Samsung has bought Viv Labs, an AI startup that developed a voice assistant capable of responding to natural language, marking a clear step forward in the firm's artificial intelligence strategy. According to Injong Rhee, CTO of Samsung's mobile communications business, the tech giant's aim is to offer customers the best user experience across all its products and in all situations. Beyond boosting the brand's upcoming smartphones, the Viv acquisition could potentially bring AI technology to all the South Korean tech firm's products (TVs, fridges, etc.). With Viv's technology, Samsung hopes to offer to its users a simplified and intelligent interface, and an AI-based virtual assistant that understands the user's context and offers the most appropriate and convenient suggestions and recommendations. Samsung's strategy echoes the recent announcements made by Google, whose freshly unveiled Pixel smartphones are the first to come with its new virtual assistant. This is much more advanced than Google Now, and can analyse elements displayed onscreen or in the device history to anticipate certain actions or requests. Artificial intelligence is one of the major fields of development in tech world. In this respect, Viv stands out from the competition as an open ecosystem that doesn't just offer preprogrammed replies. Instead, it writes them itself, as it goes along, and is capable of responding to questions formulated in natural language. According to its creators, Viv can, for example, answer a complex question with several elements, such as: "Will it be warmer than 70 degrees near Golden Gate Bridge after 5PM the day after tomorrow?" The assistant corroborates a multitude of contextual information from the Internet to formulate the most intelligible and accurate reply possible. Viv even writes its own code, evolving each time it answers new questions, whereas other voice assistants simply search for readymade answers. In fact, Viv promises to constantly hone its relevancy over time. Viv stands apart from other current voice assistants, which, as yet, are much more limited in their abilities. Current rivals include Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana and Amazon's Echo. Ironically, Viv Labs was co-founded by Dag Kittlaus and Adam Cheyer, who previously helped create Siri, which became Apple's voice assistant and a key rival for Samsung. — AFP Relaxnews You May Be Interested Two major Russian banks say hit by cyberattacks Deutsche Telekom says too early to see Trump impact M&A in US Rynet Malaysia offers training for PHP certification Sony releases list of games optimised for PS4 Pro Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Hamilton chills as others provide the thrills China to burn, not bury, as it tackles trash challenge Protect your business advertisement Latest News Zuckerberg again rejects claims of Facebook impact on US election CMU lands US$10mil gift to study ethical issues in robotics, technology Overwatch will be free to play for a weekend Rynet Malaysia offers training for PHP certification Facebook to stop ethnicity-based targeting for some ads Most Viewed in Tech Get yourself some dimsum Alibaba posts record Singles' Day sales Bangladesh retrieves a fifth of US$81mil stolen in cyber heist Overwatch will be free to play for a weekend CMU lands US$10mil gift to study ethical issues in robotics, technology Tech up your cooking Rynet Malaysia offers training for PHP certification Audi software can distort emissions in tests, VW says Legislature gives final approval to autonomous vehicle bills Facebook glitch turns user profiles into memorial pages Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. APP Frontpage Login   | Create Account Logout  |   Profile   |  Subscribe Follow Login New Account Logout Profile Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations PALEOPSYCHOLOGY 'Toxic white masculinity': What is it all about? Exclusive: Kent G. Bailey examines 'virulent disease' creating confusion across America Published: 10/09/2016 at 4:48 PM Kent G. Bailey About | Email | Archive Kent G. Bailey, Ph.D., is a retired professor of clinical psychology who specializes in Human Paleopsychology and the paleopolitics of human behavior. Subscribe to feed Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print The Duke Men’s Project, launched this month and hosted by the campus Women’s Center, offers a nine-week program for “male-identified” students that discusses male privilege, patriarchy, “the language of dominance,” rape culture, pornography, machismo and other topics, according to Fox News. In 2003, I coined the term “Politically Correct Psychosis,” or PCP. This serious and cognitively debilitating disorder emerges when the Marxist, liberal and progressivist crypto-religious worldview is challenged, and it is especially prevalent in highly educated, upper middle class, Caucasian populations in New York, Florida, and California. Virtually everyone in the New York Republic and its sympathizers suffer from it, and the mainstream media is pitifully at risk. The symptoms of PCP are set off by any imagined or implied threats toward certain populations favored by the leftist elite, including blacks, women, homosexuals, transgenders, immigrants and basically anyone other than Christian and conservative white males. When infected by highly contagious PCP, an otherwise sane and intelligent college professor, politician, entertainer or TV journalist will suddenly fall into a glassy-eyed state of mild cognitive retardation, repetition of stereotyped and meaningless phrases and an inability to engage in rational discourse. Ironically, so many people on the left suffer from PCP, they have come to accept inanity, silliness and irrationality as normal and even desirable. Watch just one episode of the “The View,” and PCP will be on vivid display. Politically Correct Psychosis is becoming a more virulent disease with each passing day, and it has produced so much confusion and pathology among the masses that many people cannot even decide what sex they are or which bathroom to use. We must all pray for a cure for this person-destroying and nation-destroying affliction. “Toxic white masculinity” is the latest and most outrageous outbreak of Politically Correct Psychosis. The term may have been coined by feminized men in the 1990s who were uncertain about their male roles, but it has recently morphed into an all-out feminist attack on the male of the species. The radical leftist website Salon.com has recently published a spate of articles on the topic including a mind-numbing and jingoistic rant to white America by ghetto philosopher Chauncey DeVega. He says toxic white masculinity is a type of cancer in America fueled by Fox News, backward right-wing politicians and, of course, those pesky and dangerous trouble makers – Christians. Since I am one of the deformed cells in the cancerous mass of white males in America, let me say a few words in defense of my race and gender: 1) First, as always, I argue that human beings cannot be understood – politically or otherwise – without understanding our species as expressed in our human nature. “Human Paleopsychology” represents my comprehensive take on human nature, but the reader may prefer some other approach. Any such approach must address matters of reproduction, sex-role differences, kinship and tribe, group differences and conflict, and religion and spiritual concerns. 2) Understanding the issue of the “toxic male” requires a deep understanding of the nature of sex differences in human beings. Men truly are from Mars and the women from Venus, and their differences and species responsibilities are monumentally large, indeed. Species-wise, as the gatherer of food and giver and nurturer of life, the female is the most important sex, but her life space and activities were limited mostly to the home base. The male hunter, by contrast, was a protector of women and children at home, but he ventured far and wide as a hunter, explorer and inventor of tools and implements of war. In his travels, he encountered numerous strangers with whom he either fought or, hopefully, established political bonds. 3) The life of the hunter male was exciting and even fun, I suspect, whereas that of the female was close and warm with female kin and children, but highly restrictive and dangerous in matters of pregnancy, childbirth and nursing and rearing of offspring. 4) Throughout post-caveman history, women have indeed been an oppressed class forced into sex, pregnancy, childbirth and marriage at an early age, and the lucky ones were the concubines and wives of wealthy husbands. Their world was one of children and other women and an occasional tryst with the king, prince, tribal leader or husband of a forced marriage. 5) In the early cave man stages of pagan fertility communities, some females may have served as “goddesses” of sorts, but there has never been a society since where women, as a group, ruled over men and the warrior class. Of course, there have been instances where women served effectively as leaders of groups or nations, but in every instance, the woman’s power was bestowed and maintained by men and not women. The so-called Amazons were more wish-fulfilling fantasy than reality, and there is little evidence of a true matriarchy in human history. 6) Today, feminist women and feminized liberal men are determined to not only rewrite European and American history, but the history of the species as well! They believe they can completely take over the country from the “toxic white men” who founded it and furnished it with virtually every invention in sight from the clock to the electric light, the Ford Model T, the Saturn rocket and, of course, the Internet – thanks to Al Gore. Read the works of historian Daniel Boorstein, and see who are the great discoverers, creators and developers of today’s amazing world – a virtual extravaganza of “toxic white men.” 7) What is this “toxic white male” thing all about, anyway? The answer-strained and fabricated notions about the literal “equality” of the sexes. Marxist liberals and their foot-soldier feminists are determined to produce equality in every nook and cranny of American culture even when it conflicts with human nature and objective reality. Thus, after 70 years of failure to usurp male influence and power, the new approach is to belittle, confuse, demean and ultimately disenfranchise men with the help of the media, the feminized universities and the Democratic Party. If you cannot compete with men or take their place by legitimate means, then just bitch them to death, reject and shame them out of existence. This is basically how tattletale sisters have dealt with their annoying brothers since the dawn of time, and this is exactly what Hillary and her crowd are attempting with the ultimate toxic white male – Donald Trump. Let’s conclude with a hypothetical mental experiment. Imagine a week in America where all the “oppressed” and disgruntled women and other man-haters were denied access to each and every invention that originated in the “toxic white male” mind, and they were also denied any and all protections from the police, military and, moreover, males in general. A quote from Camille Paglia’s epic “Sexual Personae” comes to mind here: “If civilization had been left in female hands we would still be living in grass huts” (p.38).   Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah Christians aren't grafted into a dead tree STATE OF MIND Gina Loudon The outsiders: Trump and Reagan ELECTION 2016 Jesse Lee Peterson President Trump, unite us against our enemies CULTURE WARS Chuck Norris A letter President Trump must answer WE THE PEOPLE Ben Kinchlow The Founders' faith and politics More Commentary » Deal of the Day Jonathan Cahn's 'The Book of Mysteries' – $4.95 today only! 'Revelations from heaven, answers to life's most enduring, age-old questions' Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2016. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
null
​ Eve Woman - Womans World : Make praise appropriate, not addictive ☰ Home Achieving Woman My Man Parenting Relationships Your Home Health Food Readers Lounge Glam Wedding Home › Article 2016-10-09 18:59:37 2016-10-09 18:57:11 The Standard : Eve Woman 40 58 250 385 Make praise appropriate, not addictive By John Muturi Sun 09th Oct 2016 Photo; Courtesy Praise is like icing on a cake. A little makes it taste better and too much will ruin everything. Children need your encouragement and love it when you recognize their accomplishments. But don’t ruin their trust by leading them to believe every little thing they do is worthy of adoration and a chorus of cheers. When they find out otherwise, they’ll be crushed and probably blame you for making them so needy of approval. Most of us have evolved as parents believing that showering a child with praise is like eating chocolate — the more the better. But complimenting children in certain ways may set them up to become praise addicts who look to their parents or others for validation all the time rather than developing an internal barometer for self-esteem and feelings of accomplishment and achievement. Children who are praised in such a way that evaluates them or their traits and abilities (known as person praise) are more likely to display helpless reactions when challenge with more difficult tasks than children who are praised because of effort or strategy. This means that children who are praised for self (traits such as physical attractiveness, intelligence, or possessions) are likely to deal poorly with problems and challenges than are children who are complimented for their work effort, regardless of prior success. Thus, when you compliment work effort, you often help lead your child to a solid work ethic that will continue to develop as she grows. When parents express appreciation for what a child has accomplished by focusing on the effort or the method used to accomplish the task, rather than by labeling or evaluating the child as a whole, this sets the stage for perseverance in later years. Praise for the effort, strategy and persistence that children put into their accomplishments recognizes their achievements than ability praise does. Children should be praised for how they do their work rather than for the final product or their IQ score. How not to raise a praise addict  - Praise the process rather than the person. See Also: Step-by-step development of your 11-month old baby How parents have embraced the long holiday Kizungumkuti: Should you test your house help for HIV? -  Say to your child; “Stacking blocks is tough for a little guy like you, let’s keep trying.” Rather than “You’re so smart. Stacking blocks will be a piece of cake!” Be specific Praise so that your children will understand exactly what behavior you are complimenting. Say, “That was a tough math problem and I saw that you were becoming frustrated. But you stuck with it,” rather than. “Good job on your math homework.” Praise often, but don’t overdo it Too much praise tends to water down the effectiveness and purpose of complimenting. Many children and teenagers complain that they are skeptical of their parents’ praise because, “It’s just my mum saying I’m pretty. She has to say that because she’s my mother.” If you want your children to trust and to believe in you, then you have to be believable. Love unconditionally, but praise conditionally No matter what your children do, you certainly love them. However, they don’t need to be enveloped with compliments around the clock — it’s too much for them to absorb and to believe, and too draining for you. You can be an effective parent if you praise only when it’s deserved. Our children will develop their self-concept largely from how the real world treats them. And most of us are respected for our work ethic, not just for showing up or for what we possess. Recommended for you Step-by-step development of your 11-month old baby Sat 12th Nov 2016 How parents have embraced the long holiday Sat 12th Nov 2016 Kizungumkuti: Should you test your house help for HIV? Thu 10th Nov 2016 My Mwende has a Wafula! I’m finished Thu 10th Nov 2016 How to ace that diaper change Wed 09th Nov 2016 The good, the bad and ugly experiences of a young mother. Tue 08th Nov 2016 Reasons as to why breast milk isn't overrated Tue 08th Nov 2016 Crucial things to watch out for in baby's first year of development Tue 08th Nov 2016 Why you should be careful about sleeping your infant on sofas Tue 08th Nov 2016 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ​ ADVERTISEMENT LATEST STORIES Planning to build a house? No short-cuts, this is what you should consider Veronica CheropSun 13 Nov 2016 Simple ways on how to have flawless, fresh foundation all day Naomi MruttuSun 13 Nov 2016 How 'kuku choma' led to pizza then the big I Do Wilberforce OkwiriSun 13 Nov 2016 What you need to know about stroke Vip OgolaSun 13 Nov 2016 Can one dye a human hair weave? Find out! Renee WesongaSun 13 Nov 2016 My baby daddy is my uncle. How do I tell my son? TaurusSun 13 Nov 2016 When Clandes make a fuss about baby daddy's riches after he dies Kamau MuthoniSun 13 Nov 2016 I'm I a boy or a girl? My secret dilemma Nanjinia WamuswaSun 13 Nov 2016 Steps to creating goals that work Tania NgimaSat 12 Nov 2016 He left me as soon as he discovered I had fibroids TaurusSat 12 Nov 2016 ADVERTISEMENT TRENDING STORIES Can one dye a human hair weave? Find out! Renee Wesonga Sun 13 Nov 2016 How 'kuku choma' led to pizza then the big I Do Wilberforce Okwiri Sun 13 Nov 2016 I'm I a boy or a girl? My secret dilemma Nanjinia Wamuswa Sun 13 Nov 2016 My baby daddy is my uncle. How do I tell my son? Taurus Sun 13 Nov 2016 Planning to build a house? No short-cuts, this is what you should consider Veronica Cherop Sun 13 Nov 2016 What you need to know about stroke Vip Ogola Sun 13 Nov 2016 When Clandes make a fuss about baby daddy's riches after he dies Kamau Muthoni Sun 13 Nov 2016 Sexual Prowess? Four things you should never tell your girlfriends about your man Naomi Kamau Thu 10 Nov 2016 How to date a girl born in the 1990s Silas Nyanchwani Thu 10 Nov 2016 Why it’s difficult to dump or divorce a Kenyan woman MIke Mswati Wed 09 Nov 2016 NEWS Kenya World Politics Business Opinion Health Magazines Sports Lifestyle RSS Feeds ENTERTAINMENT Gossip Pulse Entertainment News Celebs Video Reviews Events Spritual Gallery Crazy Monday STANDARD DIGITAL SITES Standard Digital Mobile KTN Home KTN News Radio Maisha Standard Digital Entertainment EveWoman Game Yetu The Nairobian uReport Epaper Corporate Jobs OTHER LINKS Contact Us Rate Card Tenders Vacancies DCX O.M Portal Corporate Email Terms & Conditions Privacy Contact Us © 2016 Standard Media Group. Standard Digital. Standard Digital Entertainment. Permission to use quotations of upto 75 words from this website is granted subject to appropriate credit being given to www.evewoman.co.ke as the source
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts Jobs News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All Living All Living Joe Wicks Real Life Dear Deidre Fabulous Virals Sun Mums Travel Money Health Sex Fashion and beauty Food Horoscopes Puzzles Mrs Crunch The end is nigh Aliens, disease or ‘grey goo’… here’s how scientists think humans will eventually go EXTINCT Scientists have spent decades obsessing over our extinction, and some of their terrifying theories are far more plausible than you'd think By GEORGE HARRISON 9th October 2016, 1:35 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments HUMANS have walked the earth for over a million years, but how much longer does our species have left? Scientists have spent decades obsessing over how humans will go extinct, and some of their terrifying theories are far more plausible than you’d like to think. We’ve seen nightmare scenarios unfold in countless disaster movies, but we all know that one day our species will be no more. Whilst it’s possible that our population could decline naturally, or that we will evolve into a new, better species, there are also some less comforting theories about human extinction. From angry aliens to grey goo, here are some of science’s most terrifying takes on how humans will go extinct… Alamy 8 Researchers have always obsessed over how our species will go extinct… and there are some terrifying theories flying around A pandemic Some theorists believe that an unstoppable disease will tear through the ever-growing human population – and it may end up being so deadly that nobody can live through it. A virus capable of using other species as carriers could conceivably infect every human on Earth, just as terrifying antibiotic-resistant bacteria poses a threat to our very existence. Getty Images 8 An antibiotic-resistant strain of bacteria, or a deadly virus which spreads between species, could spell the end for humanity Nuclear or biological war If a third world war were to break out, then the next arms race could signal the beginning of the end for our species. Earth-shattering nuclear weapons could develop even further, or omnicidal terrorists could weaponise an antibiotic-resistant disease and unleash it on the world. Alamy 8 A full-scale nuclear conflict would wipe out nearly all humans on Earth, and the survivors would struggle to cope in an irradiated wasteland Grey goo As nanotechnology advances, humans are becoming better at making sophisticated, tiny robots, which could one day be capable of self replicating and building more of themselves. Scientists worry that a self-replicating robot could theoretically consume everything on the planet as it clones itself over and over again, as part of a scenario known as “grey goo.” Alamy 8 Scientists could one day develop microscopic robots which can clone themselves – and consume the planet in the process Black holes or asteroids Threats from space are just as terrifying – an asteroid could wipe out humans the same way it could have wiped out the dinosaurs. Alternatively, a black hole could consume the planet, and there were even fears that the atom-smashing Hadron Collider would accidentally create one on Earth. Alamy 8 A black hole could swallow up Earth, and nobody knows what would happen to the planet if it did Alien invasion Another extraterrestrial threat comes in the form of a dangerous alien species, which could destroy or conquer earth with their superior technology. Scientists actually believe this is a possibility, although they conclude that it’s very unlikely. Alamy 8 A militarily-advanced race of angry aliens could enslave or destroy humanity, if they ever came across us AI The creators of the first super-intelligent AI could end up being outsmarted by it – and it could be capable of destroying the world. Researchers fear that Artificial Intelligence could lead to the creation of robot armies, or one god-like computer being with the power to wipe out humanity. 8 Killer robots could take over the world, especially if a researcher were to develop artificial intelligence to command them Habitat threats The expanding Sun will eventually become so powerful that the Earth’s oceans will start to evaporate, and our planet’s climate will change forever. Before then, the extinction of other species, pollution or natural changes in the Earth’s atmosphere may make our planet uninhabitable. Alamy 8 As the Sun expands, it will change Earth’s climate – and eventually swallow up the entire planet Related Stories ZUCKMAGEDDON Facebook boss Mark Zuckerberg speaks out over fears killer robots will wipe out humanity DEEP IMPACT NASA sends robotic spacecraft on mission to intercept asteroid threatening to WIPE OUT humanity BEGINNING OF THE END? Experts reckon humans have already sparked Earth's sixth 'great extinction' nasa fears NASA launches probe to investigate huge asteroid it fears could one day hit Earth DARK TIMES AHEAD Supermassive black hole will SWALLOW THE EARTH, astronomer warns Topics Science Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in Living Fast food gets faster McDonald's is going to let you use your phone to pay and order in advance Living CHRISTMAS NUMBER ONE People are saying Marks & Spencer's Christmas advert is BETTER than John Lewis' Living Trump trumpet Terrifying 'apocalypse sound' heard throughout the world is being blamed on Trump's election win Living Better chance of buying a dodo Hatchimals SELL OUT as parents flock to buy this year's £60 must-have Christmas toy Living OH BROTHER! Remember Big Brother’s Orlaith McAllister? Well she looks even hotter now Living 'The best so far' Waitrose joins the battle of the Christmas ads and people think it beats John Lewis AND Marks & Spencer Living IS HEALTHY EATING MAKING YOU FAT? From secret sugars to second-helpings, we reveal the 4 most common dieting downfalls Living Dear Deidre I've been having sex with three amazing women but now I can't choose whether to leave lovers or my wife Living 'The shameless, audacious bawler' Nostradamus predicted Trump's victory and said it would trigger the end of the world Living DEAR DEIDRE I'm pregnant after the ultimate dirty weekend... and my baby has three potential fathers Living Exclusive 'Every girl has faked an orgasm' Perrie Edwards and the Little Mix girls talk boyfriends, body image and saucy selfies Living A White House Christmas John Lewis Christmas ad gets a hilarious makeover with Obama and Hillary... and you can probably… Living Video ET Invasion Fears Alien hunters in a frenzy after 'burning UFO' is caught on camera flying over Peruvian capital Living BETTER SEX Women should try 'de-armouring' their vagina to improve their sex lives, according to a new concept Living Insta-sham? Blogger who poses for photos all over the world finds a woman has been FOLLOWING her and mimicking her poses Living Most Popular Fast food gets faster McDonald's is going to let you use your phone to pay and order in advance Living Video FIX FACTOR Honey G reveals she's got a track lined up for next week's X Factor... moments after learning theme TV & Showbiz Exclusive EMILY'S OUT ON STREET Corrie legend Eileen Derbyshire leaves soap after 55yrs - ending reign as its longest serving actress TV & Showbiz Exclusive TRAM 'TEXT' HORROR Croydon tram crash driver was 'texting' as vehicle sped round corner 'significantly' above the permitted… News Latest THE WALL WILL BE BUILT Donald Trump says he will 'immediately' deport three million illegal immigrants and insists he WILL… News CHRISTMAS NUMBER ONE People are saying Marks & Spencer's Christmas advert is BETTER than John Lewis' Living back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz LIZARD MAN DEAD Tattooed biker gang enforcer known as 'Lizard Man' and ex-girlfriend found dead in apartment News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News 'WHy are you even on the show?' Xtra Factor viewer angers Nicole Scherzinger by trolling Ryan Lawrie live on air TV & Showbiz It's back! Michelle Keegan's wedding ring returns as she wows in strapless dress alongside handsome husband Mark Wright TV & Showbiz Trump trumpet Terrifying 'apocalypse sound' heard throughout the world is being blamed on Trump's election win Living KEEPING OFF THE RADAR 'Bored' missing schoolboy, 15, could be using Bear Grylls' survival skills to stay alive News 'SCREW YOU' Jacqueline Jossa hits out at online trolls who claimed she was pregnant with baby number 2 TV & Showbiz CHRISTMAS STARTS TOMORROW Amazon launches massive 12-day sale BEFORE Black Friday super sale with discounts up to 87% News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile Photo Gallery Videos SPORTS Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science SHOWBIZ Red Hot Reviews Movies Glamtalk Bookworm TV Celebrity Romance Recipes Pics Video And More HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO 290 US votes for trump 232 NewsTrump's JourneyHillary Accepts DefeatResult AnalysisWorld ViewHistoryAstroPics Latest News » Science & Environment » Environment ﻿ Longer yawns may correlate to bigger brain size, claims study Last Updated: Sunday, October 9, 2016 - 19:00 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Image for representational purpose only Zee Media Bureau Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi: As per a new study, a longer yawn may correlate to a much bigger brain size, say experts. Further, researchers say that the animals with bigger brain tend to be more variable in the length of their yawns. Researchers from the State University of New York in the US looked at the videos of 29 mammals yawning to calculate the average length of their yawns. The animals had their brain weight already documented in an earlier research. When the researchers crunched the numbers, they realised that brain weight and the number of neurons in the outer layer of the brain called cortex can reliably predict yawn length. For instance, gorillas, horses, walruses and African elephants may have huge sizes but they have shorter yawns than humans because the size of their brains are smaller compared with ours. The findings suggest that the length of yawn does not correlate to the size of the body but to the size of the brain, 'Tech Times' reported. The research team led by Andrew Gallup, from the State University of New York also found that the animals with bigger brain were more variable in the length of their yawns. According to Liz Cirulli Rogers, from Duke University School of Medicine, it is possible that more intelligent animals have different types of yawn in response to different stimuli while the less-intelligent ones only have one type of yawn. "We show that both the mean and variance in yawn duration are robust predictors of mammalian brain weight and cortical neuron number," Gallup added. (With PTI inputs) First Published: Sunday, October 9, 2016 - 19:00 More from zeenews   India New chiefs of CBI, Intelligence Bureau and R&AW in new year, search on: Report Indo-Japan N-deal: Govt says accompanying note on reasons for termination of pact not binding on India Have more projects in mind to end corruption; ready to face consequences, says PM Narendra Modi More from India World Violence in northern Syria kills 23 Bulgaria PM quits after pro-Russia candidate wins presidential vote Sorrowful France marks first anniversary of Paris massacre More from World Sports Valencia Grand Prix: Jorge Lorenzo signs off at Yamaha with season finale victory, secures third behind Marc Marquez and Valentino Rossi ATP Tour Finals: Gritty Novak Djokovic avoids Dominic Thiem upset in London Usain Bolt to Borussia Dortmund: World's fastest man to join German giants for training More from Sports Entertainment Mindsets and self-regulation of students impact their ability to learn: Study Infants seated in car for long can lead to suffocation risk, says study Kumkum Bhagya - Episode 711: Abhi leaves in quest for Pragya More from Entertaiment Health With a surge in diabetic retinopathy, does India have enough avenues to deal with it? Flu shots, access to medication help kids combat asthma Winter special: Get rid of cracked heels with these simple home remedies! More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Note ban: PM Modi pledges fifty days; is India ready to cooperate? Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money Dr Subhash Chandra Show: Know the importance of having a purpose in life Note ban: Dr Subhash Chandra appeals to people for patience and time Watch: People have to wait in long queues at ATM's and banks OMG! Locals cut open giant snake... guess what comes out next – this viral video crossed over 2 lakh views DISTURBING VIDEO: Man dies of heart attack while talking to family - Weak-hearted people SHOULDN'T WATCH Demonetisation: Banks issue new series of Rs 500 notes Bigg Boss 10: This is what Salman Khan has to say about Narendra Modi's demonetisation masterstroke Govt looking into sudden 'propping up' of money in Jan Dhan account deposits TAGS yawn longer yawn bigger brain size State university New York Photos At the lux awards last night- Shahid Kapoor, It's cold in #geneva #switzerland- Mallika Sherawat Sudarsan Pattnaik has created a sand art, Jackie Chan at the 2016 Governors Awards, Meri Jaan Hindustan marathon India vs England 2016 : 1st Test, Rajkot Top Videos Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money Note ban: PM Modi pledges fifty days; is India ready to cooperate? Earthquake of intensity 7.4 hits New Zealand; tsunami alert issued Note ban: Dr Subhash Chandra appeals to people for patience and time More from other Sections Brazilian Grand Prix: Lewis Hamilton wins chaotic race, Nico Rosberg comes second Live updates, AUS vs SA 2016: 2nd Test, Day 3 – Proteas take 241-run lead after Quinton de Kock's ton Bigg Boss 10: Navin Prakash gets evicted; India wale upset Shah Rukh Khan is comfortable with women, says Katrina Kaif World Diabetes Day 2016: How can diabetes affect your eyes? Protein drives inflammation in rheumatoid arthritis patients contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Red Hot Reviews Movies Glam Talk Bookworm Recipes TV Celebrity Romance Pics Videos And More Exclusive Blogs sports Cricket Football World Motorsports Golf Others Softspot Debate Blogs Exclusive Pics Videos business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business Photo Gallery India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Malayalam Kerala Districts India World Sports Movies Health NRI Photos Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2016 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
null
null
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 11 °C Monday 14 November, 2016 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Opinion Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags Centre for Talented Youth Children Cyberbullying Gifted Children Intelligence See other tags Tags Saturday 8 Oct, 2016 http://jrnl.ie/3015626 Three challenges of being an exceptionally gifted child - cyberbullying, underachieving and money “If we were talking about ensuring that children with learning difficulties were getting the best education they possibly could – this wouldn’t even be questioned.” Oct 8th 2016, 6:20 AM 14,636 Views 22 Comments Share447 Tweet Email2 Image: Shutterstock/suzanna WHAT ARE THE challenges facing young, exceptionally-talented children in Ireland? That is one of the questions that will be asked at the Centre for Talented Youth Ireland’s annual conference in DCU today. The conference will address teachers and parents on how to maximise gifted children’s potential – as the system doesn’t quite encourage that approach. Among the issues that will be discussed at the conference are cyberbullying, and how gifted children are more reluctant to report it; talented children’s underachievement in our schools, and how to provide support for gifted children from disadvantaged backgrounds. Cyberbullying One of the most puzzling findings of research into exceptionally gifted children is that although they are just as likely to be the victims of cyberbullying, they are also less likely to report incidences of it. This is mainly because they were afraid that their claims would be exaggerated by their parents or teachers, and because they feared that their privileges, such as internet access, would be taken away from them. Colm O’Reilly, the Director of the Centre for Talented Youth Ireland (CTYI) said: Another big challenge that needs to be addressed is that children really struggle to pinpoint exactly what is social interaction online, and what is bullying. We need to help them understand the difference. Underachieving “We all have a particular talent – but it’s one with a bad reputation” Colm O’Reilly also says that the education system has to change. He says that the system is geared towards ensuring everyone reaches a basic minimum – instead of getting everyone to reach their maximum potential. “Teachers must ensure that the child is challenged.” If we were talking about ensuring that children with learning difficulties were getting the best education they possibly could – this wouldn’t even be questioned. “But because we’re talking about bright kids it seems to be not as accepted and people seem more reluctant to push them ahead.” There are approximately 40,000 children who are classed as being ‘exceptionally-gifted’ or reaching the top 5% of the most intelligent young people. Money and programmes Source: Shutterstock/Brian A Jackson Children from disadvantaged are particularly challenged in their attempt to reach their full potential. Eamonn Caroll is currently researching how best to support gifted children from disadvantaged backgrounds with a pilot programme LEAP. It will offer extra supports to 26 chidlren in their education between 4th class and 6th year, in an effort to show them the advantages of learning, and ensure they know of the opportunities open to them. This includes courses over the summer, and hosted once a month during the school year, such as a mathematical skills course, a correspondence course in August, a game-based learning course, and a personality test to see what language suits you best. They also run a Primary School Programme in conjunction with DCU Access. This involved running extra courses on DCU’s campus for 38 primary schools in the Coolock/Finglas area. We have classes such as Horrid Histories to show the kids how much fun learning can be. It also introduces them to the university atmosphere which they may not have experienced before – and it does very well. There are newly-launched programmes in Dublin Cork and Limerick, where the CTYI work with teachers and universities to identify gifted children from disadvantaged backgrounds, and to suggest that they are enrolled in further activities to help open up opportunities for them. Around 300 primary school children and 100 adolescents are selected by teachers on the basis of interest, potential and other guidelines set out by the CTYI. The biggest understatement, according to Caroll who will be speaking at the conference today, is that financial support isn’t the only support needed by children from disadvantaged backgrounds. Often, they need additional emotional support and guidance to pursue further education options. The conference, which will be held in the Nursing Building on DCU’s campus today, aims to raise awareness that gifted youths need their own personalised approach to ensure they get the best education possible. Read: Over 500 parents and children protest at the Dáil over delayed school build Read: Here’s a look at the world’s 5 big health findings – and how Ireland compares Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: Gráinne Ní Aodha grainne@thejournal.ie See more articles by Gráinne Ní Aodha Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/gifted-children-in-ireland-3015626-Oct2016/?embedpost=3015626&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/gifted-children-in-ireland-3015626-Oct2016/?embedpost=3015626&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/gifted-children-in-ireland-3015626-Oct2016/?embedpost=3015626&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “Three challenges of being an exceptionally gifted child - cyberbullying, underachieving and money”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “Three challenges of being an exceptionally gifted child - cyberbullying, underachieving and money”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit Comments (22 Comments) Ordered By: Popularity Popularity Date Leave a comment Add New Comment Log in to comment: Logged in as You are connected with your account. Log out Share This Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Submit Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions Postnatal depression: The last taboo? Lindsay Robinson It is assumed that having a baby is a time of great joy, love and excitement. Yet I felt unable to cope after the birth, writes Lindsay Robinson. Opinion: It's been a poor start to Enda's national conversation about porn Caroline Ryan There have been a lot of questionable claims about porn in the past fortnight, writes Caroline Ryan. Opinion: 'Tuesday was a dark day for feminism but we'll keep fighting' Emily McManus Through the course of this election, as women we endured a lot, writes Emily McManus. Most Popular Today 1 At least two killed as massive earthquake hits New Zealand 55,956  45 2 Woman attacked by man while walking to work 36,016  22 3 Nigel Farage pictured with Donald Trump inside gold lift 29,287  95 1 'In-jokes' and gutsy design - the secrets to an unforgettable logo 2,694  0 2 The man responsible for selling Pokémon Go: 'This is a marathon, not a sprint' 156  0 3 Supermarkets' obsession with perfect produce is causing massive food waste 63  0 1 Conor McGregor stops Eddie Alvarez to win UFC lightweight title and make history 121,110  165 2 Daddy-to-be McGregor demands ownership stake in the UFC as he hints at hiatus 45,058  65 3 As it happened: Munster, Leinster, Connacht club football - Sunday GAA liveblog 32,386  8 1 Conor McGregor just announced he's going to be a dad after his historic win 126,796  33 2 Just 19 tweets all married couples will identify with, HARD 11,079  0 3 People are going mad for these gin-filled Christmas tree baubles 6,602  0 Trending Tags PLANNING Dealz planning violations: Dublin council refuses to issue enforcement notice 7 essential tips from Electric Picnic veterans Developer wins case over rejected planning for €75 million south county Dublin development PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing GARDAí Man dies in two-vehicle crash in Limerick Gardaí seize €300,000 worth of cannabis in organised crime crackdown Man to be charged in relation to shooting earlier this month DUBLIN In pics: The 2016 TG4/LGFA All-Star awards Woman attacked by man while walking to work 'Back row, back three, even front row; there's some tough decisions' HILLARY CLINTON Opinion: 'Tuesday was a dark day for feminism but we'll keep fighting' Hillary Clinton blames FBI director for her election loss Donald Trump is now sounding a lot keener on some parts of Obamacare OPINION Opinion: It's been a poor start to Enda's national conversation about porn Why James McClean is the antithesis of the stereotypical modern footballer Opinion: O'Neill's magic touch has Ireland producing big results again ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2016 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Three challenges of being an exceptionally gifted child - cyberbullying, underachieving and money Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
+ The Future Of Advertising A PSFK Report On The New Rules of Consumer Engagement READ THE NEW REPORT Trend Reports Consulting Experts Membership Events PSFK Launches Future of Retail 2017 Loading... menu Explore by Industry Industry> Automotive Beauty Consumer Goods Education Entertainment Fashion Finance Fitness & Sport Food Health Home Media Retail Technology Travel Demographic Demographic> Boomers Kids Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Location> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Trending> Food Sports Retail Work Activity Activity> Advertising Branding CRM Design & Architecture Experiential Product Launch Research About Consulting Events Experts Membership Reports Wallkit AI Expert: How the Fourth Industrial Revolution Will Impact Our Lives Op-Ed Doc PDF PPTX Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Anant Kale, Co-Founder and CEO of AppZen, explores how artificial intelligence will profoundly affect the way we structure our workforce PSFK Op-Eds 7 october 2016 We hear about artificial intelligence (AI) advancements every day, and it is disrupting every business and type of work. Google’s deep learning machine defeats the world’s top player in the game of Go, IBM Watson outthinks rivals at Jeopardy, Tesla’s autopilot plots a revolution in how we drive, and Uber lets customers call for a self-driving car. The first industrial revolution mechanized production using steam power, the second gave us the assembly line for mass production and the third industrial revolution gave us advanced automation using IT and electronics. We are at the cusp of a fourth industrial revolution driven by artificial intelligence, robotics, and web services. This latest revolution is proving to be the most disruptive yet, taking automation to levels most of us can’t imagine. Does this mean that with “thinking” machines we will not need drivers to drive our cars anymore? Or doctors to diagnosis the sick? Let’s analyze what happened in the manufacturing industry, an area where robotics is widespread – such that even China, which is considered the manufacturing capital of the world due to its cheap labor, is now undergoing a robot revolution. Chinese companies are now the largest investors in and buyers of manufacturing robots. This is a great opportunity for American companies, which over the past decades have sent their jobs abroad. With robotic manufacturing, offshore production is increasingly returning to developed countries to be closer to their customers and respond more rapidly to changes in demand – all possible due to efficient and fast robotic manufacturing where labor costs are now a minor component of the final product cost. A study by The Boston Consulting Group estimates that in areas such as transport, computers, and fabricated metals and machinery, 10-30% of the goods America imports from China could be made at home by 2020, boosting American output by $20-$55 billion a year. Intelligent Assistants Will Create A More Satisfying Customer Service Experience What we have seen unfold in the physical word of manufacturing is also happening in the service industry. Over the years, back office work—customer service, finance and accounting, medical transcription, data process and more—have seen their jobs outsourced as companies refocus to their core strengths and look to lower cost countries for peripheral functions, often to BPO shops. We all know the results, terrible customer service, data privacy issues and lack of context, but in the bottom-line focused corporate environment, they achieve the objective of lowering short-term costs. Robotic process automation uses artificial intelligence to automate tasks that human workers perform. These tasks typically require reading, understanding and deciding. Adding intelligent thinking capabilities to automation provides the opportunity to accomplish these tasks faster, cheaper and far more effectively. The results are better customer service, faster customer invoicing, lower procurement costs, and increased compliance. With an AI-driven system, automating business processes is not only grunt work taken off the backs of knowledge workers, they now have the time and resources available to analyze and evaluate strategies to achieve better results. Companies who were taking the ‘minimum viable process’ route to provide compliance now have the opportunity to use the compliance process as a tool to reduce spend, as well as negotiate better contracts with larger discounts. How AI Will Make The Back Office More Efficient And Increase Opportunities For Premium Jobs At AppZen, which provides AI-powered automation for expense report auditing, we have seen this happen. One of our customers, a global high-tech manufacturer, was struggling with expense report review and audit. They had spread out their expense-processing team across the US, Asia and Eastern Europe, but still could not manually audit more than 4% of the expense reports being submitted. There was obviously money being left on the table in undetected fraud and misuse. In addition, the company was exposed to compliance risk, as not every expense report in the company was being scrutinized. A little-known fact is that this is not an exception, but a very common practice in expense report back office processing. Finance and accounting teams find it too expensive to review every expense report, verify every receipt and check every expense. To have some level of compliance, the common practice is to randomly select expense reports for manual review. However, by using AI technology to read, understand and review every expense, a company’s back office team can audit 100% of expense reports – enabling them to spend their time reviewing only the fraction of expenses that require their knowledge and experience to examine. The end result is that the expense processing staff still has their jobs, except now they’re able to make more effective use of their time and expertise. The introduction of artificial intelligence systems will evolve how we perform work in the service sector. While some jobs will be eliminated, new jobs will spring up that place a premium on knowledge, expertise, and experience rather than time-consuming repetitive tasks. Customer service agents replaced by AI-based chat bots will answer most customer questions – reducing the wasted time and frustration so common for customers today. Consumers using AI systems will find it tough to differentiate between interactions with real humans vs. AI-based assistants. This AI-driven fourth industrial revolution will impact every aspect of our lives, but will ultimately lead to the same results as previous revolutions – increased productivity, efficiency, and new and smarter ways of doing work. As CEO of AppZen, Anant Kale is responsible for the development the company’s vision, building the team and execution. Anant has more than 15 years of experience in developing complex software. Prior to AppZen, he served as Vice President of Applications at Fujitsu America, where he was responsible for strategy, product management and delivery of Fujitsu’s mission critical applications and infrastructure for enterprise, mobile and commerce. Anant earned an MBA from the University of Mumbai in Finance and Engineering. Op-Ed Doc PDF PPTX Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Trending PSFK Features: Download Your Content On The Go PSFK Posted October 7, 2016 Market Research Travel november 11, 2016 Winter Cabin Designed To Survive Extreme Conditions Designed by OFIS Architects, the structure for mountaineers is perched at the top of Mount Kanin on only a small footprint of rock Retail november 11, 2016 Husband Nursery Promotes Relaxation In Shanghai The Vanke Mall has created a special room where the significant others of shoppers can sit down and relax Trending Get PSFK's Related Report: Impact Debrief See All Media & Publishing november 11, 2016 Interactive TV Show Lets Viewers Choose The Ending Terror - Your Verdict takes place in a courtroom with viewers acting as the jury, and their verdict will determine the final conclusion of the show Design november 11, 2016 A Robotic Garden Is Roaming Around London The project from Interactive Architecture Lab is meant to increase the interaction between people and nature PSFK Membership Free trial: Get full access to the PSFK Creative Intelligence Portal for 30 days Related Expert Abigail Posner Digital Strategy, Emotion and Technology Technology november 11, 2016 Tablet Uploads Digital Sketches In Real Time The Slate from iSKN gives artists the feeling of hand-drawn pieces with the convenience of digital manipulation Retail november 11, 2016 Story's "Home For The Holidays" Installation Has A Gift For Everyone The ever-changing retailer has also partnered with Microsoft's Surface line, as well as entrepreneurial figures Sophia Amoroso and David Kidder, for a curated collection of gift bundles Food november 11, 2016 Why Is There A Three-Month Waiting List For This $350 Toaster? Balmuda is a hybrid device that uses a combination of steam and heat to create the perfect piece of toast PSFK LABS REPORT Future Of Retail 2017 Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business NEW PSFK Op-Ed november 7, 2016 General Electric: Lighting’s Impact On Sleep Is More Than The Off Switch Jeff Patton, General Manager of Connected Home Products at GE Lighting, uncovers how lighting technologies can affect our sleep cycles PSFK Labs november 10, 2016 The Future Of Retail 2017: Adapting To The Contemporary Consumer Industry experts provide insights into how retailers are implementing customer-first organizations Travel november 11, 2016 Free Luggage Wrapping Serves As Traveling Advertisements Samsonite offered complimentary protective plastic covering to passengers at a Spanish airport with a tongue-in-cheek message Media & Publishing november 11, 2016 Storytelling Is A 35,000-Year-Old Tool We Use To Build Relationships Director & Producer Ryan Beickert on why branded content isn’t just a trend in the industry but an evolution of advertising altogether PSFK Labs Reports Learn How: Download latest trends reports and business playbooks PSFK Labs Change now: Hire trend researchers, product conceptors and innovation experts Market Research november 11, 2016 The Future Of Retail 2017 Report Is Available On Slideshare View a summary presentation of our latest trends report for a limited time Home november 11, 2016 Airbnb Recreates A Finnish Cabin In The Heart Of Paris The 100-day installation gives visitors an immersive experience of Finnish hospitality PSFK Videos Watch Now: Study hundreds of change makers sharing their insights Consumer Goods november 11, 2016 CoverGirl Signs Its First Hijab-Wearing Beauty Ambassador Beauty vlogger Nura Afia has signed on to be the company's brand representative PSFK LABS REPORT Future Of Work Cultivating The Next Generation Of Leaders NEW Design & Architecture november 11, 2016 These Book Bags Let You Wear Your Favorite Novel Russian design duo created the purses to look like literary classics, cover and all Entertainment november 11, 2016 Kickstarter Live Lets Creators Stream Straight To Their Backers The platform helps develop a closer connection between makers and those funding a project PSFK Events Attend Now: Join us at one of our innovation and trend debriefs Technology november 11, 2016 Portable Lunchbox Oven Creates The Perfect Office Meal The HeatsBox is a mini-cooking device that lets people heat up their lunch evenly within 15 minutes No search results found. add to: daily weekly subscribe Saved Search {{watchlistItem.title}} daily weekly subscribe 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Saved Keywords Email Alerts Favorites 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Shared 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Enterprise Content Monetization Platform. Custom-built, to meet your revenue model.Learn more The Future Of Retail 2017 Report Is Available On Slideshare Market Research Why Is There A Three-Month Waiting List For This $350 Toaster? Advertising Tablet Uploads Digital Sketches In Real Time Arts & Culture Winter Cabin Designed To Survive Extreme Conditions Design & Architecture Husband Nursery Promotes Relaxation In Shanghai Retail Portable Lunchbox Oven Creates The Perfect Office Meal Technology Free Luggage Wrapping Serves As Traveling Advertisements Travel Music Subscription Service Pairs Craft Beer With Vinyl Food How Technology Could Change The Way We Manage Our Closets Fashion Modular Device Gives Any Car Augmented Reality Capabilities Automotive [Stat] Google Chrome reaches over 2 billion active installs [Insight] What a more unified Android experience mean for developers and consumers [News] Netflix introduces offline downloadable content options only for emerging markets [Insight] How Amazon Alexa and Google home offer a different approach to the home and privacy [Insight] Airbnb responds with a video to allegations of racial bias in the sharing community [Stat] Google Home is projected to overtake Amazon’s Echo in market share by 2020 [Insight] Take a look at The Verge’s new design and layout [News] Facebook adds support for Prisma art filters [News] Everlane opens a new retail space dedicated to cashmere [News] T-Mobile introduces a new device to bring WiFi access to cars [Insight] How a silicon valley investor played a big role in marijuana legalization in California [News] Facebook’s new job posting feature is a direct challenge to LinkedIn [Stat] Despite new payment advances, cash is still the most frequently used consumer payment option [Insight] What is Facebook’s overall AI strategy? [News] Intel’s new drones could be the first step towards flying billboards [Insight] What is the case against Netflix? [Inspiration] Music video follows a stationary bike being ridden in London [News] This app is trying to put an end to restaurant food waste [Insight] Looking at the past can tell us what to expect from the future of virtual reality [Insight] Will.i.am discusses the design of BUTTONS bluetooth headphones [News] Hospital platform makes prescribing apps easy [Inspiration] New York Times Game Recreates Oregon Trail As A Voter In The Election [Stat] In October mobile website views surpassed desktop views for the first time ever [Insight] Seth Godin unpacks the concept of the “idea awareness cycle” [Stat] 60% of Chinese consumers use their mobile phones to check prices while in-store [News] Apple has filed a patent for a concept phone that bends in half [Insight] How does it make economic sense that Arizona iced tea costs less than water? [Insight] In this uncertain US election, what are the polls that you should really be paying attention to? [News] Mobile service lets third-party voters “trade votes” with Clinton voters to defeat Trump [News] Twitter’s new campaign demonstrates how integral the platform is to cultural discussions SEARCH CONTENT BY VERTICAL Industry Automotive Entertainment Fashion Fitness & Sport Food Health Retail Travel Demographic Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Arts & Culture AI Cities IoT Luxury AR/VR Work Activity Advertising Branding Customer Retention Design & Architecture Media Experiential Product Launch Research Sign Up Newsletter Free Trial Membership Visit Us PSFK LLC 42 Bond Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 +1 646.520.4672 Contact Us Sales & Partnerships Editorial Submissions Careers More About Staff Wallkit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login VW says Audi software can distort emissions during tests Secret's anonymous sharing is coming back as a response to Trump Kaspersky says Windows' security bundle is anti-competitive Public Access Community storytelling. Apply & Sign Up Editor's Picks Best gaming monitors of 2016 11.08.16 View Internet Culture: People should READ and WRITE 11.08.16 View VR Camera Gadgets For RICOH THETA Create Outdoor Experiences 11.07.16 View Image credit: save Save share The Public Access Weekly: Don't stop believing Amber Bouman 10.07.16 Comments 236 Shares Share Tweet Share Save It's been a wild card kind of week, full of Google announcements and Yahoo breaches and AI assistants, and I'm excited to get home and watch the Giants-Cubs game tonight, so let's get this party stared with some Public Access stats for September: 310 posts went live on Public Access in September. That's one hundred more than last month, and a new record for the fifth month running! That is honestly phenomenal. 115 total Public Access members wrote and published stories, including 66 new members. Welcome new members! The Public Access member with the most posts published in September is Ryan Kh with an impressive total of 31 articles published. Second place is a three-way tie between Jimmy Rohampton, Shelly Green and Lisa Rachel who each published 14 articles. The top 10 most read Public Access posts for August (not counting the Public Access Weekly posts) were: Netflix Subscriber Satisfaction Rises Despite Price Increase by Chris Brantner Netflix saves kids from over 150 hours of commercials a year by Rob Toledo Nokia says it can deliver internet 2,000 times faster than Verizon Fios by Chris Brantner Is 'Allo' Google's Answer to the Facebook Messenger? by Ashok Srivasatava The Geek's Guide to Getting The Max Out Your Airfare by Dianna Labrien Ticwatch 2 vs Apple Watch by Jerry Li The Scary Link Between Technology and Identity Theft by Ryan Kh How to Choose Your First DSLR Camera by Dianna Labrien Since 2012, The Netflix Library Has Been Cut in Half by Rob Toledo Is VR Still Too Expensive For Gamers? by Dianna Labrien Congratulations to all those folks who saw their stories hit it big! And a heads up -- if you're a Public Access member keep an eye on your inbox next week. We've got some changes and updates on the way so you should be receiving an email from us with all the details. Looking for something to read? Check out: There's more trouble in store for Samsung -- a replacement Galaxy Note 7 reportedly began smoking. While in the owners pocket. After it had been shut off. Oh yeah, and this all went down on an airplane. File this one under: Bad to worse. If you asked the average person if they're excited about AI, you might get some shrugged shoulders in response. However, if you asked the same person if they'd like a digital personal assistant, I bet they'd be pretty damn interested. Mona writes about how the onstage demos of Google Home -- and other voice activated systems like Siri and Cortanat -- are ushering in the age of artificial intelligence. Bad news for fans of the 3.5mm headphone jack: The USB Implementers Forum released its Audio Device Class 3.0 specs which will provide hardware makers with the standard they need to run audio through USB-C ports on smartphones and other devices. The motivation is reportedly to work towards slimmer smartphones with better water resistance, however given the conversation happening in the comments it'll be an uphill battle. Looking for something to write about? Mull over: A few Public Access members have written recently about the technology they use to help them get a good nights sleep, and the updated Apple Watch may include apps to track sleeping patterns. Do you use technology to help you sleep? What do you use, and how well does it work for you? Rumors about who will buy Twitter have been swirling around the company for the last few weeks, but the company reportedly wants to finish up the sales process by the end of this month. Who will buy Twitter? Anyone? And a better question -- who should buy Twitter, and why? Last week we noticed a few companies using our comments system to respond to customer concerns about their products -- both successfully and well... not that successfully. How do you communicate with companies when you have an issue with their product or service? Twitter? Email? A good old-fashioned phone call (the horror)? In this era of social media and instant connections, what is the best way to file complaints with a company? 236 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 42m 42m ago Reverse Engineering: What Can You Gain From Your Competitors Reverse engineering is the process of dissecting or dismantling an object for analysis to understan... By V. Sevilla,  42m ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago This Chrome extension makes it ridiculously simple to save money One-click and you just saved a hundred bucks. It's a common tactic to open a new tab during the che... By J. McArthur,  3h ago save Save share View 5h 5h ago How Web Technology Helps with Real Estate Investments The web access has truly revolutionized commercial real estate investing for accredited investors. D... By R. Jones,  5h ago save Save share View More Public Access About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
