Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: Did you know that you can get Phoronix Premium for under $3 per month? Try it today to view our site ad-free, multi-page articles on a single page, and more while the proceeds allow us to write more Linux hardware reviews. Radeon Vulkan Driver Added To Mesa, Fresh Radeon Vulkan vs. OpenGL Benchmarks + AMDGPU-PRO Written by Michael Larabel in Display Drivers on 6 October 2016. Page 1 of 4. 78 Comments Today the RADV Radeon Vulkan driver is landing in mainline Mesa and just hit the Git code minutes ago. Merging the RADV driver came up just over the past few weeks in time for next month's Mesa stable release while this community-based driver was developed over the summer by David Airlie and Bas Nieuwenhuizen. This "unofficial" Radeon Vulkan open-source driver is now becoming part of the Mesa code-base with it being able to support the few Vulkan Linux games but isn't yet a fully conformant driver. Here are fresh benchmarks of the RADV driver compared to the RadeonSI OpenGL driver and benchmarks compared to AMD's hybrid closed-source AMDGPU-PRO driver on several different graphics cards. RADV As The (Unofficial) Radeon Vulkan Driver For Linux RADV in action! As confirmed via vulkaninfo output. Fresh from Git as of this morning. Since last year AMD communicated that they would be initially releasing a closed-source Vulkan Linux driver that would later be open-sourced. We are about eight months past the Vulkan 1.0 release, but this Vulkan Linux driver has yet to be open-sourced. In the absence of the open-source Radeon Vulkan driver, David Airlie and Bas Nieuwenhuizen set out to develop their own "community" based Radeon Vulkan driver at least as an interim solution and potentially to pressure AMD to get out their official Vulkan driver. Bas Nieuwenhuizen is an independent contributor while David Airlie is the DRM subsystem maintainer and Red Hat developer who has long been involved in open-source AMD/ATI Linux driver efforts. This new driver, RADV, is housed within a Mesa Git branch but is being merged to mainline Mesa today. RADV re-uses the AMDGPU LLVM compiler back-end, makes use of Intel's work on NIR within Mesa, and interfaces with the AMDGPU kernel DRM driver. Airlie explained in his original RADV announcement that this Radeon Vulkan driver is based upon Intel's "ANV" open-source Vulkan driver while the winsys to interface with the AMDGPU DRM kernel code is ported from Gallium3D. The RADV approach basically goes from SPIR-V through the NIR intermediate representation to LLVM IR for consumption by the AMDGPU LLVM back-end. There isn't any "Vulkan state tracker" for Gallium3D with this Khronos API being too low-level for implementing on top of Gallium. Back in August the RADV driver began rendering Dota 2 correctly, a few weeks later then began running The Talos Principle and vkQuake without issues. Now it's hitting mainline Mesa and in turn will be reaching more Linux distributions. The bring-up of RADV was very brisk due to being able to re-use a lot of existing open-source Linux driver code and the fact that Vulkan drivers are much lighter/thinner than OpenGL drivers. Due to the success of RADV, there has been communication from John Bridgman and others that their focus may shift from working to open-source their proprietary driver to instead focus on helping with code contributions to areas of RADV where it needs to be improved... We heard this weeks ago but still haven't seen any major contributions by AMD to the RADV driver stack. We'll see in the weeks/months ahead regarding what AMD open-sources for Vulkan, but it seems RADV is taking hold and the open-source AMD developers haven't objected to seeing this driver merged into mainline Mesa. Current Driver State While this RADV driver can run the currently available Vulkan Linux games (Dota 2, vkQuake and Talos Principle), it's not fully conformant with Vulkan 1.0 as some features are still missing. Additionally, there is much room still for more performance optimizations. Just keep that in mind before getting your hopes too high... Dota 2 continues running well with RADV. The Radeon Vulkan driver isn't built by default with Mesa builds but requires setting the --with-vulkan-drivers=radeon argument. Additionally, Mesa must be built against LLVM 3.9 or newer. Also keep in mind your GPU needs to be supported by the AMDGPU kernel driver, see the next section about hardware support. Intel and Radeon (RADV) are the two current Vulkan drivers in Mesa. Current Hardware Support The RADV driver was developed around Volcanic Islands (Fury, Tonga, etc) and Polaris (RX 400 series) hardware. This is in conjunction with the AMDGPU kernel driver. However, if making use of the experimental CIK and SI support in AMDGPU, it should be possible to get older GCN GPUs working with this Vulkan driver. The GCN 1.1 CIK support has been around as an experimental build-time option on recent Linux kernel releases while the GCN 1.0 Southern Islands experimental support is only landing with Linux 4.9. This requires spinning your own kernel or finding a third-party kernel build that's enabling this functionality for AMDGPU. The RADV driver will not work with the Radeon DRM driver nor will it be ported to any pre-GCN (HD 7000 series) hardware. The Talos Principle renders correctly with RADV the past few weeks. Fresh Benchmarks For seeing the state of the RADV driver, I tested out the latest code (David Airlie's radv-submit2 branch) as of this morning as the code being merged this evening to mainline Mesa. This was tested with the Linux 4.8 stable kernel. The focus for testing was on various Volcanic Islands and Polaris graphics cards. In a follow-up article will be tests with CIK/SI GPUs. More details and the benchmark results on the following pages -- unless you are a Phoronix Premium member helping to support the site and where you get to view this article as a single-page. Tweet Page 1 - IntroductionPage 2 - System SetupPage 3 - Dota 2Page 4 - The Talos Principle Page: 1234Next Page 78 Comments Related Articles Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux Mesa 13.0 Released With Intel OpenGL 4.5, RADV Radeon Vulkan Driver AMDGPU-PRO 16.40 vs. Linux 4.8 + Mesa 13.1-dev Driver Comparison Intel Haswell OpenGL & Vulkan Testing With Mesa Git Dota 2 Radeon OpenGL vs. Vulkan Performance With Mesa Git, Linux 4.9-rc1 Trending Linux News Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux GNOME 3.22.2 Released LLVM Clang Lands -Og Optimization Level The Current RadeonSI Benefits Of Switching To Mesa 13.1-dev Git On Ubuntu 16.10 Mesa 13.0.1 Released Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Classifieds Calendar Clubland Best of WNC Best of Music & Crafts Eats & Drinks Get It! Guide LoginRegister Clubland Calendar Classifieds Guides Arts Art News Comedy Craft Dance Fashion Literature Music Performance Art Theater Visual Art News Community News Business Environment Local Government Politics & Elections Food Food News Beer & Cider Coffee & Tea Wine & Spirits Living Farm & Garden Outdoors Spirituality Sustainability Wellness Volunteering Movies Movie News & Previews Movie Reviews Opinion Commentary Humor Letters Submit Letters Multimedia Audio Photos Video Contact Log in Register Swipe Close ×Close   Council on Aging for Henderson County brings on Encore Career Fellow Posted on October 6, 2016October 6, 2016 by Emma Grace Moon PRESS RELEASE: The Council on Aging (COA) for Henderson County has taken advantage of a unique opportunity.  Keith Logan, veteran of 30 years in the corporate world, has joined COA as an Encore Career Fellow.  After 25 years at Intel Corporation in Phoenix, AZ, Keith recently “retired” and relocated to Hendersonville with his wife Betsy.  Keith’s work at Intel was primarily focused on IT project and program management supporting Intel’s supply chain.  He led several major enterprise software initiatives for the company, including the redesign of Intel’s warehouse management systems, overhaul of Intel’s order management pipeline, and supply chain integration of a major communications business acquisition.  Most recently, he led a team of senior project/program managers and was responsible for the execution of the portfolio of projects and budget oversight for the group. During the next six months, Keith will support COA with several systems projects and operational improvements.  While Keith retired from Intel, he still plans to continue to work for many years.  “The Encore Fellowship is a fantastic mechanism for me to integrate into a new community, build a network of contacts, and do meaningful work that directly affects the lives of people in a positive way.  I am grateful for the opportunity that COA has given me and look forward to making a difference here.” “What an exciting time at Council on Aging!“ says Executive Director Trina Stokes. “We are thrilled to have Keith joining us and the timing could not have been any better.  COA is currently undergoing numerous IT and software updates and we will rely heavily on Keith’s background to keep the projects running smoothly.  Ultimately our goal is to expose Keith to the great work non-profits do here in Henderson County and allow him the chance to make an impact in our community.  We are so grateful to the Encore Fellowship Program for providing us with this opportunity.” About the Council on Aging for Henderson County: Providing and coordinating services to keep older adults living independently for over 45 years, the Council on Aging has focused on making Henderson County a better place for elders in our community. Our services include Meals on Wheels, Lunch at the Sammy, care management, options counseling, information and assistance, and caregiver respite. Keeping people in their homes preserves their dignity, freedom, and sense of place. About Encore Fellowships Network: Recognizing that people in later life constitute a great and growing natural resource, the Encore Fellowships Network was launched by Encore.org. to bring new sources of talent to organizations in need. The Encore Fellowship Program matches seasoned professionals with social-purpose organizations in high-impact, paid, limited duration positions.  Encore Fellows bring a wealth of skills in project and program management, strategy, IT, HR, marketing, and finance – skills that are needed by organizations solving social problems.   Fellows help organizations build capacity, grow strategically and ultimately have a broader impact on their communities.   Through an inventive program portfolio, Encore.org demonstrates the value of experience in solving society’s greatest problems.  For more information, visit www.encore.org/fellowships  Wendy Lou Billings Outreach and Resource Development Coordinator 105 King Creek Blvd, Hendersonville, NC 28792 Phone: (828) 233.1556 www.coahc.org ### like855 viewsCommunity NewsNewsCouncil on Aging for Henderson CountyEncore Career FellowHendersonville SHARE Leave a Reply × To leave a reply you may Login with your Mountain Xpress account, connect socially or enter your name and e-mail. Your e-mail address will not be published. All fields are required. Or login with Facebook, Google or Yahoo! Enter your WordPress.com blog URL http://.wordpress.com Proceed Name E-mail Comment You May Also Like Community News Time, public hearing changes among ideas floated during orientation 14 hours ago Continuing wildfire activity update for afternoon of Nov. 14 1 day ago Asheville Museum of Science celebrates new location with soft-opening reception 4 days ago News Tuesday History: The Will Harris murders, part I 10 hours ago Sustainable forest management and forest products recognized 12 hours ago Conscious party: Arthur Morgan School’s annual auction 4 days ago Arts Art News Comedy Craft Dance Fashion Literature Music Performance Art Theater Visual Art Food Beer Coffee & Tea Food News Wine & Spirits Living Farm & Garden Outdoors Spirituality Sports Sustainability Wellness Movies Movie News & Previews Multimedia Audio Photos Video News Business Community News Education Environment History Local Government Nonprofits Politics & Elections Opinion Commentary Humor Letters More Xpress Classifieds Calendar Clubland OnTap Issue Archive X-Awards Eats & Drinks MX Cam Follow Xpress @mxarts @mxeat @mxenv @mxnews mountainx Xpress Newsletter Subscribe to the Xpress Newsletter and get all the week's print stories delivered to your inbox! Contact Advertise Terms & Privacy Website Feedback Mountain Xpress © 1995-2016
null
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   Another NSA Contractor Charged With Theft of Secret Documents       Another NSA Contractor Charged With Theft of Secret Documents     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2016-10-06 Print               DAILY VIDEO: Feds arrest another NSA contractor for classified info theft; a fix is coming for a Windows 10 update install loop; Intel's smart glasses deal with Oakley is the latest move in its wearables push; and there's more.   Latest Videos Sponsored Videos 'Smart' Light Bulbs Vulnerable to Cyber-Attacks, Researchers Show DAILY VIDEO: Researchers show even 'smart' light bulbs are threatened on IoT; Kaspersky alleges... Apple Store Selling Refurbished iPhones at a Discount DAILY VIDEO: Apple refurbished iPhones again being offered in the Apple Store; Google pulling the... Samsung Aims to Incorporate AI in Galaxy S8 Smartphones DAILY VIDEO: Samsung evaluating AI for use in Galaxy S8 smartphones; LG begins Android 7.0 Nougat OS... Apple Drops Prices of MacBook Pro Dongles After Complaints DAILY VIDEO: Apple drops MacBook Pro dongle prices after customer pushback; Samsung says some 85% of... Samsung Gear S3 Smartwatches to Go on Sale Nov. 18 DAILY VIDEO: Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch preorders began Nov. 6; Huawei launches Fit sports and... Red Hat Adds Security Features to RHEL 7.3 DAILY VIDEO: Red Hat rolls out RHEL 7.3 with better security; Office users gain a... Microsoft Launches Teams Collaboration Platform for Office 365 DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft launches Teams, a rival to the Slack collaboration platform; Microsoft rebukes... Samsung Investing $1B to Boost Chip Production in Texas Facility DAILY VIDEO: Samsung will invest $1 billion in its Texas chip facility; ARM unveils chip cores for... Microsoft Releases PowerApps and Flow for General Availability DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft to release PowerApps and Flow on Nov. 1; Microsoft woos MacBook owners with... PC Makers Continue to Innovate to Jump-Start Weak Sales DAILY VIDEO: PC makers continue to innovate despite a slowing market; Microsoft Office will support... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: Feds Arrest Another NSA Contractor for Classified Info Theft Fix Coming for Windows 10 Update Install Loop: Microsoft Intel Smart Glasses Deal With Oakley Latest Move in Wearables Push Microsoft Drops Its Fitness Band 2 Wearable       Today's topics include the arrest of a National Security Agency contractor on charges of stealing classified documents, Microsoft's plan to fix a glitch that causes Windows 10 updates to get stuck in a perpetual loop, how Intel is supporting the development of the latest wearable devices and Microsoft's decision to stop marketing the Fitness Band 2. The U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Maryland revealed on Oct. 5 that a National Security Agency contractor was arrested on Aug. 27 on charges of stealing classified documents. Charged is 51-year-old Harold Thomas Martin III on allegations that he removed and retained classified government documents. Law enforcement executed a search warrant on Martin's property on Aug. 27 and found documents that the government labeled top-secret. According to the Justice Department, six classified document were recovered that were originally produced by U.S. intelligence officials in 2014. On Sept. 29, Microsoft released a cumulative update for Windows 10 Anniversary Edition that promised to fix a long list of issues and improve the performance of several of the operating system's components. After the update started reaching the general public, users started hitting the Windows 10 Early Access and Support forums with a barrage of complaints that their Windows 10 machines were stuck in a perpetual update loop. As a workaround, Microsoft suggested that users visit the Windows 10 upgrade page, download the media creation tool and select the "Upgrade This PC Now" option while choosing to "keep everything." This workaround allows users to update their PCs while keeping their data files, settings and applications intact. Another, more involved option involved tinkering with the registry. Intel officials view the wearable space as a significant growth area for the company as it aggressively moves away from its legacy as primarily a PC chip maker to become a major technology supplier for an increasingly connected world. Intel has been showing off its latest innovations for connected wearables over the past several weeks. Most recently, Intel and Luxottica Group this week unveiled the Oakley-branded Radar Pace smart eyewear, which essentially acts as a virtual coach for wearers while running or cycling. The smart glasses, which sell for $449 on the Oakley website, connect to free smartphone apps for Apple's iOS or Google's Android mobile operating systems and use Intel's Real Speech technology to communicate with the wearer. Microsoft is apparently taking its 2-year-old Band fitness wristband product line off the market. The 2-year-old Band 2 was recently removed from the online Microsoft Store and has not been slated for a new model replacement. The Band 2, which previously was listed in the online store with a variety of other brands, including Fitbit, is no longer listed on the web page. Microsoft confirmed the move in an Oct. 5 reply to an eWEEK inquiry. "We have sold through our existing Band 2 inventory and have no plans to release another Band device this year," a spokesman told eWEEK. "We remain committed to supporting our Microsoft Band 2 customers through Microsoft Stores and our customer support channels and will continue to invest in the Microsoft Health platform, which is open to all hardware and apps partners across Windows, iOS, and Android devices."       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
▲ top Features Calendar Local Global Other Home About Contact Newsletter Calendar Publish Donate Regions north coast central valley north bay east bay south bay san francisco peninsula santa cruz california us international Topics animal lib anti-war arts + action drug war education en español environment global justice government health/housing immigrant media activism labor lgbti / queer police state racial justice womyn International americas haiti iraq palestine afghanistan More make media get involved photo gallery feature archives fault lines links Donate Help support grassroots independent media. $36.00 donated in past month IMC Network From the Open-Publishing Calendar From the Open-Publishing Newswire Indybay FeatureRelated Categories: Santa Cruz Indymedia | Anti-War HIDDEN The following post may have been a test post, a duplicate, or could have been hidden if it violated this site's Points of Unity. If you think this item should not have been hidden, first make sure it wasn't posted twice and you were just unable to find the other copy of the post. If that was not the case, you can contact the editorial collective by e-mailing indybay@lists.riseup.net. PLAY SHELL GAME WERBUNG INTEL TURD DOLL INDY BAY TRACKED YOUR STEPPES U.S.C. ! by HITLERSON WARMACHT Thursday Oct 6th, 2016 2:06 PM WITHIN YOU OR WITHOUT YOU! WER BUNG TURDS ! © 2000–2016 San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center. Unless otherwise stated by the author, all content is free for non-commercial reuse, reprint, and rebroadcast, on the net and elsewhere. Opinions are those of the contributors and are not necessarily endorsed by the SF Bay Area IMC. Disclaimer | Copyright Policy | Privacy | Contact | Source Code
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy NEWS & ANALYSIS: Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal NEWS & ANALYSIS: Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race NEWS & ANALYSIS: 7nm SRAMs, 10nm SoC at ISSCC NEWS & ANALYSIS: 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced SPONSORED: Spend $3.14 at Arrow.com, get a FREE Raspberry Pi 3! News & Analysis Intel's Stratix 10 FPGAs, SoCs Sampling Max Maxfield 10/6/2016 03:50 PM EDT 3 comments NO RATINGS 1 saves Login to Rate Tweet Last year, the folks at CPU giant Intel (which acquired FPGA vendor Altera) gave us a sneak peek at the capabilities, capacity, performance, and features of their forthcoming Stratix 10 FPGAs and SoCs (see Altera's Stratix 10 FPGAs & SoCs -- Breakthroughs in Performance, Integration, Density, and Security). Earlier this year, they threw the veils open a little wider to provide more concrete details regarding the Stratix 10 MX family of System-in-Package (SiP) devices (see Stratix 10 MX: 1 TBps On-Chip Memory Bandwidth in Single FPGA). Stratix 10 FPGAs and SoCs are fabricated using Intel's 14nm Tri-Gate process. Intel just announced that it has started sampling these devices to its customers (see Intels Stratix 10 FPGA: Supporting the Smart and Connected Revolution). (Source: Intel) Stratix 10 innovations and capabilities include: 2X the core performance and over 5X the density compared to the previous generation. Up to 70 percent lower power than Stratix V FPGAs for equivalent performance. Up to 10 TFLOPS of single-precision floating point DSP performance. Up to 1 TBps memory bandwidth with integrated High-Bandwidth Memory (HBM2) in-package. An embedded quad-core 64-bit ARM Cortex-A53 processor. Devices like Stratix 10 FPGAs will help service providers, data centers, cloud computing, and storage systems to satisfy their insatiable demand for higher computational capabilities, lower latency, greater system flexibility, and increased power efficiencies (Click Here for more information). Related posts: If You Could Have the Ideal Programmable Logic Device, What Would it Be? PROTO FPGAs Lower the Cost of Prototyping Rad-Tolerant FPGA-Based Systems What's Up With All Those New Use Models On An Emulator? 10 FPGA Design Techniques You Should Know Microsemi FPGAs Support Growing Demand for MIPI CSI-2 Interfaces Free Webinar: Introducing the XLR8 FPGA-based Arduino Uno Clone Flex Circuit Design Primer for Wearable/IoT Device — Max Maxfield, Editor of All Things Fun & Interesting Email This Print Comment More Related Links Cosmopolitan Collaboration Companies Fully-Programmable SoCs -- New Breed of Devices Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95 Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race Next-Gen Programmable, Cognitive Military Radio Systems Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Author density KarlS01   10/7/2016 4:53:46 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate "2X the core performance and over 5X the density compared to the previous generation." Does anyone have a clue what this does to place and route time? For a couple of years I have been saying that design should be done at the logic/function level to minimize P&R run time.  With 5X density P&R must increase 5X to 25X? so that aggravates what is already an issue for potential users. We used to do logic design and manual "simulation/analysis" then use wiring tools for physical design and it worked very well.  It turned out that 85% or more of the nets had no timing issues.  There were no simulation/timing analysis tools. Use of IP needs tools that can take the physical as well as the functional block intact and "plug it in".  Doing P&R of the IP may cause serious problems. ASIC design adopted master slice because full custom took too long and some speed and density was probably sacrificed. FPGA design may have to make som trade-offs. FPGAs have block ram, dsp, multiply, etc already placed.(and if they are not all used, so what?)  Now why not have 16/32 bit registers at least preconfigured if not pre-placed?  If you need 8 or 24 bit regs, just use a 16 or 42 and not wire 8 bits?  Remember density increased 5X. Some CPUs still use microcode which is just a nice big LUT--that is easily changed--for control. By the way, the 2X performance increase was circuit speed--metal wiring delay may have increased because of RC effect. Remember, Steve Leibson(Xilinx) wrote "time is all in the wiring" for the current generation. Anyone interested in asynchronous logic?  Maybe there is enough wiring delay to overlap circuit resolution with transfer time. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Finally Gondalf   10/7/2016 2:15:58 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Pretty happy for this new FPGA. Altera was focused mainly on the middle range of its line in past two years delaying this chip a lot. Still most of the work is done now. I believe the shift to 10nm will be pretty fast as the process will yield enough to allow good economics. My compliments to Altera guys. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Price, sampling, dev.boards StoneThrower   10/6/2016 9:29:04 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate It would be pretty informative, just to know what kind of monster price we should expect, to know price for 1 sample of Stratix 10 chip(s), or price for the simplest/cheapest development board. There is no price tags on Altera's pages yet, but judging by Stratix V (DK-DEV-5SGXEA7N) dev.board which costs nearly $7K ($6,995.0, almost $25K for GX) then what we should or could expect for 1Tbps / quad-core 64-bit ARM A-53 kraken?  Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 11/16/2016 1:27:50 AM daveburstein Junko Dino Flore, quoted in the article, made claims that Qualcomm was honorable enough to disown in the note at the end. Saying that LTE is clearly better than DSRC based on... 11/16/2016 1:27:50 AM daveburstein Junko Dino Flore, quoted in the article, made claims that Qualcomm was honorable enough to disown in the note at the end. Saying that LTE is clearly better than DSRC based on... 11/16/2016 1:15:39 AM Dr. Slump I think the reason Qualcomm wants LTE-based rather than IEEE 802.11-based solution is the licensing $$$. As you may know the most important profit (not revenue) of Qualcomm is... 11/16/2016 12:56:16 AM mojo_jojo Isn't $8B for Harman a lesser valuation given their annual revenue of $6B ? I thought typical valuation for a company will be around 3X the annual revenue. 11/15/2016 10:58:05 PM resistion https://news.samsung.com/global/samsung-expands-its-advanced-foundry-offerings-with-14lpu-and-10lpu-processes "Due to limitations of current lithography technologies, 10LPU is... 11/15/2016 8:57:04 PM pscalare I don't seem to be able to find these chargers on MPJA website. Too bad. I would have snapped up a bunch of them. 11/15/2016 7:12:55 PM TonyTib My guess is that they're surplus, e.g. Columbia Sportwear's rechargeable socks didn't sell so well, so MPJA bought a bunch at a firesale price.  The original cost might be... 11/15/2016 7:08:31 PM Sang-Yun 5x is the price difference between 3D XPoint and NAND flash memory components. In case of SSD, other components, such as SSD controller and DRAM buffer, are needed. So, the price... 11/15/2016 7:05:32 PM Sang-Yun Tanj, check the following article for more infromation about 3D XPoint.  "3D XPoint Steps Into the Light" - http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1328682. In addition,... 11/15/2016 6:44:29 PM TanjB This article makes a lot of claims about 3D Xpoint - materials, capital equipment, price levels at different densities - which seem both surprising and likely to be sensitive... Navigate to Related Links Cosmopolitan Collaboration Companies Fully-Programmable SoCs -- New Breed of Devices Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95 Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race Next-Gen Programmable, Cognitive Military Radio Systems Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 65 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  62   Why, Windows 10, Why?  53   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  37   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  36   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  27   Robo-Car's Safety Challenges DoT  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  26   Another Tesla Crash, What It Teaches Us  14   Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal  12   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  9   3D XPoint  Reality, Opportunity, and ...  8   Coating Stops Exploding Batteries  4   Lowly Bus Gets Reinvented  4   Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy  4   DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
null
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Biostar races into the miniature PC market with… Biostar races into the miniature PC market with its Intel Atom-driven Racing P1 By Kevin Parrish — October 3, 2016 12:25 PM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends During Computex 2016 in June, Biostar showcased a mini-PC called the Racing P1. The device had a smartphone-like form factor, enabling owners to shove a fully enabled PC into their pocket. The unit had a surface mimicking steel and a “Racing” logo illuminated with customizable backlit RGB LEDs. The company said it would arrive in the third quarter of 2016, and now it’s listed as available on the company’s Racing P1 product page. Here’s a brief list of the specs:   Racing P1 Processor Intel Atom x5-Z8350 Cores/Threads 4/4 Base clock speed 1.44GHz Boost clock speed 1.92GHz Graphics Intel HD Graphics 400 System memory 4GB DDR3L @ 1,600MHz Storage 64GB eMMC Flash Audio Realtek ALC5645 2-channel On the front panel, the new Racing P1 mini-PC provides one USB 3.0 port, one USB 2.0 port, one Micro SD card reader, a line-out/microphone input jack, and the power button. On the back, the unit provides four USB 2.0 ports, one gigabit Ethernet port, and one HDMI port for connecting the unit to a monitor or HDTV. That means professionals could stuff the unit in their briefcase and connect the device to a hotel room’s TV instead of carrying a laptop. Related: Biostar takes aim at PC gaming market with its very first mouse, the $10 AM2 The mini-PC is sold with an included disc packing the company’s Racing GT, BullGuard, and BIO-Remote 2 utilities. Given that the Racing P1 doesn’t come with an operating system installed, customers will have to pay an additional $120 for Windows 10 Home or $200 for Windows 10 Pro. The device supports either 64-bit versions of Microsoft’s new operating system. The Intel processor packed inside isn’t all that old, and was released in the first quarter of 2016. Surprisingly, Intel says that the maximum memory capacity this chip supports is 2GB yet the device provides 4GB. Windows 10 demands 2GB for the 64-bit version, which would indicate why Biostar crammed 4GB into the unit. The processor and memory are integrated (soldered) into Biostar’s motherboard, so maybe Biostar figured out a way to work around the processor’s 2GB limit. Although the unit provides gigabit connectivity for wired networking, the Racing P1 also provides Wireless AC to connect to wireless networks. It offers Bluetooth 4.0 connectivity as well for pairing Bluetooth-based devices like a smartphone, tablet, headset, mouse, and/or keyboard. The overall dimensions are 129.4(L) x 83(W) x 27(H) mm, and it weighs just nine ounces. The new Racing P1 mini-PC is part of the company’s new “Racing” family of products that includes the Z170 GT7 motherboard and an SSD served up in three capacity options: 120GB, 240GB, and 480GB. The company said in August that it spent three times the marketing budget for 2016 than it has in the past few years to promote this new family of products. The Racing P1 mini-PC is available to purchase now for $160 although it hadn’t shown up on Newegg or Amazon at the time of writing.
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy NEWS & ANALYSIS: Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal NEWS & ANALYSIS: Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race NEWS & ANALYSIS: 7nm SRAMs, 10nm SoC at ISSCC NEWS & ANALYSIS: 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced SPONSORED: Spend $3.14 at Arrow.com, get a FREE Raspberry Pi 3! News & Analysis Startup Digs Deep Learning, Snags Big Backers Junko Yoshida 10/6/2016 10:36 AM EDT 3 comments NO RATINGS 2 saves Login to Rate Tweet PARIS — At a time when “Deep Learning” isn’t just hot but approaching the hype-cycle’s boiling point, nobody should be surprised at the emergence of another deep-learning, vision processing startup. Dinakar Munagala This one is called ThinCI (pronounced “Think-Eye”), founded by Dinakar Munagala, an accomplished engineer/architect with an Intel pedigree. Surprising about ThinCI (El Dorado Hills, Calif.), however, is its well-heeled, big-name backers with credible technological expertise, and a unique “massively parallel architecture” which Munagala describes as an engine “purposely built for vision processing and deep learning.” Munagala promises that his patent-pending chip architecture can bring “two orders of magnitude improvements in performance” compared to other deep learning/vision processing solutions. ThinCI, after operating in a garage on a shoe-string budget for six years, is emerging from stealth mode this week. It recently snagged two big automotive tier ones as institutional investors and secured a roster of who’s who in the tech industry as private investors. The two tier ones signed up are DENSO International America, Inc., and Magna International Inc. Private investors include: Dado Banatao, chairman ThinCI board of directors and managing partner, Tallwood Venture Capital; Dadi Perlmutter, former executive vice president, general manager of Intel Corp.’s Architecture Group; Jürgen Hambrecht, chairman of the Supervisory Board of BASF SE and Member of Supervisory Board of Daimler AG; and several others of similar stature. Simplicity, flexibility Dadi Perlmutter Perlmutter, asked why invest in ThinCI, told EE Times, “Through all my career I significantly appreciated simplicity and flexibility. I always preferred approaches that went away from brute force, and looked at the bottlenecks of a new computing problem, and found ways to eliminate the bottlenecks by finding new approaches. ThinCI has done just that.” While other solutions are limited to moving data in and out to feed a big, hungry computing engine, Perlmutter described ThinCI computing as “tailored to Deep Learning graph analysis.” He said it “eliminates by a huge factor unnecessary access to memory.” Its end results? “This results not only in speeding up the computation but reducing cost and power,” he added. Munagala told EE Times that he quit Intel six years ago with ambitions to develop a new chip architecture that can meet the needs of next-generation technologies, such as deep learning. ThinCI, however, has yet to disclose details of its processor architecture. The company describes it “a revolutionary graph streaming processor.” Munagala explained to EE Times that this is “a massively parallel architecture designed to process multiple compute nodes of a task graph at the same time.” Deep learning, in essence, is based on a set of algorithms that try to model high level abstractions in data by using a deep graph with many processing layers, composed of multiple linear and non-linear transformations. What’s unique about ThinCI’s architecture appears to be in the way it handles a deep graph. Instead of processing data sequentially through a deep graph, with multiple processing layers, “ThinCI’s architecture streams data through the entire graph using extreme parallelism,” explained Munagala. But that’s only half of the story. Next page: On-die graph execution Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 3 Next > More Related Links DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal Lowly Bus Gets Reinvented Comma.ai Fiasco Leaves None Unscathed Ford & QNX Bypass Tier 1 Middlemen Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Author Re: Still rather mysterious and vague junko.yoshida   10/7/2016 2:41:10 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate @Kevin, absolutely. We'd love to learn more about the technology and the actual chip. As for business model, I believe ThinCI is a fabless chip company. What's interesting is that there is a growing demand out on the market -- automotive or embedded -- looking for alternative solutions to Mobileye and Intel (Movidius) for vision processing. ThinCI appears to promise what some wanted to hear. The startup said that it is planning to disclose more details on this at a later date -- separately from  this announcement. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Still rather mysterious and vague Kevin Krewell   10/6/2016 8:32:54 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Thinci sounds like an interesting company - big name backers, former Intel founders, slick web site - but to qoute an old commercial catchphrase "where's the beef?" The company is making bold claims, but we'd sure like to see something that backs it up. What's the business model? Is it an IP licensed to mobile SoC makers or do they expect people to buy their chips? It appears to be a learning Neural Net machine that still needs lots of data fed to it to learn the answer. That's actually part of the value a company like MobileEye brings - its data set. Still, it's good to see funding for hardware/IP. I can't help but wonder what Andreas Olofsson at Adapteva could do with similar funding: http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1330568&_mc=sm_eet_editor_rickmerritt Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author ThinCi HVREDDY   10/6/2016 1:33:53 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Wish the team great sucess. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 11/16/2016 1:27:50 AM daveburstein Junko Dino Flore, quoted in the article, made claims that Qualcomm was honorable enough to disown in the note at the end. Saying that LTE is clearly better than DSRC based on... 11/16/2016 1:27:50 AM daveburstein Junko Dino Flore, quoted in the article, made claims that Qualcomm was honorable enough to disown in the note at the end. Saying that LTE is clearly better than DSRC based on... 11/16/2016 1:15:39 AM Dr. Slump I think the reason Qualcomm wants LTE-based rather than IEEE 802.11-based solution is the licensing $$$. As you may know the most important profit (not revenue) of Qualcomm is... 11/16/2016 12:56:16 AM mojo_jojo Isn't $8B for Harman a lesser valuation given their annual revenue of $6B ? I thought typical valuation for a company will be around 3X the annual revenue. 11/15/2016 10:58:05 PM resistion https://news.samsung.com/global/samsung-expands-its-advanced-foundry-offerings-with-14lpu-and-10lpu-processes "Due to limitations of current lithography technologies, 10LPU is... 11/15/2016 8:57:04 PM pscalare I don't seem to be able to find these chargers on MPJA website. Too bad. I would have snapped up a bunch of them. 11/15/2016 7:12:55 PM TonyTib My guess is that they're surplus, e.g. Columbia Sportwear's rechargeable socks didn't sell so well, so MPJA bought a bunch at a firesale price.  The original cost might be... 11/15/2016 7:08:31 PM Sang-Yun 5x is the price difference between 3D XPoint and NAND flash memory components. In case of SSD, other components, such as SSD controller and DRAM buffer, are needed. So, the price... 11/15/2016 7:05:32 PM Sang-Yun Tanj, check the following article for more infromation about 3D XPoint.  "3D XPoint Steps Into the Light" - http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1328682. In addition,... 11/15/2016 6:44:29 PM TanjB This article makes a lot of claims about 3D Xpoint - materials, capital equipment, price levels at different densities - which seem both surprising and likely to be sensitive... Navigate to Related Links DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal Lowly Bus Gets Reinvented Comma.ai Fiasco Leaves None Unscathed Ford & QNX Bypass Tier 1 Middlemen Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 65 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  62   Why, Windows 10, Why?  53   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  37   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  36   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  27   Robo-Car's Safety Challenges DoT  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  26   Another Tesla Crash, What It Teaches Us  14   Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal  12   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  9   3D XPoint  Reality, Opportunity, and ...  8   Coating Stops Exploding Batteries  4   Lowly Bus Gets Reinvented  4   Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy  4   DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation May Build Chips for Mid-Range Samsung Smartphones Intel's new approach to participation in the smartphone processor market may begin to bear fruit in 2017. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 6, 2016 at 9:21AM Image source: Intel.  Microprocessor giant Intel's(NASDAQ:INTC) organic efforts to build applications processors targeted at the smartphone market saw little success over the last five years or so. The company could never quite build chips that offered compelling enough performance, power consumption, and features to convince major smartphone manufacturers to adopt its solutions over, say, those of major players such as Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), MediaTek, and others. Although Intel is currently not an active participant in the smartphone applications processor market, the company has made it clear that it intends to continue to participate in it as a contract manufacturer for other chip designers. One such deal that's been publicly known about for quite some time is the tie-up between Intel and mobile processor maker Spreadtrum. Though neither company has said much about the products that they will be building together, Digitimes has a very interesting scoop vis-a-vis this partnership. Products sampling soon, aiming for Samsung smartphones Digitimes says that Spreadtrum will begin "sample shipments" of its chips built in Intel's 14-nanometer manufacturing technology "starting in October." Spreadtrum is apparently "looking to grab orders for Samsung's mid-range smartphone series for 2017," according to Digitimes' "industry sources." Although winning spots inside of Samsung's mid-range phones is certainly not as glamorous as winning spots in the company's Galaxy S and Galaxy Note flagships, a significant portion of the smartphones that Samsung sells are low-end and mid-range handsets. Samsung tends to use many different suppliers for these mid-range and low-end phones (e.g. Samsung's own chips, Qualcomm, Spreadtrum, and reportedly soon MediaTek), so pricing is probably competitive and margins are likely relatively slim. Nevertheless, that's probably more Spreadtrum's problem than Intel's. Contract chip manufacturer Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) achieves an average gross profit margin of around 50% these days building mobile chips for third parties, who then go on to sell those TSMC-produced chips at 30%+ gross profit margins. As long as Intel's cost structure is under control, it should be able to profit nicely from its partnership with Spreadtrum, even in an aggressive pricing environment for smartphone processors. Why this partnership is important Spreadtrum is a major smartphone applications processor supplier, so if Spreadtrum achieves success with Intel's 14-nanometer technology -- a good first indicator would be if Samsung ultimately chooses to use these Intel-built Spreadtrum chips in mid-range smartphones -- it could conceivably use Intel's 10-nanometer process in the future, as well as 14-nanometer for future, likely lower-end, parts. More importantly, though, I suspect that many potential Intel foundry customers are waiting to see how things go with Intel and Spreadtrum. Intel's pitch has been that it has the world's best manufacturing technology in terms of performance, power, and area. If Spreadtrum's products bear out those claims, then that could compel other smartphone applications processor makers to sign on with Intel rather than use TSMC or another contract chip manufacturer. However, if Spreadtrum's products don't enjoy a significant competitive advantage as a result of being built on Intel's tech, then Intel's near-to-medium term opportunities as a contract chip manufacturer for mobile processors may be limited until something fundamentally changes (e.g. Intel's technology becomes more competitive, it becomes more aggressive on pricing, or something else). Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 6, 2016 at 9:21AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $66.77 up $0.84 (1.27%) Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $29.20 up $0.35 (1.21%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation May Build Chips for Mid-Range Samsung Smartphones Intel's new approach to participation in the smartphone processor market may begin to bear fruit in 2017. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 6, 2016 at 9:21AM Image source: Intel.  Microprocessor giant Intel's(NASDAQ:INTC) organic efforts to build applications processors targeted at the smartphone market saw little success over the last five years or so. The company could never quite build chips that offered compelling enough performance, power consumption, and features to convince major smartphone manufacturers to adopt its solutions over, say, those of major players such as Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), MediaTek, and others. Although Intel is currently not an active participant in the smartphone applications processor market, the company has made it clear that it intends to continue to participate in it as a contract manufacturer for other chip designers. One such deal that's been publicly known about for quite some time is the tie-up between Intel and mobile processor maker Spreadtrum. Though neither company has said much about the products that they will be building together, Digitimes has a very interesting scoop vis-a-vis this partnership. Products sampling soon, aiming for Samsung smartphones Digitimes says that Spreadtrum will begin "sample shipments" of its chips built in Intel's 14-nanometer manufacturing technology "starting in October." Spreadtrum is apparently "looking to grab orders for Samsung's mid-range smartphone series for 2017," according to Digitimes' "industry sources." Although winning spots inside of Samsung's mid-range phones is certainly not as glamorous as winning spots in the company's Galaxy S and Galaxy Note flagships, a significant portion of the smartphones that Samsung sells are low-end and mid-range handsets. Samsung tends to use many different suppliers for these mid-range and low-end phones (e.g. Samsung's own chips, Qualcomm, Spreadtrum, and reportedly soon MediaTek), so pricing is probably competitive and margins are likely relatively slim. Nevertheless, that's probably more Spreadtrum's problem than Intel's. Contract chip manufacturer Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) achieves an average gross profit margin of around 50% these days building mobile chips for third parties, who then go on to sell those TSMC-produced chips at 30%+ gross profit margins. As long as Intel's cost structure is under control, it should be able to profit nicely from its partnership with Spreadtrum, even in an aggressive pricing environment for smartphone processors. Why this partnership is important Spreadtrum is a major smartphone applications processor supplier, so if Spreadtrum achieves success with Intel's 14-nanometer technology -- a good first indicator would be if Samsung ultimately chooses to use these Intel-built Spreadtrum chips in mid-range smartphones -- it could conceivably use Intel's 10-nanometer process in the future, as well as 14-nanometer for future, likely lower-end, parts. More importantly, though, I suspect that many potential Intel foundry customers are waiting to see how things go with Intel and Spreadtrum. Intel's pitch has been that it has the world's best manufacturing technology in terms of performance, power, and area. If Spreadtrum's products bear out those claims, then that could compel other smartphone applications processor makers to sign on with Intel rather than use TSMC or another contract chip manufacturer. However, if Spreadtrum's products don't enjoy a significant competitive advantage as a result of being built on Intel's tech, then Intel's near-to-medium term opportunities as a contract chip manufacturer for mobile processors may be limited until something fundamentally changes (e.g. Intel's technology becomes more competitive, it becomes more aggressive on pricing, or something else). Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 6, 2016 at 9:21AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $66.77 up $0.84 (1.27%) Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $29.20 up $0.35 (1.21%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
null
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»INTEL AKTIE»Light Reading's Women in Comms Joins Forces With Knect's Women in TMT at Broadband World Forum / Top Female Executives From Intel, Korn Ferry, TalkTalk and Orange Will Discuss Ideas on How to Retain and Promote Women at the Middle Management Level in the INTEL CORPORATION 32,552  Euro +0,101 +0,31 % WKN: 855681  ISIN: US4581401001 Ticker-Symbol: INL  Frankfurt | 16.11.16 | 08:00 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHalbleiter AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 DJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 32,527 32,675 08:43 32,538 32,632 08:42 06.10.2016 | 15:01 (108 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Marketwired·Mehr Nachrichten von Marketwired Light Reading's Women in Comms Joins Forces With Knect's Women in TMT at Broadband World Forum / Top Female Executives From Intel, Korn Ferry, TalkTalk and Orange Will Discuss Ideas on How to Retain and Promote Women at the Middle Management Level in the NEW YORK, NY -- (Marketwired) -- 10/06/16 -- Women in Comms (WiC), Light Reading's initiative to provide information, networking, mentorship, access to jobs and support for women in the next-gen communications industry, is proud to announce its participation in the upcoming Women in TMT KNect event at Broadband World Forum. For the organization's 11th panel discussion tackling the biggest issues facing women in the workplace today, leading female executives from Intel, Korn Ferry Futurestep, TalkTalk and Orange will be discussing the "middle in the muddle." According to McKinsey & Company, women in the workplace often find themselves grappling with three different scenarios: being unable to enter, stuck in the middle or locked out of the top. WiC's event, its third to take place in London, will focus on why women may get mired in the middle and how to fix the "leaky pipeline" problem for talented women in comms. Speakers will include Lorna Keane, Engineering Manager, Network Platforms Group, Intel; Erin Callaghan, Managing Consultant, EMEA Advanced Technology, Korn Ferry Futurestep; Alexandra Tempest, Director of Partners, TalkTalk Business; Jehanne Savi, Executive Leader of the All-IP & On-Demand Networks Programs, Orange Corp; and panel moderator Elizabeth Miller Coyne, Light Reading's Managing Editor. "While it's not uncommon to see females in middle management positions, they often either meet challenges progressing any further or leave the workplace at this time," said WiC Director Sarah Thomas. "This a phenomenon we want to better understand and begin to rectify. Our panelists -- all of whom have crossed the middle management hurtle and are working to help others do so too -- will shed light on how we can fix the comm industry's leaky pipeline. We're looking forward to an enlightening discussion, as always." This free event will provide both an informal setting for women and men in the industry to meet and network and a forum to exchange ideas, learn and grow. Women in Comms and its members are hosting this networking event on October 18 as part of KNect's Women in TMT meet-up at Broadband World Forum in London, sponsored by Accenture. All attendees are invited to stay for lunch and more great discussions following the WiC event. For more information and to register to attend the full event, please visit https://tmt.knect365.com/bbwf/women-in-tmt. Since January of this year, WiC has grown its membership to nearly 40 companies, including the industry's leading service providers, vendors and industry associations. WiC's current member roster includes founding partner Intel Corporation; presenting partners Dell, Flex, Nokia and Sprint; silver partners Ciena, Cisco, CommScope, Fujitsu Network Communications, Hitachi Consulting, Infinera, Netcracker, NetNumber, Parallel Wireless, Redknee and SAP; service provider partners AT&T, Boingo Wireless, CenturyLink, Charter Communications, Hyperoptic Ltd., Level 3 Communications, Rogers Communications, TalkTalk PLC, Verizon Communications, Vodafone Americas, Windstream and XO Communications; and partner organizations Alliance for Telecommunications Industry Solutions (ATIS), DFW - Alliance of Technology & Women, IEEE Women in Engineering, Open Networking Lab, Open Networking Foundation, OPNFV, NTCA - The Rural Broadband Association, Small Cell Forum and TM Forum. To learn more about Women in Comms and to join our efforts in 2017, please contact WiC Director Sarah Thomas at thomas@womenincomms.com or 913-486-9358. About Women in Comms Women in Comms is an independent organization, launched in January 2016 by Light Reading, with support from the largest comms companies across the globe. The organization focuses on providing information, networking, mentorship, access to jobs and support for women in the next-gen communications industry with the ultimate goals of empowering women, championing change and redressing the industry's gender imbalance. About Women in TMT KNect Women in TMT KNect is an open networking initiative, designed to both support and promote female leaders in tech, media and telco industries. It offers members thought-leadership and speaking opportunities at KNect's world-leading events to raise their profiles and enhance careers. Sarah Thomas 913-486-9358 thomas@womenincomms.com © 2016 Marketwired Nachrichten zu INTEL CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 00:51 "The Intel Of Your Generation is Nvidia!' Screams Cramer ► Artikel lesen Di Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech ► Artikel lesen Di Intel to invest over $250M in autonomous driving ► Artikel lesen Di Intel Is Making a Major Investment in Autonomous Vehicles ► Artikel lesen Di Intel Earmarks $250 Million To Fund Startups Working on Automated Vehicle Tech ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di Relatively Low Sales per Share Detected in Shares of Korn/Ferry International in the Human Resource & Employment Services Industry ► Artikel lesen 09.11. Personalberater Korn Ferry reagiert auf die Umbrüche in der Finanzbranche ► Artikel lesen 21.10. Korn/Ferry International is Among the Companies in the Human Resource & Employment Services Industry With the Lowest EPS Growth ► Artikel lesen 20.10. Deloitte hires five senior executives from Korn Ferry India ► Artikel lesen 17.10. Brokerages Set Korn/Ferry International Price Target at $29.50 ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu ORANGE SA Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Mo Orange to build 34 MW of solar projects in Jordan The Catalyst MENA Clean Energy Fund is beginning to put its money where its mouth is, with the equity financing of 34 MW of solar projects for telecommunications company Orange. Catalyst, which is supported... ► Artikel lesen Mo Analysts Set Orange SA Target Price at $17.47 ► Artikel lesen Mo Orange tests 4G in Garden City, Cairo; network 'ready to go' ► Artikel lesen Mo Wirecards Orange Cash-App unterstützt Apple Pay nun in Frankreich ASCHHEIM BEI MÜNCHEN (IT-Times) - Der deutsche Anbieter von mobilen Bezahllösungen Wirecard AG hat vermeldet, in Frankreich nun das Bezahlen per Apple Pay in die Orange Cash-App integriert zu haben.... ► Artikel lesen 09.11. Orange Supports Global Enterprise Demand For IoT Solutions in Brazil with Porto Seguro Conecta Orange and Porto Seguro Conecta are collaborating to support IoT (internet of things) projects in Brazil to meet the demand from multinational corporations. This Smart News Release... ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu TALKTALK TELECOM GROUP PLC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di A teenager has admitted hacking offences linked to TalkTalk data breach ► Artikel lesen Di TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump ► Artikel lesen Di Teenager admits TalkTalk hacking offences ► Artikel lesen Di Teenager admits TalkTalk hacking offences ► Artikel lesen Di Boy, 17, admits TalkTalk hacking offences ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart INTEL CORPORATION Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % INTEL CORPORATION 32,552 +0,31 % KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL 21,408 -1,19 % ORANGE SA 13,743 +0,68 % TALKTALK TELECOM GROUP PLC 2,084 -5,74 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
null
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Home Church & Ministries U.S. World Politics Entertainment living Opinion Microsoft Surface Phone News and Updates: Release Date Delayed Again? Business and Productivity Features Revealed By Christian Ver Marcelo Oct 6, 2016 | 1:56 AM Undoubtedly one of the most anticipated phone launches of the year, Microsoft is expected to unveil the new Surface Phones. However, with no confirmed release dates, excited fans keep on guessing when they could get their hands on the new device. Release Date Delayed Again Earlier reports have speculated that the Surface Phones will be released along with the Surface Pro 5 and the new desktop All in One from Microsoft. Microsoft is set to hold an event this month, with various tech blogs and fans predicting the launch of these devices. However, rumors have been increasing that the Surface Phones would not be launching together with the other Surface devices. This may largely be due to the fact that Intel has pulled out indefinitely from the mobile market. With Microsoft intending to incorporate Intel Kaby Lake chipsets in the Surface Phones, the company may be facing a challenge due to the pull out. Yes, I want Breaking Christian News Submit The earliest release date predicted for the Surface Phones is set sometime in 2017. This would make logical sense as it would give Microsoft enough time to acquire new chipset partnerships. This could also give Intel enough leeway to finish the Redstone processor in time for the release. Business and Productivity While the chipset is currently the subject of much controversy, other details and specifications of the Surface Phones have been rounding up the web. First off is the three variant scheme to be followed by Microsoft. There would be a basic model and a business model. The other variant still does not have any confirmed details. With Microsoft always gearing their products and services toward productivity, the Surface Phone is no different. The upcoming phones are reportedly going to target the enterprise sector, with at least one of the phone variants equipped with business-centric features. It is no secret that the Windows environment will make its way to the Surface Phone. However, the full extent of its mobile capability will be enhanced with major improvements and changes to be implemented in the new devices. Deeper integration with desktop and tablet devices would be heavily emphasized throughout the interface to define the Surface Phones' productivity features. Other Specs and Features The very capable Snapdragon 830 is the most likely candidate to power the device if Intel does not come through. This chipset, coupled with at least 3GB of RAM for the base model, 6GB for the next tier, and 8GB for the highest end variant, would deliver the smoothest performance in any device. Other specs such as the camera, the Continuum, the battery, and even the displays themselves would enhance the overall efficiency of every user. The only question now is whether Microsoft could still penetrate the smartphone market which is currently saturated with premium phones and phablets. With the right price, specs, and features, the Surface Phone might just be able to stand against the other smartphone giants. Most Popular Stories Assyrian Christians Congratulate Trump; Urge Protection from Genocide ISIS Taking Newborn Babies, Virgin Girls; on Rampage to Annihilate Christians, Says Catholic Priest A Roman Catholic priest who has been helping Christians, Yazidis, and other religious minorities facing genocide in Iraq and Syria said Islamic State militants separate families who live in terrorist occupied land by taking newborn babies and virgin girls while killing fathers and forcing young boys to plant bombs on the streets. Who is Reince Priebus? 5 Things You Should Know President-elect Donald Trump announced Sunday that Republican Party Chairman Reince Priebus will be his White House chief of staff. Pastor, Mother and Daughter With 'Angelic' Voice Killed in Crash After Band Competition An Indiana pastor, his mother and one of his daughters were all killed in a tragic accident Sunday morning just hours after his daughter and her high school teammates had performed at a national band competition. Here's What President Donald Trump's Cabinet Might Look Like President-elect Donald Trump is in the process of deciding who will serve in his new administration, and the list of possible picks includes both well-known and lesser-known figures. Christian Entertainers Speak Out Against Evangelicals for Supporting Trump Presidency Evangelical Christians proved to be a driving force behind Donald Trump winning the 2016 presidential election, but some high-profile Christian entertainers have voiced their disagreement with fellow believers who supported the candidate. Terms of Service Privacy Full Site © 2016 The Christian Post Company Swipe to read previous / next sections. Don't show this again! Got it!
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Execs from Facebook, Google, and Microsoft explain why they use Israel for their R&D Sam Shead Oct. 6, 2016, 3:30 AM 56,218 facebook linkedin twitter email print The beachfront in Tel Aviv, Israel.Flickr/Ilan's Photos Born just 68 years ago, Israel has developed a reputation as one of the world's most innovative tech hubs. Silicon Valley multinationals in particular have cottoned on, setting up offices in the region and acquiring numerous Israeli startups. Google, Facebook, Microsoft, and Intel are among more than 300 multinationals that have opened up research-and-development facilities in the country, which is home to just 9 million people. But what is it that makes Israel such a hotbed of innovation? Executives from each of the aforementioned US tech giants gave an audience of about 300 tech workers an insight during the DLD Innovation conference in Tel Aviv last week. Google's garage in the Middle East Google developer partner advocate Don Dodge said: "My job at Google is to travel all over the world and talk to developers and startups and investors. I've been to every corner of the earth. China, Japan, Australia, all of Europe, the Nordics, everywhere. There is no other country on earth that thinks the same way that we [Google] do like Israel does. "Israel truly is the 'Startup Nation.' You think like us. You break things, you make things, you're creative. It's special." Google, headquartered in Mountain View, California, first opened an office in Israel back in 2006, when the search giant was still something of a startup at just five years old. Google now employs more than 600 engineers in the country, and they work on several of Google's core products, including Search, Maps, and Live Results. About half of Google's engineers in Israel are graduates of Tel Aviv University, Dodge said. "There's an amazing source of talent here," he said. Google's office in Tel Aviv.Itay Sikolski Dodge said cheaper engineers in places like Russia, India, and China were often not as good: "It's about innovation, creativity, taking tremendous risks, understanding how to get to market. That's what Israel does. It's not about the cost." Google also has a dedicated startup space in Tel Aviv known as "Campus," which provides entrepreneurs with a place to start and grow their businesses. When an Israeli startup gets Google's attention, Google will move in and try to acquire it, drawing on the talent and expertise in that startup for future products and services. For example, it acquired the Israeli security startup SlickLogin, reportedly with the view to integrate its technology into its two-step verification process. "We've made a lot of investments in companies in Israel and we've acquired five of them," Dodge said. "Waze was the biggest at over $1 billion, and it was a great investment." Facebook focuses on the flip-flops Adi Soffer Teeni, the CEO of Facebook Israel, said the Palo Alto, California-based company first landed in Israel three years ago and now has a "small" R&D team in the country, in addition to a team that works directly with entrepreneurs in the local tech ecosystem. Facebook Israel CEO Adi Soffer Teeni.Flickr/DLD She said Facebook's engineering team in Israel recently played a key role on one of Facebook's most recent products, without naming exactly what that product was. When the moderator asked what made Israel such a unique place to do R&D, Teeni responded: "There's amazing talent here. Multinationals come here with great R&D centres and recruit people with a very innovative way of thinking." Teeni also stressed that the mentality and culture at Facebook's R&D centre in Israel was comparable to Facebook's R&D facilities in Silicon Valley, where engineers "move fast and break things" while wearing "shorts and flip-flops." "Something is happening here in Israel," she said. "There's a magic and it's not easy to explain what it is, but Israel's a playground where it feels like home for the multinational." Teeni also issued a warning to those working in Israel's well-established tech industry, saying other so-called startup nations were cropping up across Europe, perhaps referring to tech hubs such as London, Berlin, Stockholm, and Paris. She urged Israeli startups and engineers to get serious and focus on maturing their companies to stay ahead of the pack. Intel looks for ingenuity in Israeli startups Roy Ramon, the managing director of the Intel Ingenuity Partner Programme, said Intel was one of the biggest employers in Israel, with 11,000 workers across the country. The chip manufacturer first set up shop in Israel some 40 years ago, and it now operates several sites across the region, including a startup scouting ground. Ramon spoke proudly of the Israeli "chutzpah," a Yiddish word that derives from the Hebrew word ḥutspâ (חֻצְפָּה), meaning "insolence," "cheek," or "audacity." In business, the word is often used to describe an individual's self-confidence, and Ramon said it's a useful "tool" that Israelis have at their disposal. "The reason I started the startup programme is because when you [a corporate] meet with a company in Israel, they come in and tell engineers that they're doing it all wrong," he said. "They push everything off the table. These engineers have been doing this for years. They're world experts. And yet that startup is bold enough to come to a mammoth like Intel and say you're doing it all wrong. This is one culture that you can't get anywhere in the world." Microsoft's machine-learning mission Israel's cafe culture acts as a breeding ground for startups.Flickr/israeltourism Zack Weisfeld, the general manager of Microsoft Global Accelerators, said Microsoft had grown its R&D team in Israel to about 1,000 people since it opened up its first office in the country 25 years ago. "It's the first R&D centre we opened anywhere in the world outside of Redmond," he said. Weisfeld told Business Insider during an interview that a lot of "deep tech" was happening in Israel, adding that Microsoft was keen to work with the startups — and possibly acquire some — that are leading the way in fields such as artificial intelligence. "Most of the founders we see [in Israel] come deeply from the tech world and don’t come from the business world trying to solve a problem and then finding a technical cofounder," he said. "They really have a lot of IP (intellectual property) in the space and now they're putting it to play in all categories: agriculture, robots, health." Weisfeld added: "There is something about the culture, and something about the market understanding and business understanding that might be a little more rough [among Israeli startups] at the beginning, but at the end of the day, and if you get them to the right place, they're unstoppable." Some of the others The likes of Amazon and Apple are also developing new technologies in Israel R&D centres, albeit a bit more quietly. An Apple employee told Business Insider outside Apple's R&D centre — situated approximately 15 kilometers north of Tel Aviv — that Apple engineers in Israel were working on hardware for the "iPhone 8." There are about 800 employees at Apple's Herzliya R&D centre, which is about four years old and overseen in part by Johny Srouji, the senior vice president of hardware at Apple. Srouji gave Bloomberg a small insight into what happens in Apple's Israel R&D centre in February. The office was set up after Apple acquired two startups: the flash memory designer Anobit in 2012 and the 3D sensor developer PrimeSense in 2013. Apple has since acquired the Israeli camera firm LinX. Sources close to Apple said the company used the R&D facility in Herzliya to develop hardware such as chips, storage, cameras, and wireless technologies. Apple CEO Tim Cook said during a trip to Israel in 2015 that the Herzliya office was Apple's second-largest R&D facility in the world, according to The Times of Israel. Amazon also has an R&D presence in Israel. The company declined to say how many workers it had on the ground, but it did say they work on Amazon Web Services, the company's cloud business, and a range other other Amazon R&D projects. It also acquired the Israeli chipmaker Annapurna Labs in 2015 for a reported $350 million (£275 million). NOW WATCH: How to choose the best cut of steak — according to Anthony Bourdain Loading video... More: Google Facebook Israel Microsoft Intel facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Execs from Facebook, Google, and Microsoft explain why they use Israel for their R&D Execs from Facebook, Google, and Microsoft explain why they use Israel for their R&D Born just 68 years ago, Israel has developed a... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
+ get the new report Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business Trend Reports Consulting Experts Membership Events PSFK Launches Future of Retail 2017 Loading... menu Explore by Industry Industry> Automotive Beauty Consumer Goods Education Entertainment Fashion Finance Fitness & Sport Food Health Home Media Retail Technology Travel Demographic Demographic> Boomers Kids Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Location> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Trending> Food Sports Retail Work Activity Activity> Advertising Branding CRM Design & Architecture Experiential Product Launch Research About Consulting Events Experts Membership Reports Wallkit These Garments Show Your Stress Levels In Real Time Fashion Doc PDF PPTX Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Designer Hussein Chalayan is exploring the possibilities of emotion-tracking wearables during his runway show at Paris fashion week Conner Dial 5 october 2016 Over his extensive career, the fashion designer Hussein Chalayan has appropriated a variety of non-fashion items into his collections, including interior design, urban architecture and geometric figures. At his “Room Tone” show, premiering September 30th at the Spring/Summer 2017 Fashion Week in Paris, the designer used belts and glasses, powered by Intel’s Curie module, to express the models’ stress levels. During the show, five different models wore the Curie-powered smart belts and glasses, which measured and processed their stress level, then interpreted it into a visual projection on the runway wall. The glasses gather biometric data using a variety of sensors, and, using the Curie chip’s bluetooth capabilities, are transferred to the wearer’s 3D printed belt, which projects the visual translation onto the wall. The glasses were built with EEG electrodes on the temples to read asymmetrical brainwave activity, while the nose bridge houses an optical heart rate sensor and a microphone to detect breathing rates. Like the smart glasses, Chalayan’s belts are also supported with Curie. In addition to an Intel Compute Stick, which enables the belt to process and visualize the smart glasses’ bio-metrics, the belt houses a pico projector. The show explored themes relating to technology and human emotion, highlighting London’s contemporary politics with a series of voiceover commentaries. Hussein Chalayan worked with Intel to show that technology could be a vehicle to better peoples’ lives. The multinational tech company, known for its computer processors, has been exploring new, wearable outlets to showcase its technology. Intel’s Curie module, used in Chalayan’s collection, is a tiny, feature packed chip providing support to low-power wearables. The module can be incorporated into a variety of objects–and Intel’s IQ Software Kit encourages fashion, sports and lifestyle companies to develop smart, wearable designs. Though the apparel’s clunky, heavy aesthetic may not be suited for retail outlets, Hussein Chalayan hopes that the collaboration will live on even after Fashion Week in Paris ends. It may not be too far off that clothes will provide physical form and function, as well as tools for emotional stability. Hussein Chalayan Fashion Doc PDF PPTX Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Trending Fingertip Cameras May Help The Blind Read Without Braille Leo Lutero Posted October 5, 2016 Technology Travel Yesterday Electric Motorcycle Fits An Entire Car Battery In Its Frame The bike can be recharged using a household outlet and customized via the rider's computer Work Yesterday PSFK Features: Share PSFK With Friends And Coworkers As part of an ongoing series, we are highlighting some of the key features and tools to help you get the most out of your PSFK Membership Trending Get PSFK's Related Report: Future of Retail 2017 See All Arts & Culture Yesterday A Gun That Weaponizes Tears Designer Yi-Fei Chen created the device as an expression of the power of unloading negative feelings Media & Publishing Yesterday Chocolate Cookbook Blends Food With Design "How To Kill Yourself With Chocolate" is based on the subtle toxin Theobromine, which is commonly found in cocoa PSFK Membership Free trial: Get full access to the PSFK Creative Intelligence Portal for 30 days Related Expert Emily Pilloton Social Innovation Pioneer Cities Yesterday Düsseldorf Subway Replaces Advertising With Art A remodeled station in Düsseldorf, Germany, has turned itself into a gallery for commuters Retail Yesterday IKEA Built A Room To Look Like A Damaged Home In Syria The in-store campaign sheds light on the difficult living conditions in war-torn Damascus Retail Yesterday Jaguar Previews Their First Electric Vehicle, I-PACE The forthcoming electric SUV derives its DNA from a supercar, with the efficiency of an EV PSFK LABS REPORT Future Of Retail 2017 Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business NEW PSFK Op-Ed november 14, 2016 Customer Service Expert: Why Offline Retail Has Better Data Than Online Retail Healey Cypher, Founder and CEO of Oak Labs, shares why we should be thinking about the physical store as an e-commerce site PSFK Labs Yesterday Retail Spotlight: Home Depot Reimagines How Employees Conduct Tasks The home improvement retailer puts the customer first by initiating local fulfillment centers and simplifying freight-to-shelf inventory management Luxury Yesterday Rolls-Royce And Hennessy Offer Their Perspectives On The Future Of Luxury The brands agree that customers should receive exactly the kind of experience they want, but be surprised along the way Home Yesterday Coffee Table Creates Art Sculptures From Sand A one-of-a-kind design creates sand art creations right before your eyes PSFK Labs Reports Learn How: Download latest trends reports and business playbooks PSFK Labs Change now: Hire trend researchers, product conceptors and innovation experts Fashion Yesterday Hybrid Sunglasses Can Vibrate Music Through Your Skull Zungle has designed a pair of stylish eyewear that uses bone conduction to play music Fashion Yesterday Pop-Up Shop Helps San Francisco's Homeless Online startup CRACK + CIDER has set up a store that is selling cold-weather essentials that can be purchased for others PSFK Videos Watch Now: Study hundreds of change makers sharing their insights Gaming & Play Yesterday Children's Game Teaches Lessons About Entrepreneurship Combining the realms of analog and digital gameplay, Pizza Co. imparts lessons about business, while still being fun to play PSFK LABS REPORT Future Of Work Cultivating The Next Generation Of Leaders NEW Travel november 14, 2016 This New Hotel Brand Brings Co-Living To The Next Level Jo&Joe is a design-driven hostel concept created in response to the rise of the sharing economy Syndicated november 14, 2016 Mark Zuckerberg Discusses How Facebook Will Tackle The Issue Of Fake News The Facebook Chief acknowledged the issue of hoax stories and how far the social network should go to interfere PSFK Events Attend Now: Join us at one of our innovation and trend debriefs Sustainability november 14, 2016 Electric Truck Can Be Built In Just Four Hours Charge is a new easy to assemble a type of vehicle that is designed to be safe and better for the environment No search results found. add to: daily weekly subscribe Saved Search {{watchlistItem.title}} daily weekly subscribe 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Saved Keywords Email Alerts Favorites 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Shared 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Enterprise Content Monetization Platform. Custom-built, to meet your revenue model.Learn more This Startup Wants To Make Contact Lenses Less Expensive Health IKEA Built A Room To Look Like A Damaged Home In Syria Advertising Coffee Table Creates Art Sculptures From Sand Arts & Culture Electric Motorcycle Fits An Entire Car Battery In Its Frame Design & Architecture Retail Spotlight: Home Depot Reimagines How Employees Conduct Tasks Retail Hybrid Sunglasses Can Vibrate Music Through Your Skull Technology Düsseldorf Subway Replaces Advertising With Art Travel Chocolate Cookbook Blends Food With Design Food Nutritional Biosensor Knows If You've Been Eating Healthy Health Pop-Up Shop Helps San Francisco's Homeless Fashion Rolls-Royce And Hennessy Offer Their Perspectives On The Future Of Luxury Automotive [Inspiration] Look into the art behind 27 of the world’s most recognizable device sounds [Insight] Has the vegan movement finally started disrupting the food industry? [Inspiration] A design conversation with Bang & Olufsen + Paul Cocksedge [News] Uber rival Karhoo closes its doors after using up $250M in funding [Insight] What value does Twitter really give us, and why must it be saved? [Stat] Google Maps could be a $5 billion business by 2020 [News] Amazon will reimburse customers for in-app purchases made by kids [Insight] What’s the deal behind Snapchat’s new vending machines? [Insight] Google’s head of VR says video is key for mobile success [News] Facebook makes changes to its racially segmented advertising system [Inspiration] What path should designers take after the US election? [News] Nintendo’s new $60 console is perfect for retro gamers [Stat] Google Chrome reaches over 2 billion active installs [Insight] What a more unified Android experience mean for developers and consumers [News] Netflix introduces offline downloadable content options only for emerging markets [Insight] How Amazon Alexa and Google home offer a different approach to the home and privacy [Insight] Airbnb responds with a video to allegations of racial bias in the sharing community [Stat] Google Home is projected to overtake Amazon’s Echo in market share by 2020 [Insight] Take a look at The Verge’s new design and layout [News] Facebook adds support for Prisma art filters [News] Everlane opens a new retail space dedicated to cashmere [News] T-Mobile introduces a new device to bring WiFi access to cars [Insight] How a silicon valley investor played a big role in marijuana legalization in California [News] Facebook’s new job posting feature is a direct challenge to LinkedIn [Stat] Despite new payment advances, cash is still the most frequently used consumer payment option [Insight] What is Facebook’s overall AI strategy? [News] Intel’s new drones could be the first step towards flying billboards [Insight] What is the case against Netflix? [Inspiration] Music video follows a stationary bike being ridden in London [News] This app is trying to put an end to restaurant food waste SEARCH CONTENT BY VERTICAL Industry Automotive Entertainment Fashion Fitness & Sport Food Health Retail Travel Demographic Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Arts & Culture AI Cities IoT Luxury AR/VR Work Activity Advertising Branding Customer Retention Design & Architecture Media Experiential Product Launch Research Sign Up Newsletter Free Trial Membership Visit Us PSFK LLC 42 Bond Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 +1 646.520.4672 Contact Us Sales & Partnerships Editorial Submissions Careers More About Staff Wallkit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Good Gear Guide > Reviews > Intel Kaby Lake Review: What optimization can do f... Intel Kaby Lake Review: What optimization can do for a 14nm CPU There's no die shrink, but Intel's 7th-gen chip brings both a decent performance boost and buttery-smooth support for advanced video playback. Gordon Mah Ung (PC World (US online)) on 05 October, 2016 21:00 0 - - - - print email When Intel’s Kaby Lake CPU arrived at our doorstep in the form of Dell’s XPS 13 laptop, it was wrapped in foreboding. Hardware fans have long been in denial about the inevitable end of Moore’s Law. With Kaby Lake, Intel’s abandoned its relentless “tick-tock” march in favor of a slower “process-architecture-optimize” stroll. Semiconductor doomsday seemed nigh. Kaby Lake is the first CPU produced under Intel’s new plan. The plan started with a “tock”—a CPU shrink (22nm Haswell to 14nm Broadwell), then a “tick” of efficiency improvement (14nm Broadwell to 14nm Skylake). Intel wasn’t ready to produce another tock yet, though. Instead we got a second tick, an “optimized” 14nm Kaby Lake. The question is whether there really is much improvement from Skylake to Kaby Lake, or is Intel just stalling while it looks for a way to stretch Moore’s Law even further. I can say now that it’s a decent step forward. To find out just how much you get and where it’s from, you’ll have to read on. Gordon Mah Ung Intel’s 7th-gen Kaby Lake is built on a 14nm process similar to that of Skylake CPUs, but manufacturing tweaks give it a performance boost, the company says. How we tested A laptop CPU is inherently more difficult to review than a desktop CPU. You can’t isolate a laptop CPU like a desktop CPU—it’s part of a complete package. Each laptop vendor makes different performance decisions for thermals, power and weight, so it can be hard to suss out the CPU’s impact unless the laptops are exactly the same. Otherwise, you’re really comparing laptop A with laptop B. Fortunately, I had access to three generations of Dell’s excellent XPS 13. They’re not identical, of course, but they’re close enough that the comparison has some validity. I purposely selected tests that will minimize those differences. Meet the XPS 13s Gordon Mah Ung Kaby Lake, Skylake, and Broadwell power these three generations of XPS 13 laptops. The newest XPS 13 costs $1,100. It’s equipped with a 7th-gen Kaby Lake Core i5-7200U, 8GB of LPDDR/1866 in dual-channel mode; a 1920x1080, non-touch, IPS panel; and a 256GB Lite-On NVME M.2 SSD. I reviewed its predecessor last year. It has a 6th-gen Skylake Core i5-6200U, 8GB of LPDDR3/1866, a 1920x1080, non-touch, IPS panel and a 256GB NVMe M.2 Samsung SSD. Then there’s the original XPS 13, configured with a 5th-gen Broadwell Core i5-5200U. Because it was the entry-level model, it had 4GB of DDR3/1600RS in dual-channel mode and a 128GB M.2 SATA drive. It also had a 1920x1080, non-touch IPS panel. Prior to testing, all three laptops were reset, and all three were updated with the same Windows 10 version (OS 1607 Build 1493.222). All three also had the latest drivers and BIOSes applied from Dell’s support site. If your PC world tends to swing desktop, know that what we’re only looking at laptop Kaby Lake performance. Desktop CPUs (and quad-core laptop chips) are due early next year. Consider what you see here a preview of what you might see with the upcoming desktop CPUs. Gordon Mah Ung Three generations of XPS 13 laptops: On the left is the 1st-gen Broadwell. On the right is 2nd-gen Skylake, and in the middle is the latest: A 3rd-gen Kaby Lake version. Three 14nm CPUs enter a bar... Unlike previous generations, Intel now has three CPUs built on its 14nm process. I’ve lined up the comparative details from Intel’s ARK page. I’ve also included the Core i7-6560U chip used in the gold XPS 13 that occasionally appears in my benchmark charts. If you look at the specs below, you can find the main performance advantage Kaby Lake has—clock speed. Kaby Lake cores are, for the most part, identical to Skylake cores. By massaging the 14nm process squeeze out a CPU that can hit higher clock speeds. For example, where 6th gen Broadwell Core i5-6200U maxes out at 2.8GHz, 7th-gen Kaby Lake can hit 3.1GHz. So what does that 10 percent increase in clock give you? Let’s find out. Cinebench R15 multi-threaded performance First up is Cinebench R15. This test is based on Maxon’s real-world rendering engine and is a pure CPU test. That roughly 10-percent clock speed advantage the current Core i5-7200U has over the prior Core i5-6200U results in roughly a 10 percent bump. With the older Broadwell-based Core i5-5200, the gap widens to 20 percent. As for the gold XPS 13, you'd think its Intel Core i7-6560U and Iris 540 graphics core, with the ability to hit a maximum of 3.2GHz, would prove slightly faster than the Kaby Lake version, but it’s not. In fact, it’s slightly slower. I think the Kaby Lake Core i5 with its improved process is able to run at its highest clock speed speed for longer than the Skylake Core i7. That’s another testament to Intel’s “optimize” step. The 7th gen Kaby Lake Core i5 unit is surprisingly faster than the Core i7 by a smidge. Geekbench 4.01 performance While Maxon’s Cinebench R15 is based on a 3D rendering engine the company sells, Geekbench is a synthetic test that tries to simulate what it believes are real-world workloads. The test isn’t without controversy, but much of that is due to Primate Lab’s attempts to make it a usable cross-platform tool that would let you compare an iPad Pro to a PC. When you get involved in the quasi-religious wars between tech tribes, expect mudslinging. I won’t re-litigate the politics of it here, but the good news is Geekbench 4.01 is completely new, and Primate Labs seems to have taken much of the criticism to heart. Geekbench 4.01 tests cryptography, integer, floating point and memory tests. As I didn’t have Geekbench 4.01 for the gold XPS 13, I’ve omitted that laptop. The result is an unsurprising 11 percent performance difference. Moving on to the Broadwell XPS 13, Kaby Lake shows a very respectable 24 percent improvement in performance. That pretty much echoes what I’m seeing elsewhere. Geekbench 4.01 shows the 7th-gen Kaby Lake also ahead of the 6th-gen Skylake by a reasonable margin. Handbrake Encoding Performance Moving on to our final CPU-centric test, we use the free and popular Handbrake encoder to transcode a 30GB 1080P MKV file using the Android Preset. The test is mostly CPU-limited and loves multiple cores. On most ultrabooks, we use it as both a performance and thermal soak test to find out what happens to a laptop when it’s forced to heat up the the CPU for almost two hours. Typically, this is where you see the limits of the laptop’s cooling system. Performance often falls off as the it heats up—or the fans get loud. Historically, Dell’s XPS 13s have done really in this test, and that’s because Dell generally isn’t afraid to make a little noise in favor of performance. The results for the 5th-gen Broadwell and 6th-gen Skylake are as expected, with the 7th-gen Kaby Lake coming in about 11 percent faster than 6th-gen and the 24 percent faster than 5th gen. As for the gold XPS 13 with its Skylake Core i7-6560U. Despite having a higher maximum clockspeed of 3.2GHz, the Core i7 actually finishes slightly slower than the Core i5 unit. This seems to back up up my suspicion that the Kaby Lake Core i5, with its “optimized” process, can sit at higher clock speeds far longer than the Skylake Core i7 chip. It’s no surprise that the Kaby Lake CPU aces both its Skylake and Broadwell siblings by a reasonable amount. The surprise is beating the Core i7 Skylake chip. 3DMark Cloud Gate Graphics performance I didn’t get too heavy into the gaming performance of Kaby Lake, because like the CPU side, it’s very similar. The Kaby Lake chip has Intel HD 620 graphics, with 24 execution units and clock speeds of 300MHz to 1,050MHz. That probably sounds pretty similar to what you got out of Skylake’s Intel HD 520, which has 24 execution units and a clock speed range of 300MHz to 1,050MHz To gauge the performance of the laptops, I used Futuremark’s 3DMark Cloud Gate. It’s a synthetic benchmark, but its value lies in being a neutral title that doesn’t favor any particular vendor’s optimizations. The Cloud Gate test is well suited for integrated graphics gaming, too. In 3DMark, Kaby Lake comes in just 7 percent faster over the comparable Skylake chip. Over Broadwell’s Intel HD 5500, though, you get a very respectable 27 percent difference. Based on a 3DMark Cloud Score from the gold XPS 13 with Core i7-6560U chip. You can see where the Iris 540 graphics and its embedded 64MB of eDRAM pay real dividends. One thing that should be said: Intel says Kaby Lake graphics can play some eSports-level games at 30 fps with resolutions and settings turned down. It's nice that you’re getting near Iris-level performance in a standard CPU, but if games are going to be something of a focus in your laptop, get one with a discrete graphics chip (and with a Kaby Lake chip too). Using the graphics test of 3Dmark Cloud Gate, Kaby Lake is faster but not by quite the same margin over Skylake. The 64MB eDRAM cache in the Core i7 also pays off handsomely. Battery life is better, maybe One of the more difficult tests in a laptop is comparing battery consumption of different CPUs. Ideally, you’d test a laptop and then swap the CPU out and test again. That world doesn’t really exist anymore, because all of Intel’s mobile CPUs are soldered to the motherboard. The best-case scenario is what I have today. It’s not perfect but still an interesting comparison to make. In the interest of full disclosure though, I should mention there are key some key differences. Dell uses cells that are physically the same size, but due to denser batteries has increased the capacity. The Skylake-based XPS 13 has a 57,532 watt-hour battery, while the Kaby Lake-based XPS 13 has a 59,994 watt-hour battery. The other key difference, which may matter more, is the SSD. Both have 256GB SSD’s but the brands and rated power consumption are different. The Skylake unit has a Samsung PM951 NVMe drive which can use up to 4.5 watts, while the Kaby Lake unit has a Lite-On CX2 which absolutely sips power at 1.32 watts under load. What’s not clear is whether the Samsung drive is using a full 4.5 watts while being read from, or if that’s only a worst-case scenario. Ideally, both would have the same drive, but that’s out of my hands today. At least both pack 8GB of LPDDR3/1866. For our rundown test, I stuck with our standard workload, which is to play the open source Tears of Steel using Windows 10 Movies and TV with the brightness set to around 255 nits. Audio was on using a pair of ear buds and the tests were conducted in airplane mode. The result? The Kaby Lake in the 3rd-gen XPS 13 gives you an hour's more battery life than the Skylake version. Because these are laptops I can’t separate the CPU's role from the battery's, but at least we’re not going backwards. The Kaby Lake XPS 13 gives up slightly better battery life than the Skylake XPS 13, but other factors contribute to that outcome. Greatly improved video engine You know Kaby Lake’s magic on the CPU side is mostly a clock speed bump. Graphics? Another bump. The big upgrade is to the video engine, where Intel added a wealth of hardware support for such things as VP9 at 4K resolution and 10-bit color support for HEVC. To find out the practical upshot I used an Intel-supplied 10-bit HEVC file at 4K resolution. The file was actually the same open-source Tears of Steel video, but encoded at a 10-bit color depth. Using the same settings for the previous battery run-down test I wanted to see how much that hardware support for 10-bit HEVC mattered. As it turns out, it matters a lot. ,Battery life during playback of 10-bit HEVC video barely dented the Kaby Lake XPS 13 thanks to its hardware support. I can’t say the same for the Skylake XPS 13. As you can see, the Kaby Lake XPS 13's battery life is just over 10 hours. On the Skylake XPS 13, you take a yuge hit with Skylake tapping out at just under three hours. Ouch. Kaby Lake's dedicated hardware for playing back 10-bit HEVC on the graphics cores means the CPU can sit idle most of the time during playback. Skylake doesn’t have the same video hardware support, so decoding of that 10-bit content is shifted to the CPU cores, which must run at at far higher speeds to process it. The more you use the CPU, the more power you use. As a comparison test, I downloaded a pair of videos encoded in HEVC at 10-bit color depth from Jelly.fish.us. The files are provided so people can test network streaming performance. I didn’t stream them though--I just played the files directly from the SSD using Movies and TV. In this first screenshot you can see the Kaby Lake XPS 13 playing the 1080p version of the 10-bit HEVC file. Because the GPU is doing all of the work, the CPU is basically idling. With hardware acceleration of 10-bit HEVC video, the 7th-gen Kaby Lake Core i5-7200U is buttery-smooth playing both 1080p and 4K video. In the next screenshot, you can see the same file being played on the Skylake XPS 13 in Movies and TV. It’s pretty apparent what’s using all the power on the Skylake XPS 13: The CPU is working hard to decode that 10-bit content, and with both cores running at 2.7GHz during the playback. What’s worse: Rhe Skylake XPS 13 constantly drops frames even with the CPU running at near top speed. To put a finer point on it: The Kaby Lake XPS 13 can play the file at 4K resolution with 10-bit color and HEVC and still cruise, while the Skylake XPS 13 can barely play the 1080p version. Ouch. Intel says you can expect similar results for Google’s VP9 video too using the Chrome browser. VP9 is a video codec Google supports and how it encodes all videos on Youtube. I tried replicating Intel’s tests using Chrome on Youtube but didn’t have the network bandwidth at home to reliably stream two 4K VP9 videos simultaneously (one to each laptop). I see no reason to doubt Intel’s claims, though, as the claim about 10-bit content in HEVC is pretty crystal-clear. One thing that should be pointed out: 10-bit content is very rare today. One area I think it does matter though, is in HTPC use. If I were building or buying a machine to run my 4K-and-up television, I’d want Kaby Lake over Skylake in a heartbeat. This 1080p HEVC file encoded with 10-bit color depth will drag a Skylake Core i5-6200U to the ground. Conclusion In the end, Kaby Lake is a decent step forward. Is it as exciting as reading about a 10nm-based CPU? No. But it does deliver a margin of improvement that’s actually in line with the evolutionary steps that what we’ve seen from the last few generations of chips. Haswell to Broadwell gave us maybe 10 percent. Going from Broadwell to Skylake yielded similar results. Does it mean dump your Skylake laptop and rush out to buy a Kaby Lake laptop? No, not at all. However, when you’re looking at a 20 to 25 percent difference between Kaby Lake and Broadwell, then you start to wonder. As you get to Haswell, where it probably opens up to 30 to 35 percent, or Ivy Bridge and even Sandy Bridge, then yes, an upgrade would be a game-changer. Gordon Mah Ung Yes, you’d rather be reading about a 10nm CPU, but you build your PC with the chip you have, not the chip you wished you had. Brand Post Top 10 Things to Love about Surface Pro 4 More from Microsoft's Surface Pro 4 Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags intel Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Gordon Mah Ung PC World (US online) Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 2 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 3 ​Panasonic DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review: Best all-round TV ever? 4 ​Parrot Mambo Drone review 5 ​Evapolar USB air conditioner review Latest News Articles Congratulations to our Rapoo Xiro Xplorer V drone competition winner! Apple brings back the peach-butt emoji in iOS 10.2 beta 3 Overwatch's new Sombra character and Arcade Mode go live for everyone today 3D printer owners rate the best 14 machines Intel's latest Xeon chips based on Skylake due next year Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review A 5 Minute Chat With Major Nelson 100 Best things at PAX Australia 2016 so far Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTProfessional Learning Facilitator - Information ManagementVIC FTAssociate Financial PlannerVIC CCFull Stack Developer - Be a part of the innovation programVIC CCWeb Application SupportSA FTNetwork Solutions SpecialistVIC CCConfiguration ManagerNSW FTSystems Engineer - Managed Service ProviderVIC CCSIEM SpecialistVIC FTTechnical Services Engineer - Spanish speakingNSW CCAgile Iteration ManagerNSW CCProject Manager- Procurement & Government BackgroundNSW TPProject Manager - EnterpriseACT CCDigital Product Manager - CanberraACT FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Manufacturing ConsultantACT TPSharepoint Content Management SpecialistACT CCBusiness Case Developer - GovernmentNSW CCContract Analyst Programmer (JavaScript) 161115/AP/325Asia FTSenior Insight AnalystVIC TPSharePoint ConsultantNSW CCInfrastructure Architect- MiddlewareACT FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Manufacturing ConsultantSA CCContract Analyst Programmer (Java/Oracle/Unix) 161110/AP/vhaAsia FT2 x Firewall Engineer - Permanent - IT Services - SydneyNSW FTSenior UX/UI DesignerNSW CCContract Programmer (Lotus Notes/Web/Network) 161122/P/362Asia Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Are networks prepared for the live virtual reality experience? computerworld.com.au Cybersecurity skills “chasm” widening as Trend Micro joins rush to stake its claim cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Sony builds on distie partnership with Alloys arnnet.com.au Ladbrokes Australia gets first GM of customer experience and innovation cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Username Password Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?

Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Partners With Luxottica To Make Smart Glasses Will the chipmaker’s latest foray into wearables help it gain momentum against rivals like Qualcomm? Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Oct 5, 2016 at 9:23PM Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) recently partnered with eyewear giant Luxottica's (NYSE:LUX) Oakley brand to launch Radar Pace, a pair of smartglasses designed for athletes. The Radar Pace features personalized training programs, tracks heart rate and performance, and guides athletes with a real-time voice activated coaching system. The Radar Pace. Image source: Oakley. The "coach" is powered by Intel's Real Speech voice recognition system, and athletes can use the integrated Bluetooth headset to make calls, dictate texts, or listen to music. But will these new smartglasses succeed where Alphabet's Google Glass failed? Or will it remain another niche product in the market of pricey wearables? Why Intel is making smartglasses Intel's partnership with Luxottica isn't its first major move into the wearables market. It previously developed a $1,000 luxury bracelet called MICA with high-end retailer Opening Ceremony, partnered with Fossil to develop fitness trackers and smartwatches, developed biometric earbuds which measure a user's heart rate with SMS Audio, and acquired wearables maker Basis Science to launch the Basis Peak smartwatch. Intel made all those moves for two main reasons. First, it had to diversify away from the slowing PC and data center markets by expanding into adjacent markets like wearables, connected cars, smart appliances, and other Internet of Things (IoT) gadgets. Second, it needed to widen its moat against ARM licensees like Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), which dominated the smartphone and tablet markets and threatens to do the same in the IoT market. Unfortunately for Intel, the numbers suggest that ARM chips are already winning that battle. Earlier this year, Qualcomm declared that it already controlled "more than 80%" of the Android Wear market. Apple Watch, the world's most popular smartwatch, also runs on a custom ARM chip, while Google Glass was powered by an ARM chipset from Texas Instruments. Google Glass. Image source: Google. In response, Intel has launched a wide variety of low-power chipsets and modules, like the SD card-sized Edison and button-sized Curie, for IoT and wearable devices. It even launched a TV show, America's Greatest Makers, to promote those chips. Yet Intel's IoT revenue rose just 2% annually, and accounted for just 4% of its sales last quarter -- indicating that they won't offset its weaker PC chip sales anytime soon. What this deal means for Luxottica The Radar Pace is much less meaningful for Luxottica, which controls roughly 80% of the eyewear market with its first-party brands Ray-Ban, Oakley, and Persol; its licensed eyewear for top brands like Chanel, DKNY, and Ralph Lauren; and its brick-and-mortar retailers LensCrafters, Pearle Vision, and Sunglass Hut. Oakley is one of Luxottica's top brands, but a single pair of smartglasses probably won't move the needle very much for its parent company. Therefore, I believe that Oakley's Radar Pace is more of an experimental play which complements the brand's other "high-tech" glasses. Those glasses include its Airwave ski goggles, which features a heads-up display with GPS, jump tracking, caller ID, and text messaging features, and its Thump MP3 glasses. Pursuing niche users instead of mainstream ones Google Glass failed because people didn't like to be secretly recorded, and the design looked awkward. Snap is taking another stab at the market with its new Spectacles, but that device could also flop due to the same challenges. That's why other companies are now targeting niche markets instead of pursuing mainstream users. Sony's SmartEyeglass and Microsoft's HoloLens, for example, are initially targeting enterprise users to make their jobs easier. Intel and Oakley's Radar Pace also follows that example by targeting hardcore athletes and outdoor enthusiasts. It's unclear how many "high tech" glasses Oakley has sold, but it's been selling the Thump since 2004 and the Airwave since 2012 -- indicating that the same customers might embrace the Radar Pace. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Leo Sun owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Apple, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Fossil and Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Oct 5, 2016 at 9:23PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $66.77 up $0.84 (1.27%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Luxottica Group NYSE:LUX $51.91 up $0.06 (0.12%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Linux FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Solus Is Getting Optimus Support, AMD Hybrid Configuration Support Coming Soon Exclusive GO As part of a standardized and cross-platform implementation Oct 6, 2016 01:45 GMT  ·  By Marius Nestor  ·  Share:  If you have a computer with an AMD hybrid configuration with Intel HD integrated graphics, and you're running the newest GNU/Linux distributions, chances are the AMD Radeon GPU is not properly supported. It just happens that we have an Acer laptop that features such hybrid configuration, and we're using the latest Ubuntu 16.10 (Yakkety Yak) operating system on it, which should be officially launched on October 13, 2016. We did an upgrade from Ubuntu 16.04 LTS (Xenial Xerus), but things have not improved at all. The problem is with AMD, which no longer offers a graphics driver for its older Radeon GPUs, such as the AMD Radeon HD 8750M (with 2 GB RAM) we're running on said laptop. It's a four-year-old GPU, but according to this notebookcheck.net benchmark, it's decent to run some nice games from two-three years ago, better than the integrated Intel GPU. So not only that you won't have control over the discrete AMD graphics card, you'll have to open a terminal emulator and run the "DRI_PRIME=1 program" command (where 'program' is the executable of a certain application, e.g. DRI_PRIME=1 steam) to use an app with it. All good, running the respective command is not so much of a hustle these days, especially that you can add some workarounds to make those apps to always run with the dedicated GPU, but the real problem here is that the open-source amdgpu and radeon drivers integrated into the kernel offer a poor experience. Here's how the Solus developers are helping fix the problem We all know by now that the Solus development team have been doing a great job lately with their rolling operating system, bringing you all the latest software versions and GNU/Linux technologies as soon as they're out, but they are also working to make the Open Source and Linux community a better place. They've provided us with the excellent Linux Steam Integration project that aims to better integrate the Steam client into various GNU/Linux operating systems, and they are now promising to bring full support for Optimus configurations (systems with Nvidia hybrid discrete graphics) to Solus users. And they won't stop there, as Solus Project leader Ikey Doherty tells us in a recent conversation that the team is working hard on a new project, called linux-driver-management, which promises to offer cross-distribution graphics support for multiple vendors and hybrid configurations, including AMD, and finally plug this gap in the Linux world. "The initial version of the tooling will focus on enabling a mutually exclusive configuration change, i.e. switching between the on-board and dedicated for all graphical operations for the duration of the uptime," says Ikey Doherty exclusively for Softpedia. "Once that groundwork has been laid, we'll incorporate dynamic switching between the onboard and dedicated GPU, with a view to per-app configuration being eventually supported." The linux-driver-management project, when it's ready to take over our Linux desktops, will replace the in-house built DoFlicky and gl-driver-switch tools for the Solus operating system. It will also be accompanied by a standardized library providing core discover-ability and configuration for hybrid graphics configurations. More details can be found at https://github.com/solus-project/linux-driver-management#rationale. Sneak preview of what we'll be working on after Solus 1.2.1 and Optimus support are finalised - the start of rich UIs for Solus. pic.twitter.com/jC6L5RkGnN — Solus (@SolusProject) October 5, 2016 #Solus#Optimus#hybrid graphics#linux-driver-management#Linux subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Linus Torvalds Apologizes for Inclusion of a Kernel Bug in the Linux 4.8 Release Mad Max Open World Action-Adventure Video Game Is Coming to SteamOS and Linux - Updated Debian Project Needs You to Vote for the Final Debian Linux 9 "Stretch" Artwork Docker 1.12.2 App Container Engine Is Almost Here, Second RC Brings More Fixes Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year Firefox 50.0 Officially Released for Linux, Mac and Windows, Here's What's New Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year X.Org Server 1.19.0 Officially Released, Coming Soon to a Linux Distro Near You Red Hat Software Collections 2.3 and Red Hat Developer Toolset 6 Available Now Linux Kernel 4.4.32 LTS Adds Networking Improvements, Updated AMDGPU Drivers    Optimus support is coming to Solus New Linux Apps openSUSE Linux: The new and improved SUSE Linux operating system, a community-driven distribution Linux Kernel: What you are about to download is the core of all the Linux operating systems in the world Linux Kernel: The core of the Linux operating systems, created and maintained by Linus Torvalds Tor Browser: Browse the web anonymously with the custom and private web browser from the Tor project KDE Frameworks: This project contains all the KDE libraries and code base for KDE applications and platform darktable: Your personal virtual lighttable and darkroom, photography workflow & RAW management application LFA (Linux For All): A 64-bit only Linux-based operating system that features four desktop environments Reader comments Load old comments   Major Cryptsetup Vulnerability Affects Some LUKS-Encrypted GNU/Linux Systems more on: CVE-2016-4484 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
null
Sign in Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Sign in / Join SIGNUP TO BREAKING NEWS ALERTS LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password THISDAYLIVE Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Home Nigeria Intel Reiterates Commitment to Connect Women to Technology Intel Reiterates Commitment to Connect Women to Technology October 6, 2016 0 305 Intel Emma Okonji To further connect women and girls to the boundless opportunities on the internet, Intel has said it would continue to create awareness for the ‘Intel She Will Connect Mobile App’ initiative. The ‘Intel She Will Connect Mobile App’ is a platform for women and girls to learn how to use mobile devices, personal computers (PCs) and the internet safely. The key highlights of ‘Intel She Will Connect Mobile App’ include the step-by-step approach with interactive activities and simulations on how to use a computer and mobile phone; an introduction on how to use the internet to research health and wellness information, education, and starting a business; Inspirational stories from women on how technology is enhancing their lives; valuable tips on Internet safety and social media usage like Facebook. It is designed for women in sub-Saharan Africa who are new to digital devices and the internet. Speaking on the usefulness of the app at a ‘She Will Connect Mobile App’ hands-on-session in Lagos recently, Intel Digital Empowerment Director for Community Education, Marne Dunn, stated that research has shown that there is a huge digital divide in technology and there are 25 per cent less women online in developing countries and the number rises to 43 per cent in sub-Saharan Africa. “To help bridge the existing digital divide, the Intel She Will Connect Awareness App was created, and it is a fantastic tool that NGOs, individuals and even schools especially in rural areas can adopt to educate girls on digital literacy,” Marne said. According to Marne, “The ‘She Will Connect Awareness App’ is a perfect app for women to learn how to use mobile devices, PCs, and the Internet safely. This app aims to promote gender equality through awareness, basic education, and sharing inspirational stories of women who have benefited greatly by connecting to the Internet. This app includes easy-to-understand learning instructions, clean modern visuals, educational games, and useful tips.” The ‘She Will Connect Mobile App’ can be downloaded from the Google Play App store on any Android device and can be used seamlessly without internet access once downloaded. Previous articleASUS Announces VivoBook X541, X441 Next articleFacebook Now Available in 101 Languages, Says Zuckerberg Online Editor RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Breaking Dasuki Declines Govt’s Offer of Temporary Release to Bury His Dad Breaking Another Commanding Officer, Eight Soldiers Killed in Boko Haram Ambush Breaking Senate Returns List of Non-career Ambassadorial Nominees, Clears Career Diplomats 848,965FansLike 670,280FollowersFollow Latest News Dasuki Declines Govt’s Offer of Temporary Release to Bury His Dad November 16, 2016 Another Commanding Officer, Eight Soldiers Killed in Boko Haram Ambush November 16, 2016 Senate Returns List of Non-career Ambassadorial Nominees, Clears Career Diplomats November 16, 2016 New Survey Says Thousands of Kids Dying in North-east November 16, 2016 Creating Opportunities, Rethinking STEM Education November 16, 2016 THISDAY Today (Download) Download Tuesday 15th November 2016 November 16, 2016 0 Recent Comments Communicado on Dasuki Declines Govt’s Offer of Temporary Release to Bury His Dad Omooba Adekunle Orafidiya on Another Commanding Officer, Eight Soldiers Killed in Boko Haram Ambush rayden on America’s Different Election ficus on Another Commanding Officer, Eight Soldiers Killed in Boko Haram Ambush Shehu on We’re Gonna Make America Great Again THISDAY STYLE LAWYER ‘I haven’t failed’ against Boko Haram Nigeria Al Jazeera: Muhammadu Buhari: ‘I haven’t failed’ against Boko Haram March 6, 2016 22 MOST COMMENTED Nigeria WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 403 Davidson Iriekpen President Muhammadu Buhari has appealed the ruling of Justice Adeniyi Ademola of the Federal High Court in Abuja who on May 26, 2016... Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 LATEST Dasuki Declines Govt’s Offer of Temporary Release to Bury His Dad November 16, 2016 Another Commanding Officer, Eight Soldiers Killed in Boko Haram Ambush November 16, 2016 Senate Returns List of Non-career Ambassadorial Nominees, Clears Career Diplomats November 16, 2016 New Survey Says Thousands of Kids Dying in North-east November 16, 2016 Creating Opportunities, Rethinking STEM Education November 16, 2016 MOST COMMENTED WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 403 Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 ABOUT USFounded on January 22, 1995, THISDAY is published by THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD., 35 Creek Road Apapa, Lagos, Nigeria with offices in 36 states of Nigeria , the Federal Capital Territory and around the world. It is Nigeria's most authoritative news media available on all platforms for the political, business, professional and diplomatic elite and broader middle classes while serving as the meeting point of new ideas, culture and technology for the aspirationals and millennials. The newspaper is a public trust dedicated to the pursuit of truth and reason covering a range of issues from breaking news to politics, business, the markets, the arts, sports and community to the crossroads of people and society. Contact us: hello@thisdaylive.com FOLLOW US About Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD.

▲ top Features Calendar Local Global Other Home About Contact Subscribe Calendar Publish Donate Regions north coast central valley north bay east bay south bay san francisco peninsula santa cruz california us international Topics animal lib anti-war arts + action drug war education en español environment global justice government health/housing immigrant media activism labor lgbti / queer police state racial justice womyn International americas haiti iraq palestine afghanistan More make media get involved photo gallery feature archives fault lines links Donate Help support grassroots independent media. $36.00 donated in past month IMC Network From the Open-Publishing Calendar From the Open-Publishing Newswire Indybay FeatureRelated Categories: U.S. | Arts + Action HIDDEN The following post may have been a test post, a duplicate, or could have been hidden if it violated this site's Points of Unity. If you think this item should not have been hidden, first make sure it wasn't posted twice and you were just unable to find the other copy of the post. If that was not the case, you can contact the editorial collective by e-mailing indybay@lists.riseup.net. ANOTHER RUSSEL BRAND BLURG AND CAN SLING TURDS !AND ANY BOWIE DURGE HEARSE CAN CATCH NASA by HITLERSON WARMACHT Wednesday Oct 5th, 2016 1:43 PM TOO MANY WORDS AND TURDS TO GO SUESS ME ME FOR WORDS YOU TURDS THEN ANYY ATTORNEY TURDS DIVES OUT TOO ANY LAWYERS TURDS ! SUE YOUR SELF DISCOURAGING APPLE MICROSFT TURD WORD YO INTEL TURDS BUMPIN ON ANY OMEN RUNE TARDS YA GOT ! © 2000–2016 San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center. Unless otherwise stated by the author, all content is free for non-commercial reuse, reprint, and rebroadcast, on the net and elsewhere. Opinions are those of the contributors and are not necessarily endorsed by the SF Bay Area IMC. Disclaimer | Copyright Policy | Privacy | Contact | Source Code
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   Google Introduces Pixel Smartphone Models, VR Headset       Google Introduces Pixel Smartphone Models, VR Headset     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2016-10-05 Print               DAILY VIDEO: Google unveils Pixel, Pixel XL phones, plus Daydream View VR headset; Federal agencies working with states to guard voter data security; Intel starts sampling Stratix 10 FPGA accelerators; and there's more.   Latest Videos Sponsored Videos 'Smart' Light Bulbs Vulnerable to Cyber-Attacks, Researchers Show DAILY VIDEO: Researchers show even 'smart' light bulbs are threatened on IoT; Kaspersky alleges... Apple Store Selling Refurbished iPhones at a Discount DAILY VIDEO: Apple refurbished iPhones again being offered in the Apple Store; Google pulling the... Samsung Aims to Incorporate AI in Galaxy S8 Smartphones DAILY VIDEO: Samsung evaluating AI for use in Galaxy S8 smartphones; LG begins Android 7.0 Nougat OS... Apple Drops Prices of MacBook Pro Dongles After Complaints DAILY VIDEO: Apple drops MacBook Pro dongle prices after customer pushback; Samsung says some 85% of... Samsung Gear S3 Smartwatches to Go on Sale Nov. 18 DAILY VIDEO: Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch preorders began Nov. 6; Huawei launches Fit sports and... Red Hat Adds Security Features to RHEL 7.3 DAILY VIDEO: Red Hat rolls out RHEL 7.3 with better security; Office users gain a... Microsoft Launches Teams Collaboration Platform for Office 365 DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft launches Teams, a rival to the Slack collaboration platform; Microsoft rebukes... Samsung Investing $1B to Boost Chip Production in Texas Facility DAILY VIDEO: Samsung will invest $1 billion in its Texas chip facility; ARM unveils chip cores for... Microsoft Releases PowerApps and Flow for General Availability DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft to release PowerApps and Flow on Nov. 1; Microsoft woos MacBook owners with... PC Makers Continue to Innovate to Jump-Start Weak Sales DAILY VIDEO: PC makers continue to innovate despite a slowing market; Microsoft Office will support... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: Google Unveils Pixel, Pixel XL Phones, Plus Daydream View VR Headset Federal Agencies Working With States to Guard Voter Data Security Intel Starts Sampling Stratix 10 FPGA Accelerators Microsoft Squeezes Power BI Reports Into Smartphone Screens       Today's topics include Google's unveiling of its new Pixel smartphones and Daydream View VR headset, the Department of Homeland Security's effort to protect voter registration data, Intel's release of its Stratix 10 FPGAs and Microsoft's move to make it easier to use Power BI on smartphones. Google's long-rumored Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones, as well as its all-new Daydream View VR headset, were finally unveiled Oct. 4 after months of speculation, bringing new entries to both markets from the giant in online search. The smartphones, which were designed and engineered by Google, are available immediately for preorder, starting at $649 for the Pixel phone, which has a 5-inch display and 32GB of onboard storage, and at $769 for a Pixel XL, which has a 5.5-inch display and 32GB of storage. The new Daydream View virtual reality headset is priced at $79 and will arrive in November. At launch, users will be able to view YouTube videos, Google Street View content, Google Play Movies and more. Voter registration officials in 21 states have contacted the Department of Homeland Security to request help in dealing with attempts to break into their voter registration systems. Responding to a letter sent from the bipartisan leadership of the House and Senate, Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson reiterated his earlier messages about the willingness of his department to help states deal with cyber-attacks aimed at the voting process. So far, 20 states have experienced intrusions of sufficient severity that are considered causes for concern by DHS. The department has not said which states have been attacked. This is a significant increase since earlier this year, when only two states had reported being attacked. At this point, there are few details about what the hackers were after, although in most cases it appears it was voter registration databases rather than voting machines or the IT systems that support voting results. Intel has begun sampling its Stratix 10 programmable chips, which the company expects to use as accelerators in data center environments running compute- and data-intensive applications. In a blog post Oct. 4, Dan McNamara, corporate vice president and general manager of Intel's Programmable Solutions Group, wrote that company engineers were able to combine the chip maker's 14-nanometer tri-gate manufacturing process with its HyperFlex fabric architecture. This allowed them to develop a field-programmable gate array that will address the growing demands from end users for more performance and power efficiency as they try to manage the proliferation of smart, connected devices and the huge amounts of data they're producing. Intel is aiming the Stratix 10 FGPAs at such workloads as data center applications, cloud computing, radar and imaging systems, and network infrastructure. Power BI reports are getting a mobile makeover. What looks good on a desktop browser doesn't always translate well to mobile displays, and so Web developers are adopting responsive designs and other mobile optimizations that help content shine despite the cramped quarters. Microsoft is following suit with a preview of a new mobile viewing mode for reports authored on the company's cloud-powered business intelligence platform, Power BI. Once a user publishes a report using the Power BI Desktop client, the service automatically scales and resizes its various elements, enabling them to render properly on a variety of mobile screen sizes.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy NEWS & ANALYSIS: Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal NEWS & ANALYSIS: Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race NEWS & ANALYSIS: 7nm SRAMs, 10nm SoC at ISSCC NEWS & ANALYSIS: 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced SPONSORED: Spend $3.14 at Arrow.com, get a FREE Raspberry Pi 3! Blog What Makes a Good Manager for Engineers? Tom Lacey, CEO, Tessera Technologies 10/5/2016 02:26 PM EDT  5 comments   post a comment NO RATINGS 2 saves Login to Rate Tweet Over my 30-plus years in the semiconductor industry, I've had the opportunity to learn and work for some great managers, manage exceptional people and build stellar teams. Here's what I've learned. It’s often been said that businesses don’t fail, leaders do. Creating a company with strong leadership and management can be the difference between winning and losing in the market. Over my 30-plus years in the semiconductor industry, I’ve had the opportunity to learn and work for some great managers, manage exceptional people and build stellar teams. I was fortunate to spend 14 of my more than 30 years in tech as an employee and senior executive at Intel. Although not my direct manager, Andy Grove’s influence and strong management culture permeated all aspects of Intel. I learned a lot from that strong workplace culture, but five things really stuck with me and helped me a great deal in my post-Intel career (including being a 3-time public company CEO) as I built world-class, high-performing organizations: 1)   Hire great people that offer diversity in thought and skills and continue to develop them. If people aren’t up to the job requirements and if performance management hasn’t worked — upgrade your team. Absolutely do not accept mediocrity. World-class companies and organizations are comprised of world-class people. Managers shouldn’t micromanage – it isn’t necessary if you have great people, and is an indicator of a subpar team. 2)   Have absolute clarity of roles and responsibilities. Make sure people know exactly what is expected of them and let them excel. 3)   Use data to make decisions wherever possible. It is straight math … by making data-based decisions, one makes the right calls more frequently. 4)   Have an open workplace culture that encourages people to speak up and to address problems quickly. Every single company has problems… the better companies solve the small problems before they become big problems. In some cases, managers are the last one to see or hear about a problem, thus it is necessary that people throughout the company are comfortable highlighting problems (and ideally suggest recommendations to address them). 5)   Leaders are role models. They have very high expectations of themselves and continue to raise the bar. People very closely watch the way managers walk, talk and act. Managers should always be aware that their actions and words have the power to either positively or negatively impact their employees. These five lessons have helped shape my viewpoint on management and what I look for when building teams.   Good managers build high performing organization that consistently delivers world-class results. They know that to build a well-functioning, high performance team, it’s important to have diversity of thought and skills. You can’t achieve this by hiring a collection of people that are too similar, or worst still, a clone of yourself. Unfortunately, many managers make this mistake … ending up with a team that thinks just like the manager and thus has blind spots that ultimately can cause substantial strategic challenges. A good manager for engineers requires both solid and broad technical acumen and good management/leadership skills. It’s important that engineers respect the technical skills/acumen of their manager and also respect their management/leadership skills. Engineers, by their nature, are very inquisitive and usually exhibit a stronger-than-average desire to continue to learn. The ideal manager is capable of providing challenging tasks, while at the same time helping improve their team members’ technical skills. In order to get engineers to perform at their best, managers must hire great people, set clear roles and responsibilities and continue to raise performance expectations of themselves and their team. It’s also important for managers to clearly communicate how each engineer’s work contributes to the success of the overall company. Building a high performing, strong workplace culture requires a commitment by managers to hire and coach great team members that are diverse in their thinking and skill sets, who get to know each other, who respect each other, and who ideally like, and enjoy working with each other. Along with setting clear roles and responsibilities, and continually having high expectations of themselves and the team, successful managers and leaders understand the power, and take seriously the challenge, of creating a strong workplace culture that’s built for success. —Tom Lacey is the CEO of Tessera Technologies. Email This Print Comment Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Author Re: best managers Bert22306   10/15/2016 5:36:02 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Amen to that, Wayne. Matter of fact, what you wrote explains why I got stuck on #5, while reading the article. I can agree with much of what came before #5, but I'm sorry, I don't look at managers as "leaders," much less "role models." Gimme a break.  Managers are more those who have to run interference, to keep the corporate mickey-mouse at bay. Managers who think of themselves as leaders are the problem. Those with high turn-over in their groups. The best manager I've ever had was fantastic. First of all, he could not tolerate BS, not from the top and not from us either. What you would call "real." He called towing the corporate party line "drinking the cool-aid." He had a special knack for seeing through facades. I've never met anyone who could read a person more quickly. And he trusted that we knew what we had to do. An amazing combination. I'm not saying that a young engineer, just starting out, can be expected to be self-directing. But it's usually going to be the more senior engineers to show him the ropes, until the younger one has the confidence to know how to proceed, without having to be told every step of the way. And please save us from the idiotic, ceremonial meetings, which the less capable managers seem to love. An opportunity for them to simultaneously be spoonfed what they should learn on their own, or by asking the right person without tying up everyone else, and to pontificate, to "prove" to themselves they are "leaders." The best managers by far are those who don't play-act the role. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: best managers GordonScott   10/14/2016 12:24:25 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Amen to that. I learned most of the good stuff and applied it as best I could (nobody's perfect). But I'll add a couple of things to worst managers.  The two directors from where I recently quit.  One had thought, wrongly, that I had been recruited by the parent company to take his job from him, so put every obstacle he could in my path to, the other has a huge ego, a thin skin, and essentially zero technical understanding, so he pretty much did the same to protect his ego.  I'm forbidden from telling which company. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author best managers anon3887601   10/7/2016 1:57:59 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate I used to work for a major telecom manufacturer, now defunct.  I've had managers who were both abysmal and outstanding. The best managers I had took advantage of their employee's strengths, but never held them back when learning new things was desired or necessary.  This included aiming high with assignments and responsibilities, when they knew the engineer could do it even if the engineer themselves were uncertain. One of the best managers I ever had summed up his philosophy thus: "I want my engineers to live a BS free existence".  He never micromanaged or interfered with his engineers' work unless they were in trouble and needed help.  He ran interference to shield them from corporate political games, and he backed his staff 100% unconditionally in times of controversy.  Every one of the people who were under him who later became managers themselves turned out to be exceptional managers.  Many followed him to other companies after ours went down. And I might as well add this.  The *worst* managers were those who only cared about meeting schedules and deadlines, often to the detriment of the end product's quality.   Wayne   Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author How does this add value for our customer? DCH0   10/6/2016 11:26:03 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate I fully agree with #3 "Use data to make decisions wherever possible. It is straight math ... by making data-based decisions, one makes the right calls more frequently."  One of the best effects of this is to eliminate favoritism and implicit discrimination. I have ended some bad side channel comments by simply asking How is this adding value for our customer? Of course, data to make decisions is only effective if you know which data you should be using. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Counterpoint - Intel Management spike_johan   10/5/2016 6:32:44 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate I spent 10 years with Intel working in a variety of roles as an engineer. And in all honesty I wasn't successful there. I blame myself for being a better engineer than I was a politician. I should have listened to the warning bells when a senior Intel manager confided in me that 'It wasn't what you do that makes you successful here. It's the perception of what you do.' So perception was more important to management in my organization than solid engineering: on schedule, under budget, and delivering a quality system kind of thing. Those solid engineering values I learned in the Texas oil patch where there was accountability. Output was indeed measurable. And output was the metric by which engineers lived or died. Shoddy engineering was not tolerated in Texas. Intel drove the stake through the heart of many a fine engineer by burying them in meetings and bureaucracy. Andy Grove might have been a great man and a great leader but his skills didn't translate down the foodchain. And I will always remember Intel mid-layer management being nothing more than a tremendous disappointment. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 11/16/2016 1:27:50 AM daveburstein Junko Dino Flore, quoted in the article, made claims that Qualcomm was honorable enough to disown in the note at the end. Saying that LTE is clearly better than DSRC based on... 11/16/2016 1:27:50 AM daveburstein Junko Dino Flore, quoted in the article, made claims that Qualcomm was honorable enough to disown in the note at the end. Saying that LTE is clearly better than DSRC based on... 11/16/2016 1:15:39 AM Dr. Slump I think the reason Qualcomm wants LTE-based rather than IEEE 802.11-based solution is the licensing $$$. As you may know the most important profit (not revenue) of Qualcomm is... 11/16/2016 12:56:16 AM mojo_jojo Isn't $8B for Harman a lesser valuation given their annual revenue of $6B ? I thought typical valuation for a company will be around 3X the annual revenue. 11/15/2016 10:58:05 PM resistion https://news.samsung.com/global/samsung-expands-its-advanced-foundry-offerings-with-14lpu-and-10lpu-processes "Due to limitations of current lithography technologies, 10LPU is... 11/15/2016 8:57:04 PM pscalare I don't seem to be able to find these chargers on MPJA website. Too bad. I would have snapped up a bunch of them. 11/15/2016 7:12:55 PM TonyTib My guess is that they're surplus, e.g. Columbia Sportwear's rechargeable socks didn't sell so well, so MPJA bought a bunch at a firesale price.  The original cost might be... 11/15/2016 7:08:31 PM Sang-Yun 5x is the price difference between 3D XPoint and NAND flash memory components. In case of SSD, other components, such as SSD controller and DRAM buffer, are needed. So, the price... 11/15/2016 7:05:32 PM Sang-Yun Tanj, check the following article for more infromation about 3D XPoint.  "3D XPoint Steps Into the Light" - http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1328682. In addition,... 11/15/2016 6:44:29 PM TanjB This article makes a lot of claims about 3D Xpoint - materials, capital equipment, price levels at different densities - which seem both surprising and likely to be sensitive... Navigate to Related Links Intel Preps its AI Strategy Supercomputer Aims for Exascale Hock Tan Carves Up Brocade Microsoft Speeds Open Hardware SUSE Preps Linux for ARM Servers Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 65 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  62   Why, Windows 10, Why?  53   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  37   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  36   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  27   Robo-Car's Safety Challenges DoT  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  26   Another Tesla Crash, What It Teaches Us  14   Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal  12   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  9   3D XPoint  Reality, Opportunity, and ...  8   Coating Stops Exploding Batteries  4   Lowly Bus Gets Reinvented  4   Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy  4   DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Myce.com Latest Updates Myce.com Home News Reviews Forum About Contact Home News Reviews Forum About Contact 3 0 0 Go Register Log In Netac N580 m.2 SSD review Toshiba HK4E SATA 1600GB Enterprise SSD Review Samsung 960 Pro M.2 NVMe 1TB SSD Review Toshiba Canvio Connect II 3TB USB 3.0 Hard Drive Toshiba OCZ VX500 512GB SSD Review Crucial Ballistix Elite 3000MHz and 3200MHz DDR4 RAM review Crucial Ballistix Tactical DDR4 RAM review Corsair Neutron XTi 480GB SSD Review Toshiba Canvio for Desktop 6TB USB 3.0 Hard Drive Micron 9100 MAX 2.4TB NVMe Enterprise SSD Review – The New Performance Champion Toshiba OCZ RD400 M.2 NVMe SSD Review Kingston UV400 480GB SSD review – A budget drive Home News No support for new Intel Cannonlake and Coffeelake CPUs planned for Windows 10 LTSB Posted 05 October 2016 17:33 CET by Jan Willem Aldershoff Microsoft will not support the upcoming Intel Cannonlake and Coffeelake CPU architectures in its current Long-Term Servicing Branch version of Windows 10. Users who want support for the next generation Intel CPUs will require a regular ‘current branch’ Windows 10 version. The next update of Windows 10 LTSB is expected by 2019. In the meantime Intel has scheduled to release two new CPU architectures, but these won’t be officially supported. The LTSB version of Windows 10 is designed for long term support of hardware and software. It receives security updates but doesn’t get any new features, including no support for newer hardware. Michael Niehaus, Director of Product Marketing at Microsoft, told Heise.de the company is aware of the problem but, “officially every new CPU and chipset requires a new version of Windows, which is the same for LTSB versions.” Because the next LTSB version is expected for 2019, users of the current LTSB build 1607 can’t use any of the new CPUs. The expected Intel Cannonlake and Coffeelake architectures will only be supported by ‘current branch’ Windows 10 versions, such as installed on most computers. Normally new LTSB versions should be released every two or three years, however Microsoft also released an update for together with the Anniversary Update. The first LTSB version saw the light in 2015 together with the RTM version of Windows 10. According to Niehaus the problem is discussed inside Microsoft and with Intel, but he is unable to give any details on a possible solution because the CPUs and chipsets are not available yet. “In the past you only needed new drivers to support new CPUs and chipsets, however nowadays chipsets need specific setting in the operating system to work with reasonable performance and battery life.” Related Forum: Latest News Headlines Related Tags: intel windows 10 microsoft Microsoft extends Windows 10 support with a year Intel restricts overclocking of Skylake CPUs with BIOS update CPUs require Windows 10 from Intel Kaby Lake and AMD Bristol Ridge onwards Microsoft updates Windows Lifecycle Fact Sheet with Windows 10 support end date Xercus Moderator Posted on: 05 Oct 16 16:29 Now, this is hardly headline material. Like the article states, the LTSB editions were made to support mission critical legacy installs and and as said "the installs you do today will continue to work for the next 10 years" (provided they are initially compatible with the LTSB edition in question) The LTSB editions does not even get feature updates, only security and mission critical legacy installs does not necessarily need support for any new 'lake' processor as long as it is possible to install it virtually on an Intel Xeon processor (being the currently most probable) or older hardware. 1 Agree aztekk MyCE Rookie Posted on: 05 Oct 16 20:51 Windows 10 LTSB will still run on those CPU's, only with less power saving options. So I don't see why this is news to anyone, it's always been this way for old Windows versions. 2 Agree tatobrutto New Member Posted on: 14 Oct 16 11:16 I’m working for a large organisation with 8000 users working in multiple business. Like a lot of other companies around the World we are trying to figure out how to migrate to Windows 10. One of the first task is to find the correct branch of the Enterprise version of Windows 10 (CB, CBB, LTBS) that will fit best our needs. Easy? Not at all! When I heard about LTSB the first time I was enthusiast. I thought: “-Finally MS has understood that a considerable part of the enterprises, focus on custom business applications and needs a very stable, wide compatible, secure and customizable OS. Enterprises will happily pay for needed features (or apps) because this usually means there is a kind of ROI with them. Home’s features are not needed nor welcome in an well-organized company because they may deconcentrate users out of their business and also need extra (useless) maintenance (security hole/patches/fix/…)”. But sorry, I was wrong! MS will drop support for Windows 7 on Kaby Lake CPU before the end of the extended support of Windows 7. Now MS (seems, I hope not decided yet) will NOT supports Cannon Lake CPU with Windows 10 LTBS. It’s quite easy to everyone imagine a strategy against enterprise customers that have paid billions dollars during the past decades and that have made MS what is now. Let hope someone in MS will clarify soon, once and for all, that Enterprises are still a recognized customer type that deserve working tools and support. If Windows 10 Enterprise LTSB cannot “survive” a new incoming hardware during its support timeframe, than it’s not even a branch option. Missing, i.e. some new power management features, is one thing, losing support, is another story. If MS really want to help Enterprise migrations to Windows 10, than it should now release an official clear statement about LTSB support and educate its consultants because, at the moments, they seems confused like us. 6 Agree Register Login Register to Myce.com Register in 10 seconds, pick a username, enter your mail address and proof you're human, that's all! Username required An username is required and can only contain letters and numbers E-mail required Email is required, we'll send the password there Create account Welcome back Sign in with your Myce account. Not a member yet? Create an account Username A username is required and can only contain letters and numbers Password A password is required Login Post your comment Your message: Post comment Hot Threads Lite-On iHAS122-Fjadburner, last post: rainydiary 13 Samsung SE-506ABjadburner, last post: jadburner 256 hosts filecholla, last post: coolcolors 284 New build--some opinions and suggestions wantedgonca, last post: vroom 3 Moser Baer IndiaOC-Freak, last post: pepst 143 You've got to read this! ExpressVPN: is its claim of being the fastest VPN on earth correct? Fri 11 Nov 05:11 by DoMiN8ToR In this review we're going to look at the service provided by VPN provider ExpressVPN... Kaspersky Lab files complaint against Microsoft for giving unfair advantage to Windows Defender Thu 10 Nov 07:11 by DoMiN8ToR Russian antivirus vendor Kaspersky Lab has asked antitrust regulators in various coun... New Google Safe Browsing website allows users to report phising sites and malware Fri 11 Nov 07:11 by DoMiN8ToR Google has launched a new Safe Browsing website where users can easily report phishing sit... Google gets tough on websites that repeatedly contain malcious content Wed 9 Nov 06:11 by DoMiN8ToR Google will start to mark websites that repeatedly contain harmful content, the search gia... Google Play Music will play music based on your location, activity and the weather Mon 14 Nov 07:11 by DoMiN8ToR Google's music streaming service Play Music will start to suggest music based on the locat... Latest Comments Thanks for posting our news, Wombler WhatsApp privacywise anyway - oh, that may be out of line in this context Quote: Originally Posted by... Quote: Originally Posted by... Not exactly a shining example of good customer service but then we've seen... Christ, now what are we? Zombies? Soon they'll select the movie to stream... Quote: Originally Posted by... Quote: Originally Posted by... What's going on? rainydiary added a forum post to Lite-On iHAS122-F Mr. Belvedere added a forum post to Funny pictures you've found on the net jadburner added a forum post to Lite-On iHAS122-F rainydiary added a forum post to Lite-On iHAS122-F jadburner added a forum post to Lite-On iHAS122-F Myce.com settings Several settings at Myce.com can be changed, they are stored in cookies, which means they will be reset if you clear Myce.com cookies Background Change the background to a plain color or trianglified image (similar to the default image) None / Default White Black Grey Artic Blue Indian Summer Gorgeous Green Salmon On Fire Purple Rain Grey Pink Baby No tracking features At Myce most social media feature are done server side and impose no privacy risk to the visitor when not used. Several features use Javascript with you can turn off here Remove Facebook / Google Plus tracking Remove advertisements Layout Switch to the List layout for an index with chronologycally listed news items or Grid layout for a block based layout. To see the change you need to reload the page Grid(default) List Submit Back to default × Content News Reviews Forum Hardware Forums SSD and HDD Blu-ray Burners General Hardware Blank Media Memory Cards Software Forums Video Edit Burning Software Movie Copy Windows 10 Android Legal Privacy policy Terms Cookie policy About About Brand & Award guidelines Advertising Contact Powered by Philaeum Wetboeken.online Follow us
null
null

MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Wacom announces MobileStudio Pro Windows 10 tablets targeting creative professionals 1 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Oct 5, 2016 at 15:01 GMT1 month ago Wacom today announced MobileStudio Pro series tablets to take devices like Surface Pro 4. These devices are full-featured Windows 10 PCs powered by Intel processors that will allow you to run professional creative 2D, 3D and CAD applications. You can choose from two mobile display sizes (13-inch and 16-inch) and six different feature configurations. You can choose up to 16GB of RAM, 4K display, an Intel CoreTM i7 processor and NVIDIA Quadro graphics – with up to 512GB of storage. You can also select models that include built-in Intel Real Sense camera and scanning software – perfect for product designers, CAD engineers and 3D sculptors who want to capture real world objects to start their creative process. The new etched glass surface provides the perfect amount of resistance to recreate the familiar feel and control of pen on paper. It comes with the new Wacom Pro Pen 2 that is more sensitive, more accurate and more responsive than any pen they have ever made. Configurations, Pricing and Availability: Wacom MobileStudio Pro 13: four models come with an IPS high-brightness panel, 2.5K (WQHD) resolution and 96% Adobe RGB. Customer options are defined by Solid State Drive (SSD) size – 64GB ($1499 USD), 128GB ($1799 USD), 256GB ($1999 USD) and 512GB ($2499 USD). Wacom MobileStudio Pro 16: two models are fit with an IPS high-brightness panel, 4K (UHD) resolution and 94% Adobe RGB. There’s a 256GB ($2399 USD) with NVIDIA Quadro M600M with 2GB VRAM and 512GB ($2999 USD) with NVIDIA Quadro M1000M with 4GB VRAM. The 3-D camera is available on both models of the Wacom MobileStudio Pro 16 and on the 13 model’s 512GB version. Wacom MobileStudio Pro is expected to be available online and at select retail locations in late November. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related MobileStudio Pro 13 MobileStudio Pro 16 tablets Wacom MobileStudio Pro windows 10 Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending WhatsApp for Windows Phone updated with many new features by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac by Pradeep 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 21: All About Alcatel’s superphone by Andrew Bennett on November 11, 2016 During this week’s episode of the MSPoweruser Podcast, Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett cover some of the week’s Microsoft news. This week’s topics include the Alcatel Idol 4S... Subscribe Now Windows 10 ‘Battlefield 1’ November update released for Xbox One and PC by Greg Jordan on November 16, 2016 DICE has just released the fall update for the Xbox One, PC, and PS4. The update is 1.6 GB PC and 1.9 GB on Xbox One. The update includes a number of gameplay changes based on community feed... Tablo over-the-air DVR app now available on Xbox One by Pradeep Tablo over-the-air DVR app is now available for Xbox One in the US and Canada. Download the app from Xbox Store to begin watching live and recorded Over-the-Air TV. Tablo is a network-based ... HP announces the world’s first mini workstation by Pradeep HP today announced the world’s first mini workstation targeting users in CAD and other compute-intensive industries.The new HP Z2 Mini is only 2.3” high is 90% smaller than a traditional... ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ Survival DLC comes to Xbox One an... by Greg Jordan Xbox U.S. today announced that the long awaited “Survival” DLC update for ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ will arrive to Xbox One and PC on November 22. This is f... Windows 10 will soon allow third-party alarm apps to break-through Quiet Hours by Sean Chan A very neat feature on Windows 10 is Quiet Hours, which allows users to stop notifications from apps during a certain period of the day/night. Quiet Hours can also be quite useful when you a... Deals Deals Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for this Black Friday Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Deal: Get $150 off Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 PC from Microsoft At IFA 2016, Lenovo announced its Yoga 910, the successor to the popular Yoga 900 convertible laptop. Yoga 910 comes with a 13.9-inch 4K display, redesigned keyboard, a larger trackpad, a fi... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 128GB storage for $899 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4G... Deal: Microsoft offering Xbox One S Bundle and free game for $299 Despite Black Friday being right around the corner, Microsoft believes that you shouldn’t have to wait to enjoy the savings off of its newest console. That’s why from November 4 ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $749 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $150 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Deal: Get huge discounts on the original Surface Book Amazon US is now offering huge discounts on the original Surface Book device. The entry-level Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for just $1199.... Deal: Entry-level Surface Book now available for just £1,049 John Lewis is now offering the entry-level Microsoft Surface Book for just £1,049. Entry-level Surface Book comes with Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM, 128GB storage and detachable 13.5”... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
null
null
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Systems Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Smartphones Mobile Intel Google Snapdragon 821 Pixel Motherboards GPUs Asus Home> Systems Zotac ZBOX CI523 nano Fanless Skylake-U mini-PC Review by Ganesh T S on October 5, 2016 8:00 AM EST Posted in Systems ZOTAC Fanless HTPC Passive Cooling Mini-PC Skylake-U 35 Comments | Add A Comment 35 Comments + Add A Comment Introduction and Platform Analysis Performance Metrics - I Performance Metrics - II Networking and Storage Performance HTPC Credentials Power Consumption and Thermal Performance Miscellaneous Aspects and Concluding Remarks Passively cooled computing systems are popular amongst consumers worried about noise from fans and their associated maintenance requirements (particularly, for industrial use-cases). Traditionally, fanless high-performance PCs have come with a high price tag. However, with the focus on low-power Core-series CPUs by Intel, we have many vendors targeting this market segment with affordable models. Zotac started a new lineup of passively cooled ultra-compact form factor (UCFF) machines in the C-series back in mid-2014. Initially, the members of the series utilized either Atom-class or -Y series CPUs (with a sub-10W TDP). With Skylake, Zotac has re-engineered the design to accommodate 15W Skylake-U CPUs. This review focuses on evaluating the performance and thermal design of the Zotac ZBOX CI523 nano, a fanless NUC-style machine designed to go against the Intel NUC6i3SYH (based on the Intel Core i3-6100U). Introduction Zotac's fanless C-series mini-PCs have been generally been well-reviewed and can be credited with bringing affordable passively-cooled high-performance computing systems to the average consumer. We reviewed the three different families in the first-generation - the Haswell-Y-equipped ZBOX CI540 nano, the AMD A6-1450-equipped ZBOX CA320 nano and the Bay Trail-M-equipped ZBOX CI320 nano. Out of these three, the Haswell-Y probably put the most stress on the thermal design with a 11.5W TDP / 6W SDP. However, our thermal stress test showed that the design was able to handle that without any hiccups. With the latest C-series announced in tandem with other Skylake mini-PCs, Zotac has gone in for a slightly larger and heavier solution to handle the higher TDP of the Skylake-U series. In order to maintain affordability and price-competitiveness against the corresponding actively-cooled Intel NUC, Zotac has opted for DDR3L SO-DIMM slots (instead of DDR4) and support for 2.5" SATA drives only (no M.2 slot). Hardware Design and Platform Analysis The Zotac ZBOX CI523 nano comes in a barebones configuration as well as PLUS configurations. The latter includes a single RAM stick (one slot left empty for future upgrade by the end user) and a SSD. We were sampled the barebones configuration. In order to complete the build, we used Corsair's Vengeance DDR3L 2133 MHz 2x 8GB kit and a 500GB Crucial MX200 SSD. The specifications of our review configuration are presented in the table below. Zotac ZBOX CI523 nano Specifications Processor Intel Core i3-6100U Skylake, 2C/4T, 2.3 GHz, 14nm, 3MB L2, 15W TDP Memory Corsair Vengeance CMSX16GX3M2B2133C11 9-9-9-28 @ DDR3L-1600  2x8 GB Graphics Intel HD Graphics 520 Disk Drive(s) Crucial MX200 CT500MX200SSD1 (500 GB; 2.5in SATA 6Gb/s; 16nm; MLC) Networking Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3165 (1x1 802.11ac - 433 Mbps) Realtek RTL8168/8111 PCIe Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Audio 3.5mm Headphone and Microphone Jacks (Realtek ALC892) Capable of 5.1/7.1 digital output with HD audio bitstreaming (HDMI) Display 1x DP 1.2 (3840x2160 @ 60 Hz) 1x HDMI 1.4b (4096x2160 @ 24Hz) Miscellaneous I/O Ports 2x USB 3.1 Gen 2 Type-C 2x USB 3.0 Type-A 2x USB 2.0 Type-A 1x SDXC Slot Operating System Retail unit is barebones, but we installed Windows 10 Pro x64 Pricing (As configured) $320 ($640) Full Specifications Zotac ZBOX CI523 nano Specifications Buy Zotac ZBOX CI523 nano on Amazon.com The kit doesn't come with any OS, but we installed Windows 10 Pro x64 for our benchmarking purposes. The package does include a CD as well as a read-only USB key with the Windows 10 drivers. Other than the main unit, we also have a 65W (19V @ 3.42A) DC adapter, a user manual and a quick start guide, metal tabs and screws for VESA mounting, a thermal pad for the 2.5" drive and a dual-band Wi-Fi dipole antenna. The dimensions of the CI523 nano come in at 146.4mm x 126.5mm x 60.5mm, making it slightly larger than the NUC6i3SYH at 115mm x 111mm x 48mm. The internals get an upgrade compared to the previous C-series units: instead of the thermal pad over the SoC / CPU, we now have a substantial heat-sink (pictured in the gallery below, courtesy of ComputerBase.de). The underside of the chassis also has a metal plate with ridges to aid in VESA mounting. The ridged plate is part of the thermal design to take away the heat from the DRAM and the 2.5-inch drive on the bottom side of the board. This is aided by thermal pads that are affixed to those components and make contact with the bottom part of the chassis. Otherwise, the chassis and thermal design are similar to the previous generation units - a honeycomb design with a mesh inside to help in the convective cooling process. Gallery: Zotac ZBOX CI523 nano - Chassis Design and Internals Moving on to the other features of the CI523 nano, we have two USB 3.1 Gen 2 Type-C ports in the front panel that are enabled by an ASMedia ASM1142 controller. A USB 3.0 Type-A port is placed vertically above these two Type-C ports. Audio jacks and a SDXC card slot, along with the power button and some status LEDs round out the front panel. The rear panel has two USB 2.0 ports and a USB 3.0 port (all Type-A), a RJ-45 Gigabit LAN port, HDMI and Display Port (full-size) outputs and a RP-TNC connector for the Wi-Fi dipole antenna. The Zotac ZBOX CI523 nano is based on the standard Skylake-U platform with the Sunrise Point-LP PCH integrated in the same package as the CPU. There are a maximum of 16 possible high-speed I/O lanes in a Skylake-U system, and they can be configured in a flexible manner. The PCIe lanes in our configuration of the ZBOX CI523 nano are distributed as follows: PCI-E 3.0 x2 port #4      In Use @ x1 (Realtek RTL8168/8111 PCI-E Gigabit Ethernet Adapter) PCI-E 3.0 x1 port #5      In Use @ x1 (Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3165 AC HMC WiFi Adapter) PCI-E 3.0 x1 port #12    In Use @ x1 (ASMedia ASM1142 USB 3.1 xHCI Controller) In the table below, we have an overview of the various systems that we are comparing the ZOTAC ZBOX CI523 nano against. Note that they may not belong to the same market segment. The relevant configuration details of the machines are provided so that readers have an understanding of why some benchmark numbers are skewed for or against the ZOTAC ZBOX CI523 nano when we come to those sections. Comparative PC Configurations Aspect ZOTAC ZBOX CI523 nano ZOTAC ZBOX CI523 nanoZotac ZBOX CI320 nanoZotac ZBOX CI540 nanoASRock Beebox N3000-NUCLogic Supply Core-ML320ECS LIVA CoreLogic Supply ML100G-30 CPU Intel Core i3-6100U Intel Core i3-6100U GPU Intel HD Graphics 520 Intel HD Graphics 520 RAM Corsair Vengeance CMSX16GX3M2B2133C11 9-9-9-28 @ DDR3L-1600 MT/s 2x8 GB Corsair Vengeance CMSX16GX3M2B2133C11  9-9-9-28 @ DDR3L-1600 MT/s 2x8 GB Storage Crucial MX200 CT500MX200SSD1 (500 GB; 2.5in SATA 6Gb/s; 16nm; MLC) Crucial MX200 CT500MX200SSD1 (500 GB; 2.5in SATA 6Gb/s; 16nm; MLC) Wi-Fi Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3165 (1x1 802.11ac - 433 Mbps) Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3165 (1x1 802.11ac - 433 Mbps) Price (in USD, when built) $640 $640 Performance Metrics - I Introduction and Platform Analysis Performance Metrics - I Performance Metrics - II Networking and Storage Performance HTPC Credentials Power Consumption and Thermal Performance Miscellaneous Aspects and Concluding Remarks Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 35 Comments View All Comments leegroves86 - Wednesday, October 05, 2016 - link "Processor Intel Core i7-6500U" Eh, maybe that's supposed to read 'Intel Core i3-6100U' Reply ingwe - Wednesday, October 05, 2016 - link Wow yeah. That is a big difference. I looked at the price and couldn't believe that it was an i7. Then I kept reading and realized it wasn't an i7. Reply YSJ - Wednesday, October 05, 2016 - link HWinfo on the Power Consumption page says it's an i5-6200U Reply ganeshts - Wednesday, October 05, 2016 - link Guys, the i7 mention is a table porting typo from the previous review. It has been fixed. The core count / frequencies / cache size were fixed correctly after the copy-over. Apologies for the typo. The HWiNFO representation is erroneous because Zotac uses the same product ID string for both the CI523 nano and CI543 nano. The latter uses the Core i5, and HWiNFO gets confused because of that. The AIDA64 report confirming the Core i3-6100U (if it wasn't obvious from the multiple references to it in the text of the review and also the frequencies in the graphs) is here: http://images.anandtech.com/reviews/mini-pcs/AIDA-... Reply JoeyJoJo123 - Wednesday, October 05, 2016 - link No dual LAN, no interest. I'd really like Zotac/Gigabyte/Intel to make a SFF NUC-like PC with dual LAN so that I can buy one to be used as a pfSense router. I'd highly prefer not to be stuck with an anemic pentium/celeron chinese off-brand pfSense router... Reply ganeshts - Wednesday, October 05, 2016 - link Zotac has the fanless CI545 nano for that : https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01GOK0HS4/ GIGABYTE has the -L series Skylake BRIX units. We just reviewed one a couple of weeks back: http://www.anandtech.com/show/10689/gigabyte-gbbsi... Reply JoeyJoJo123 - Wednesday, October 05, 2016 - link OH! AWESOME! There's even an affordable barebones for less than $150, too, here: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0179S50UU/ Thanks, Ganesh! Reply damianrobertjones - Wednesday, October 05, 2016 - link Imagine a world where you can buy a USB ethernet adapter! :) Reply ganeshts - Wednesday, October 05, 2016 - link Latency is an issue with USB Ethernet adapters. In addition, for pfSense and other networking applications, some of the hardware acceleration features / offloads provided by Intel NICs can help provide better overall performance. USB Ethernet adapters are fine for the average use-case, but, I wouldn't suggest using them for any performance-sensitive scenarios. Reply Flying Aardvark - Wednesday, October 26, 2016 - link They still have to be better than Wii U wifi. :/ Reply 1 2 3 4 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News OnePlus Launches The OnePlus 3T ECS Preps LIVA Z: Apollo Lake-Based Nettop with 4K and USB-C Support Toshiba Finalizes Plans for New 3D NAND Fab: Coming Online in 2019 AKiTiO Introduces Node: Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Box for $299 AMD @ SC16: Radeon Open Compute Platform (ROCm) 1.3 Released, Boltzmann Comes to Fruition ASUS ROG GT51 Desktop: Overclocked i7-6700K, GTX 1080 SLI, 64 GB DDR4, $4999 HTC Announces the HTC Bolt - A Sprint-Exclusive Smartphone for LTE Plus NVIDIA Announces Record Q3 FY 2017 Results Best Android Phones: Holiday 2016 Alienware 13 R3: Quad-Core CPU, GeForce GTX 1060, QHD OLED, VR Ready AOC Launches the AG352QCX: 35-Inch 200 Hz 2560×1080 Curved Display with Adaptive-Sync BenQ Announces the ZOWIE XL2540: 24-Inch 240 Hz Full-HD Display 'for e-Sports' TWEETS RyanSmithAT: @FouzanWasTaken @IanCutress Sorry, I don't have the 460 version. I have the 455 version, the same as the other press RyanSmithAT: Random PS4 observation: most games don't have manuals. Like at all. IanCutress: @wccftechdotcom source? RyanSmithAT: RT @anandtech: Commercial NAS Operating Systems - A Comprehensive Overview of Core Features https://t.co/alP0HFcLqZ IanCutress: @cavemanjim Give us a shout if you've got time for lunch while you're here IanCutress: @tom_forsyth Hits peak efficiency at the dvfs point then duty cycles. OS still sees non dc freq… https://t.co/QCO9Nvvwgc RyanSmithAT: @XxVcVxX We're not able to reply to everyone. But if your app meets our approval, you should hear from us by mid-December RyanSmithAT: @Dafuqizwrong Many of our editors are part time IanCutress: I can't submit an @EE broadband bug report with dashes or parentheses in description. Wow, that's bad XSS/DB security at the expense of UX. IanCutress: If you're paying someone you describe as an expert to star in an advert for your product, how is said person impartial? ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices ganeshts: @DanMatte Yup,including TB3 ports is a great value-add for any computing system, but we need other ports also for practical purposes ganeshts: No doubt that USB-C is the future, and adoption should be driven up. The Q is - are notebooks having ONLY those por… https://t.co/kgVGy6Tpip ganeshts: .@Krewell Thunderbolt 3's versatility should be complementary to existing ports, not full-blown replacement. Apple's usage not convincing ganeshts: @guspaz @troywolv That is the problem with ISPs that also deliver TV. IPTV / OTT cut into that revenue segment, caps are a counter Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Win a Gigabyte GTX 1070 G1 Gaming Bundle [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Mainboard CPU Components News 2 All Asus 100 series motherboards Kaby Lake ready via BIOS updates by Mark Tyson on 5 October 2016, 12:00 Tags: ASUSTeK (TPE:2357), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac7mc Add to My Vault: On Friday we reported on MSI releasing Kaby Lake compatibility BIOS updates for the whole of its 100 series motherboards lineup. Today we learnt that Asus has also updated all its 100 series motherboards for compatibility with Intel's upcoming range of 7th Generation Core processors. click to zoom Asus has released a lot of 100 Series motherboards over recent months so it has had to release a lot of BIOS updates for compatibility with Kaby Lake. If your motherboard is based upon the Intel Z170, Q170, H170, B150, H110, or C232 chipset it looks like you're covered for an Intel 7th Generation Core processor upgrade when they become available in a few months time. (see above table) To get this latest Kaby Lake ready BIOS go to the product page for your particular motherboard and select the 'support' tab. On the next page click the 'driver and tools' tab, then select your OS. Scroll down the 'files found' list to the BIOS section and expand it. At the top of that list will be the latest BIOS, supporting Intel's 7th Generation Core processors. Alternatively, if you use or download the ASUS EZ Update accessory software, you can 'one-click' auto-update your BIOS as-and-when updates become available. This software is part of the ASUS AI Suite 3, available from the 'utilities' section of your motherboard support, drivers and tools page. I couldn't find an Asus blog post or news feature detailing these BIOS updates, and don't have an Asus motherboard, so I 'randomly' picked a motherboard to check if there was any more information regarding the new BIOS available. There wasn't. All I found was that the H170-PRO BIOS version 2003 "Supports new CPUs" and it was a 9.27MB download that contained no readme.txt or changelog. This particular motherboard BIOS update for Kaby Lake was released late last month. Related Reading 6 Gigabyte Server Q&A with Craig Connell Head Business Manager lays out GPU server strategy. 1 Next gen Intel chipsets to sport on-board Wi-Fi and USB 3.1 Industry sources tip this multi-feature integration for the Intel 300-series at the end of 2017. 2 SuperO lists and pictures its Kaby Lake Z270/H270 motherboards Supermicro Gaming brand accidentally publishes the details a bit early. All MSI 100 series motherboards Kaby Lake ready via BIOS updates EVGA SC17 1070 Gaming Laptop Intel to release an unlocked Kaby Lake Core i3 desktop CPU QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? Asus announces ROG Claymore and Claymore Core keyboards HEXUS Forums :: 2 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by this_is_gav - Wed 05 Oct 2016 15:20 ASUS has 87 Skylake motherboards?! I realise some of these might be custom motherboards and gaming laptops (those with interchangeable CPUs if they make any), but still! Posted by HollyDOL - Wed 05 Oct 2016 16:36 I find it rather weird they release BIOS for Kaby Lake so early… According to last (at least to me) known info desktop Kaby Lakes are expected no sooner than in 3 months. MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 14 2 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst 11 3 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 4 Razer Blade Stealth 7 5 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 1 QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? 104 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 14 4 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 5 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 12 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 AfterShokz introduce the next generation wired bone conduction headphones 2 HP Unveils Industry’s First-ever Mini Workstation 3 Announcing the Swiftech Komodo GTX Titan X Waterblock 4 Lian Li Releases the PC-O10 Dual-Compartment Mid Tower: ATX Meets SFX 5 TYAN Displays HPC Platforms for Enterprises and Data Centers to Accelerate HPC Market Growth at SC16 6 AMD Releases the Most Versatile Open Source Platform for GPU Computing INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,180 Forum posts: 2,558,722 Forum threads: 246,623 Currently active users: 503 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
null

Login _ Welcome to TechSpot Why should I register? Sign up for a new account or log in here: Forgot your password? Couldn't sign you in, please try again. Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Reviews Storage Intel SSD 600p Series 512GB Review By Steven Walton on October 5, 2016 TechSpot 65 TechSpot score Popular 57 comments CEO loses his job after posting that he will kill Donald Trump 24 comments The Best Smartphones: Google nails it QNAP TS-853A Review: NAS does QTS + Linux combo Google's new PhotoScan app makes it easy to bring your prints into the digital world The Best Laptops: Ultraportables, Workstations & Gaming 64 comments China says it will cut iPhone sales if Trump follows through on his trade war promise Nvidia GeForce 375.86 drivers are Game Ready for Steep 25 comments Retailers reveal the price of the Nintendo Switch Index Article Index Intel SSD 600p: NVMe Performance, SATA Pricing; File Copy Test Benchmark Benchmarks: Real-World Applications Benchmarks: CrystalDiskMark 3.0 Benchmarks: AS SSD Benchmark Benchmarks: Atto Disk Benchmark Benchmarks: PCMark7 Benchmarks: PCMark8 Spoiled by Inconsistent Results 250 Facebook Twitter Reddit RSS Comments Announcing half a dozen new 3D NAND-based SSDs in August, Intel's SSD 600p Series in particular caught our attention for being an aggressively priced M.2 NVMe-based model targeting consumer desktops and notebooks. Using 3D TLC flash memory developed in conjunction with Micron, Intel has been able to keep pricing in check and offers the 600p in capacities starting at 128GB for $67 with sequential reads and writes of up to 770MB/s and 450MB/s (1.8GB/s and 560 MB/s on the 1TB model). While that's slower than what we have come to expect from M.2 NVMe drives, keep in mind that this series is meant to be affordable. In comparison, the Samsung SSD 950 Pro is rated for at least 2.2GB/s write speeds coupled with 900MB/s write for the 256GB model and 1.5GB/s for the 512GB version. However, what's important to note here that the 950 Pro 256GB costs $187. 120 - 128GB 240 - 256GB 480 - 512GB 960/1TB Intel SSD 600p $67 ($0.52/GB) $109 ($0.42/GB) $189 ($0.36/GB) N/A Intel SSD 750 Series N/A N/A $300 (400GB) ($0.75/GB) $610 (800GB) ($0.76/GB) Samsung 950 Pro N/A $186 ($0.72/GB) $315 ($0.61/GB) N/A Samsung 850 Pro N/A $123 ($0.48/GB) $250 ($0.48/GB) $460 ($0.44/GB) Samsung SSD 850 Evo N/A $100 ($0.40/GB) $163 ($0.32/GB) $306 ($0.29/GB) Kingston UV400 $41 ($0.34/GB) $64 ($0.26/GB) $117 ($0.24/GB) $273 ($0.28/GB) Crucial MX300 N/A $70 (275GB) ($0.25/GB) $120 (525GB) ($0.22/GB) $250 (1TB) ($0.24/GB) Roughly the same amount of money buys a 512GB version of Intel's 600p. At just $0.36 per gigabyte, the 600p 512GB looks to be exceptional value, particularly when you consider that the cheapest TLC SATA 2.5" drives cost $0.24 per gigabyte and should be a good bit slower. Not only that, but compared to premium SATA MLC drives such as the Samsung SSD 850 Pro, the Intel 600p is still quite a bit cheaper. Meet Intel's 600p 512GB As just mentioned, there are four capacities to choose from, though we recommend avoiding the 128GB model as the cost per gigabyte on that one is rather high. The 256GB and 512GB models are well priced and we are still waiting for the 1TB model to arrive, though we expect it to be competitive also. The 512GB model is rated for a sequential read and write speed of 1775MB/s and 560MB/s, respectively, while its random read IOPS come in at 155,000 with the write IOPS reaching 128,000. So again, not in the same class as the much more expensive NVMe drives such as Samsung's 950 Pro, Toshiba's OCZ RD400 or even Intel's own SSD 750 Series. Intel has managed to even squeeze the 1TB model into the (2280) 80mm form factor so compatibility in compact systems won't be an issue. All chips have been placed on the front side of the PCB for the 512GB model we have on-hand and we're waiting to see how the 1TB model will be configured. Speaking of chips onboard, we find just three IMFT 3D TLC NAND flash memory chips which as we mentioned are considerably more affordable than equivalent MLC chips. Having an odd number of memory chips seems quite strange though it makes sense here. Each TLC chip features two dies stacked, hence the '3D NAND'. This means each chip has a capacity of 192GB which adds up to a total of 576GB allowing headroom for overprovisioning and a 17.5GB SLC cache. Finally, also included is a 2GB DDR3L-1600 DRAM cache. Thanks to its nearly limitless development budget, Intel's firmware has managed to avoid the bugs that plagued other brands' SSDs. However, an in-house Intel controller isn't inside this drive, as you might have guessed. Rather, the company has opted for an unlikely candidate in Silicon Motion. Of course, this isn't the first time Intel has outsourced for an SSD controller as the SSD 510 sported a Marvell controller while the SSD 520 carried the controversial SandForce SF-2000. While we don't expect the Silicon Motion controller to suffer any issues, Intel has nonetheless taken a hands on approach here as evidenced by the unique packaging and part number. For good measure, Intel has also stamped its logo on the controller which has been finished with a coated copper heat spreader on top that should help with heat dissipation, a common issue for M.2 SSDs. The controller meets the NVMe 1.1 specification and as such as PCIe 3.0 x4 (4 Gb/s) bandwidth at its disposal. All the standard stuff is on offer here such as TRIM, garbage collection and S.M.A.R.T. Also included is an internal AES 256-bit hardware encryption engine but unlike the Intel SSD Pro 6000p Series designed for business users, accelerated eDrive or other encryption services in Windows are not supported. All four Intel 600p SSDs boast the same five-year warranty along with the same 72-terabyte TBW endurance rating, which is unusual and we would typically expect the larger models to have a higher rating. How We Test As you likely know, while manufacturers claim impressive peak I/O performance out of the box, this performance can diminish over time. Unlike a conventional hard drive, any write operation made to an SSD is a two-step process: a data block must be erased and then written to. Obviously if the drive is new and unused there will be nothing to erase and therefore the first step can be bypassed, but this only happens once unless the drive is trimmed. Considering this, we run the HD Tach full benchmark several times to fill the drive before testing. This simulates heavy usage and clearly indicates how performance will be affected after normal long-term use. Most drives support the TRIM function, which is meant to counteract these negative effects. Test System Specs Intel Core i7-6700K G.Skill 32GB (4x8GB) DDR4-3000 Asrock Z170 Extreme7+ GeForce GTX 1080 Silverstone Strider Series (700w) Crucial BX100 500GB Crucial MX200 512GB G.Skill Phoenix Blade PCIe SSD 480GB Intel SSD 600p Series 512GB Intel SSD 750 Series 400GB Kingston HyperX Savage 480GB Kingston Predator PCIe SSD 480GB OCZ Trion 100 480GB OCZ Vector 180 480GB Plextor PX-G512M6e 512GB Samsung SM951 512GB Samsung SM951 NVMe 256GB Samsung SSD 850 Evo 2TB Samsung SSD 850 Evo 500GB Samsung SSD 850 Pro 512GB SanDisk Extreme Pro 480GB Transcend SSD370 512GB Transcend TS512GMTS800 512GB Gainward GeForce GTX 980 (6144MB) Software Windows 10 Pro 64-bit GeForce Game Ready Driver 372.90 - WHQL Benchmarks: File Copy Test Impressively, the Intel 600p matched the more expensive 400GB 750 in our large 6GB compressed file test. This places it well ahead of the fastest SATA SSDs and not far behind the mighty Samsung 950 Pro. The program copy test is comprised of many small non-compressed files ranging from just 1K up to 5000K in size (6104 files totalling 2.75GB). The performance here is very unexpected as the 600p is nowhere to be seen. The throughput dropped to just 159MB/s making the Intel 600p one of the lowest SSDs we have tested in recent times. Our last file copy test uses game data in a mixture of small and large, compressed and non-compressed files. The Intel 600p returns to form in our game copy test with a throughput of 464MB/s, placing it roughly on par with the Kingston Predator. The performance here isn't mind blowing but it's acceptable given the price tag. Next Page Benchmarks: Real-World Applications Article Index Intel SSD 600p: NVMe Performance, SATA Pricing; File Copy Test Benchmark Benchmarks: Real-World Applications Benchmarks: CrystalDiskMark 3.0 Benchmarks: AS SSD Benchmark Benchmarks: Atto Disk Benchmark Benchmarks: PCMark7 Benchmarks: PCMark8 Spoiled by Inconsistent Results Top Rated Comments (view all) Post a new comment Load all comments… Discuss 8 Rebuilding a PC 14 I am going to build my next super PC Please tell me your thoughts 10 Budget gaming build 17 Removing "line in" echo from Realtek HD Audio output (if it is not a sound effect) 110 Which is your favorite PC component manufacturer? Add New Comment TechSpot Members Login or sign up for free, it takes about 30 seconds. You may also... Post as guest user Get complete access to the TechSpot community. Join thousands of technology enthusiasts that contribute and share knowledge in our forum. Get a private inbox, upload your own photo gallery and more. Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Black Friday Preview Deals start at 11/21 1PM PT unless otherwise specified. Email Deals Our latest email deals. Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event 32 Black Friday Deals What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU Linksys WRT3200ACM ZTE Axon 7 Talon AD7200 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1266 25 21 507 947 18 178 291 99 71 726 316 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Up Your Game with QLIPP Trending Events November's Black Tag Specials Home Safety & Security Systems Radio Controlled Tech Deals Save on Select Dyson Products For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Networking >  Wired Networking >  Network Interface Cards >  Intel >  Item#: N82E16833106144 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Intel Ethernet Converged Network Adapter X540-T1 Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller 10Gbps 1 x RJ45 LOADING... Intel Ethernet Converged Network Adapter X540-T1 Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Intel Ethernet Converged Network Adapter X540 10GBASE-T converged network adapter simplifies migration to 10 GbE, provides iSCSI, FCoE, Visualization, and Flexible Port Partitioning. Low Cost, Low Power, 10 Gigabit Ethernet (10Gb6) Performance for the Entire Datacenter Standard CAT-6a Cabling with RJ45 Connectors Backward Compatibility with Existing 1000BASE-T Networks Simplifies the Transition to 10GbE Flexible I/O virtualization for port partitioning and quality of service (QoS) of up to 64 virtual ports Unified Networking Delivering LAN, iSCSI, and FCoE in One Low Cost CNA Industry First Dual-Port 10GBASE-T Adapter with Single-Chip Solution with Integrated MAC + PHY Reliable and proven 10 Gigabit Ethernet technology from Intel Corporation 10 Gigabit for the Broad Market The Intel Ethernet Converged Network Adapter X540 is the latest innovation in Intel's leadership to drive 10 Gigabit Ethernet into the broader server market This adapter hosts Intel's latest Ether¬net silicon, the Intel8 Ethernet Controller X540, which is used by many OEMs as a single chip solution for LAN on Mother¬board (LOM) to deliver 10 Gigabit Ethernet (10 GbE) on the latest server platforms. 10GBASE-T Simplifies the Transition to 10 GbE The Intel X540 family of products works with existing networks today. It works with legacy Gigabit Ethernet (GbE) switches and Cat 6A cabling. Install the Intel X540 adapter into a server and the auto-negotiation between 1 GbE and 10 GbE provides the necessary backwards compatibility that most customers require for a smooth transition and easy migration to 10 GbE. When time and budget allows, 10GBASE-T switches can be added any time to experience the full benefits of 10 GbE. 10GBASE-T uses the copper twisted pair cables that are very familiar to IT profes¬sionals today. It is everything you know and love about 1000BASE-T. The knowl¬edge, training and investment in BASE-T are preserved. 10GBASE-T is the easiest and most versatile 10 GbE and you can deploy it anywhere in your data center. Its flexible reach from 1 meter to 100 meters supports the latest network architectures including Top of Rack (ToR), Middle of Row (MoR), and End of Row (EoR). 10G Performance at Low Cost and Low Power The new Intel Ethernet Converged Network Adapter X540 is the lowest cost way to deploy 10 Gb£ in your data center today. The Intel X540 uses low cost, Cat 6 and Cat 6A cabling. Chances are this cabling already exists in the data center. A way for Intel to reduce cost and power is to integrate components into a single-chip solution. Of course, integration is what Intel does best. With the new Intel X540 Controller, the MAC and the PHY are integrated into a single-chip solution. So, why is integration important? First, integration translates to lower power. A single-chip solution simply uses less power than two separate components. This means no more active heat sink and reduces the per-port power consumption. Second, integration also means lower cost per port. Manufacturing a single part costs less than two. When cabling is accounted for, cost efficiencies realized from a single part mean 10GBAS6-T is the lowest cost media to deploy. With lower cost and power, 10GBASE-T is ready for broad deployment. 10GBAS6-T is an option for every rack and tower server in the data center. The wait for a low cost 10 GbE copper solution to broadly deploy 10 GbE to all corners of the data center is over. The new Intel X540 adapter provides bandwidth-intensive applications with highly affordable 10 GbE network performance and cost-effective RJ-45 con¬nectivity for distances up to 100 meters. Exciting New Data Center Usage Models More than simply a 10x increase in per¬formance, with 10 Gb£ there are exciting new usage models that are now possible, including Unified Networking (iSCSI, FCoE and LAN), Visualization (VMDq and SR-I0V), and now, Flexible Port Partitioning (FPP). Flexible I/O Visualization Virtualization changes the way server resources are deployed and managed by running multiple applications and operat¬ing systems independently on a single server. The Intel Ethernet Converged Network Adapter X540 includes Intel Virtualiza¬tion Technology for connectivity (Intel VT-c) to deliver I/O virtualization and Quality of Service (QoS) features designed directly into the Intel X540 controller on the adapter. Intel I/O virtualization advances network connectivity models used in today's servers to more efficient models by providing FPP, multiple Rx/Tx queues, and on-controller QoS functional¬ity that can be used in both virtual and non-virtual server deployments. Flexible Port Partitioning (FPP) By taking advantage of the PCI-SIG SR-IOV specification, Intel Ethernet products en¬able FPP. With FPP, virtual controllers can be used by the Linux* host directly and/or assigned to virtual machines. FPP allows you to use the functionality of SR-IOV to assign up to 63 processes per port to virtual functions in Linux. This enables an administrator to partition their 10 GbE bandwidth across multiple processes, ensuring a QoS by giving each assigned process equal bandwidth. Network admin¬istrators may also rate-limit each of these services to control how much of the 10 GbE pipe is available to each process. Unified Networking Unified Networking solutions on the new Intel Ethernet Converged Network Adapter X540 let you combine the traffic of multiple data center networks like LAN and SAN onto a single efficient network fabric. You now have the choice of NFS, iSCSI, or Fibre Channel over Ethernet (FCoE) to carry both network and storage traffic at speeds of up to 10 Gbps. The Intel X540 adapter combines support for all of these traffic types in one adapter at no additional cost and with no additional licensing fees for the adapter. Intel's Unified Networking solutions are enabled through a combination of standard Intel6 Ethernet products along with trusted network protocols integrated in the operating systems. Thus, Unified Networking is available on every Server either through LAN-on-Motherboard (LOM) implementation or via an add-in Network Interface Card (NIC). Intel has delivered high quality Ethernet products for over 30 years and our Unified Networking solutions are built on the original principles that made us successful in Ethernet: Open Architecture integrates network¬ing with the server, enabling IT managers to reduce complexity and overhead while enabling a flexible and scalable data cen¬ter network. Intelligent Offloads lower cost and power while delivering the application performance that customers expect. Proven Ethernet Unified Networking is built on trusted Intel Ethernet technol¬ogy, enabling customers to deploy FCoE or iSCSI while maintaining the quality of their traditional Ethernet networks. iSCSI Simplifies SAN Connectivity iSCSI uses Ethernet to carry storage traf¬fic, extending the familiarity and simplicity of Ethernet to storage networking, with¬out the need for SAN-specific adapters or switches. Intel5 Ethernet X540 is the easi¬est, most reliable, and most cost-effective way of connecting servers to iSCSI SANs. Open FCoE Consolidates LANs and Legacy SANs Intel's Open FCoE solution enables Intel Ethernet 10 Gigabit Server products (adapters and controllers) to support Fibre Channel payload encapsulated in Ethernet frames. There is no upgrade charge for Open FCoE on the adapter Just as with iSCSI, now customers can easily connect to an FCoE network with Intel 10 GbE solutions. For the first time, Open-FCoE is now supported on 10GBASE-T.As 10GBASE-T switches come to market enabled with FCoE support, the Intel X540 is ready when you're ready. This enables you to use cost-effective 10GBASE-T for all your converged networking needs. The Open-FCoE architecture uses a combination of FCoE initiators in Microsoft Windows* and Linux* operating systems and in the VMware* ESXi hypervisor to deliver high-performance FCoE solutions using standard 10 GbE Ethernet adapters. This approach enables IT managers to simplify the data center and standardize on a single adapter for LAN and SAN con¬nectivity. The Intel4 Ethernet Converged Network Adapter X540 is designed to fully offload the FCoE data path to deliver full-featured converged network adapter (CNA) functionality without compromising on power efficiency and interoperability. Data Center Bridging (DCB) Delivers Lossless Ethernet Conventional Ethernet does not guar¬antee successful data delivery, which is not acceptable for SAN traffic. Ethernet enhancements such as Data Center Bridg¬ing (DCB) overcome that limitation with technologies that guarantee lossless deliv¬ery, congestion notification, priority-based flow control, and priority groups. The combination of 10 GbE and unified networking helps organizations overcome connectivity challenges and simplify the data center infrastructure. 10 GbE pro¬vides a simple, well-understood fabric for virtualized data centers, one that helps reduce cost and complexity as the number of virtual machines continues to grow. Learn more about the Intel X540-T1 Model| Brand Intel Model X540-T1 Details| Speed 10Gbps Connectors 1 x RJ45 Interface PCI-Express Features| Features Intel Virtualization Technology for Connectivity (VT-c) Intel Data Direct I/O Technology Intelligent Offloads Storage Over Ethernet: iSCSI, FCoE, NFS On-chip QoS and Traffic Management Flexible Port Partitioning Virtual Machine Device Queues (VMDq) PCI-SIG SR-IOV Capable Supported Operating Systems: Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 7, Windows Server 2008 SP2, Windows Vista SP2, Windows Server 2003 R2, Windows Server 2003 SP2, Linux Stable Kernel version 3.x, 2.6,x, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5, 6, SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 10, 11, FreeBSD 9, VMware ESX/ESXi Packaging| Package Contents Ethernet Converged Network Adapter X540-T1 Information CD Low-Profile Bracket Plug Standards| Electrical Outlet Plug Type others Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.intel.com| Support Phone: 1-916-377-7000 Support Website| View other products from Intel Return Policies We want to ensure your holiday shopping this year is hassle-free. That’s why we’re automatically extending our return policies on almost every product! For purchases placed between November 1, 2016 and December 24, 2016 you will have until January 31, 2017 to return your product. There's nothing additional that you have to do! Return for refund until: January 31, 2017 Return for replacement until: January 31, 2017 This item is covered by Newegg.com's Extended Holiday Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller This product is available at a lower price from other sellers. Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset compare Best Service Sellers IT WHOLESALERS Sold and Shipped by: IT WHOLESALERS Ask IT WHOLESALERS about: Intel Ethernet Converged Network Adapter X540-T1 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:5/5 (535) Ships from United States. BuyVPC.com Sold and Shipped by: BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: Intel Ethernet Converged Network Adapter X540-T1 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:5/5 (1,158) Ships from United States. PC Rush Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: Intel Ethernet Converged Network Adapter X540-T1 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:5/5 (2,256) Ships from United States. Mega Retail Store Sold and Shipped by: Mega Retail Store Ask Mega Retail Store about: Intel Ethernet Converged Network Adapter X540-T1 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:5/5 (702) Ships from United States. NothingButSavings.com Sold and Shipped by: NothingButSavings.com Ask NothingButSavings.com about: Intel Ethernet Converged Network Adapter X540-T1 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:5/5 (681) Ships from United States. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $270.0 plus shipping Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get: Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees Learn More | Sign-in Condition Guidelines The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2016 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple and Intel Parting Ways? Don’t Be Ridiculous This Fool disagrees with a well-known tech journalist on the relationship between Apple and its Mac processor supplier, Intel. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 4, 2016 at 8:44PM Image source: Getty Images.  Writing for The Verge, Vlad Savov recently argued that microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) "let Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) down once with the original MacBook's underpowered Core M processor, and the absence of an Intel Skylake upgrade for either the MacBook Pro or Air this year also seems to have been caused by Apple's dissatisfaction with Intel's CPUs." Savov continues, declaring that "there is nothing that Apple would like to do more than rid itself of its reliance on Intel, which would eliminate such unforeseen hiccups in the future." To that, I respond with the following: Don't be ridiculous. If the first-gen Core M is under-powered, what was the A8X? The first point that Savov brings up is the fact that the first-generation of Core M processor inside of Apple's first 12-inch fan-less MacBook was "underpowered." I can sort of see what the author is talking about here. Intel's marketing claim that these chips delivered "the experience of Intel Core in fanless form factors" was something of a stretch. However, it was a reasonable first step.    According to Geekbench 4, the Core M-5Y71-based 12-inch MacBook (the Core M-5Y71 is the fastest of the Broadwell-based Core M chips) achieves a single-core score of 3251 and a multi-core score of 5691. Apple's fastest shipping processor at the time -- the A8X -- achieved a single-core score of 1833 and a multi-core score of 4001. It looks to me that despite Savov's claim that the original Core M chip was "underpowered," Apple wasn't really fielding anything better at the time. Later in 2015, Apple released the A9X chip, and Intel released a second-generation set of Core M processors based on a new architecture. The A9X was quite impressive, achieving a single-core score of 3150 and a multi-core score of 4893 -- almost as good as the first-generation Core M chip that Savov dissed. Image Source: Apple. The second-generation Core M-6Y75, in the same Geekbench 4 test, achieves a single-core score of 3715 and a multi-core score of 6974 -- solidly ahead of the older Core M chip, as well as Apple's A9X. This score is also better than what the A10 Fusion is able to put up (though if I were Intel, I would probably be sweating the fact that a smartphone processor is able to come this close to a late 2015 fan-less notebook/2-in-1 processor). Intel has already announced the successor to the Core M-6Y75, known as the Core i7-7Y75, which should pull even further ahead of the A9X. That being said, I do expect Apple's upcoming A10X to be very close in performance to the i7-7Y75 (in Geekbench 4, my guess is that single-core performance between the two will be similar, with Intel pulling ahead in multi-core performance), which should be an excellent achievement for Apple. Apple is good -- really good. But it's important to keep in perspective that we are not comparing tablet-class Apple processors to power-hungry desktop processors -- we're comparing the Apple chips to very low-power Intel processors suitable for very thin and light fan-less devices, such as the 12-inch MacBook. Savov claims that if a company wants to "develop the next great processor," that company had "better be going mobile first and building from there." Given the amount of effort that Intel has been putting into its low-power notebook processor efforts over the last several years, and given the fact that Intel has successfully developed Core architecture chips that can adequately power thin, light, and fan-less devices, such as the 12-inch MacBook, it's not clear where the author's criticism of Intel's efforts comes from. How about that second claim? Savov also argued that the fact that Apple hasn't updated its MacBook Air/Pro lineup to include Intel's sixth-generation Core processors (the Airs and the 13-inch Pro use fifth-generation Core chips; the 15-inch Pro uses a fourth-generation Core chip) is indicative of Apple's "dissatisfaction with Intel CPUs." There's just no evidence to really substantiate that claim, particularly since the sixth-generation Core chips are much better than the fourth/fifth-generation Core chips that Apple is currently shipping in its MacBook Air and MacBook Pro lines.  It has been widely reported that Apple is planning substantial form factor and technology changes to its next-generation MacBook Pro products. These systems will very likely use Intel's sixth-generation Core processors. If Apple is going to adopt these Intel processors anyway (albeit later than the rest of the industry), does it really make sense that the reason that we can't buy Skylake-based MacBook Pros today is that Apple is "dissatisfied" with Intel's chips? It seems more likely to me that Apple didn't see the point in updating its systems with newer Intel processors without significant form factor/user experience changes elsewhere. In other words, it looks more like a matter of Apple's Mac software/hardware development timeline not synchronizing with Intel's processor release cadence (which, frankly, is probably more dictated by the likes of Dell than by Apple) more than anything else. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 4, 2016 at 8:44PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $107.11 up $1.40 (1.32%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Mobile   /   Intel Smart Eyewear Deal With Oakley Latest Move in Wearables Push       Intel Smart Eyewear Deal With Oakley Latest Move in Wearables Push     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-10-04 Print               The introduction of the Radar Pace glasses comes after the demonstration of other Intel-powered wearable devices during Fashion Week shows in New York and Paris. Intel over the past few weeks has continued to press forward with its efforts in the growing wearable device market, taking advantage of high-profile fashion shows in New York and Paris to show off its capabilities and putting its financial backing behind a startup in the industry. Intel officials view the wearable space—indeed, the internet of things (IoT) market as a whole—as a significant growth area for the company and is aggressively moving away from its legacy as a PC chip maker to be the foundational tech supplier for an increasingly connected world. The vendor for several years has been expanding into the area of connected wearable devices, and showed off its latest innovations over the past several weeks. Most recently, Intel and Luxottica Group this week unveiled the Oakley-branded Radar Pace smart eyewear (pictured), which essentially acts as a virtual coach for wearers while running or cycling. The smart glasses, which sell for $449 on the Oakley website, connect to free smartphone apps for Apple's iOS or Google's Android mobile operating systems and use Intel's Real Speech technology to communicate with the wearer. The Radar Pace eyewear, via the apps, can develop a training program based on the wearer’s goals and training already completed and track the wearer’s performance, according to officials with both companies. The device interprets data in real time and, through ear buds attached to the sides and an integrated microphone, can coach the wearer in the moment and respond to the user's questions, giving the person a hands-free and natural way to work out, they said. In addition, through the Bluetooth headset, the user also can make and receive calls, listen to music and text. Intel first began working with Luxottica in 2014 to develop smart, fashionable eyewear. Radar Pace came after years of joint research and development between the two companies. The device collects and analyzes a range of data around the user's performance, from heart rate and speed to cadence, time, pace and distance. It takes the information and uses it for audio coaching. Ryan Saylor, vice president of advanced product development at Oakley, said the combination of expertise from his company and Intel has created "a game changer in training and coaching. One of the biggest benefits is the accountability—the coach being there with the athletes to help get the most out of every workout." During Fashion Week in Paris, designer Hussein Chalayan showed off smart glasses and belts powered by Intel's tiny Curie wearables module, which projected the stress levels of the models wearing them on the surrounding walls. Intel officials said the data is collected by the Curie module and sent to the belt via Bluetooth Low Energy connectivity. A Compute Stick from Intel is used to process the data and a small projector in the belt is used to project the data onto the wall in front of the model to show real-time stress levels . "The result was not only an amazing visual experience for show goers, but an exciting step forward in creating desirable, tech-infused wearables that empower the wearer to understand and respond to the world around them," Sandra Lopez, a vice president in Intel's New Technology Group who also oversees strategic relationships and business development within the unit, wrote in a post on the company blog. Page 1 of 2 1 2 Next »           LATEST MOBILE ARTICLES   Revamped Google Play Music to Use Machine Learning to Suggest Songs Google Rebuts EU Complaint About Android Bundling Charges GoPro Recalls All 2,500 of the New Karma Drones Sold to Customers Google Gives Gmail for iOS Major Overhaul NXP Unveils New Technologies for Autonomous Vehicles                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  

Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Authors News Products Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Internet Industrial Networking M2M Sensors Human Interface Embedded TechCon More… Test and Measurement Smart Energy Webcasts E-Letter ADL Embedded Solutions Inc. Announces Shipment of ADLEPC-1600 Industrial Embedded PC ADL Embedded Solutions - Leave a Comment ADL Embedded Solutions Inc., a leading provider of high-performance embedded solutions, has announced today that its ADLEPC-1600 Industrial Embedded PC is now shipping. The ADLEPC-1600 is a compact, fanless industrial embedded PC based on Intel's E3800-series Atom processors with greatly improved performance-per-watt featuring Intel's 7th generation graphics engine for stunning graphics performance. ADLEPC-1600 Industrial Embedded PC ADL Embedded Solutions Inc., a leading provider of high-performance embedded solutions, has announced today that its ADLEPC-1600 Industrial Embedded PC is now shipping. The ADLEPC-1600 is a compact, fanless industrial embedded PC based on Intel’s E3800-series Atom processors with greatly improved performance-per-watt featuring Intel’s 7th generation graphics engine for stunning graphics performance. The ADLEPC-1600 features durable milled aluminum construction, and targets industrial applications in a variety of environments where high mechanical stress or temperature extremes (up to -40C to +70C) are a consideration. The ADLEPC-1600 features LAN and 802.11 WiFi cloud connectivity and USB 2.0, USB 3.0, and three Gb/s LAN ports making it ideal for deployment in industrial applications such as a general purpose industrial PC, network router, industrial PC Controller, gateway computer, and many other industrial computing applications. The ADLEPC-1600 can be readily configured by the customer with Windows, Linux or other operating systems as well as application–specific software. “The ADLEPC-1600 brings the benefits of Industrial Embedded PC to many rugged use scenarios previously neglected. Targeted vertical markets include factory automation, transportation, alternative energy, oil and gas, and any demanding mobile computing applications in industrial environments,” according to JC Ramirez, ADL Embedded Solutions’ product manager. For additional information about the ADLEPC-1600, please visit www.adl-usa.com/product/adlepc-1600/. For additional information regarding systems capabilities and engineering design services, contact ADL Embedded Solutions at 858-490-0597, email sales@adl-usa.com or visit www.adl-usa.com. About ADL Embedded Solutions Inc. ADL Embedded Solutions Inc., is a leading provider of high-performance embedded systems targeting demanding thermal and rugged environments for industrial and military applications. ADL Embedded Solutions excels at collaborating with customers to design quality, reliable embedded solutions in a timely fashion to exacting customer requirements. ADL Embedded Solutions boasts a broad portfolio of long-lived SBCs, ranging from low-power Intel® Atom® architecture through high-performance Intel® Core™ i5/i7 processors that ensure access to the latest processor technology and long-lived availability. ADL Embedded Solutions serves customers in a variety of markets, including Medical, Transportation, Defense, Aerospace, Communication, Security, Process Control, and Science. For more information about ADL Embedded Solutions, visit their websites at www.adl-usa.com or www.adl-europe.com Topics covered in this article adl embedded solutions industrial computing Industrial Cloud Linux Advertisement Industrial Embedded Systems Articles White Papers Authors News Products © MMXVI Industrial Embedded Systems An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit News and Products Contact Last updated: Wed, 16 Nov 2016 07:44:09 +0000
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Tech Intel Asus put Kaby Lake in slightly smaller laptops New, 6 comments by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Oct 6, 2016, 6:03pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Asus Intel’s 7th generation Core processor, known as Kaby Lake, has already been included in multiple laptops, and now Asus is putting the CPU in its new ZenBook UX410. The laptop’s only 18.95mm thick and weighs 3.5 pounds. I wish I could help you visualize that width. A Macbook Air is approximately 17mm thick. Does that help? The UX410 also has a slim 6mm bezel and comes with a 14-inch Full HD display. There are two versions of the laptop — the UX410UA and the UX410UQ. They only differ in their graphics cards. The UX410Q comes with Nvidia’s GeForce 940MX graphics card, whereas the UX410UA comes with integrated Intel graphics. You can see a full spec list for the UX410UA here and the UX410UQ here. Razer, Lenovo, and Acer already have laptops out with Intel’s new processor, but Asus’s UX410 likely competes most directly with the Dell XPS 13. Dell doesn’t offer a Nvidia graphics card option, however. We don’t have pricing for the UX410 just yet, though, so we can’t say whether it’s wildly more expensive than its competition. Source: ASUS, ASUS Via: Mobile Scout Next Up In Circuit Breaker You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week Seagate’s new 5TB drive is the largest portable hard drive ever This dock adds ports to your new MacBook by making it a much thicker MacBook Google’s new Wifi mesh routers are now available for preorder Apple is reportedly releasing two versions of its 5.5-inch iPhone next year Netgear's battery-powered security camera now has LTE Now Trending Google PhotoScan turns your prints into high-quality digital images DJI introduces Pro edition of its Phantom 4 drone This Article has a component height of 2. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Apple Tech Apple Music will stream 808 drum machine documentary first by Rich McCormick Apple has negotiated a deal with the creators of 808 — a documentary about the seminal Roland TR-808 drum machine — for exclusive streaming rights through Apple Music. The documentary will appear on Apple’s music service first, on December 9th,... Tech Facebook Now you can use Facebook Messenger in Android Auto by Rich McCormick Facebook Messenger can now integrate with Android Auto, the social network announced today, allowing users of the infotainment platform to hear and reply to messages from friends while driving their cars. In order to use the new feature, you’ll... New, 3 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week by Nick Statt@nickstatt It may be nigh impossible to purchase Nintendo’s NES Classic Edition console right this very second, with stock shortages and sell outs at Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop and many other retailers. But have hope. Once a day, for a few minutes before... New, 7 comments TL;DR Apple Web Apple’s peach emoji is back to looking like a butt by Megan Farokhmanesh@Megan_Nicolett The nerfed peach butt emoji included as part of Apple’s iOS 10.2 update is gone. As spotted today by The Next Web, the third 10.2 developer beta returns the fruit to its curvaceous glory. The peach emoji is, of course, a go-to for anyone who... Google Tech Google CEO says fake news is a problem and should not be distributed by Colin Lecher In an interview with the BBC, Google CEO Sundar Pichai made his first comments on the post-election fake news controversy, and admitted the company has made some mistakes. “We will definitely work to fix it.” "It is important to remember that we... Apps Mobile Business Snapchat just filed for its IPO by Nick Statt@nickstatt Snap Inc., the parent company of Snapchat, has filed confidentially for its initial public offering, according to a report from Bloomberg. The company is seeking to raise as much as $4 billion, which would give it a valuation of between $25... New, 13 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home Consulting Advertise Contact & About Archive Price Lists (deprecated) Is 3D XPoint in trouble? by Robin Harris on Thursday, 6 October, 2016 The Register’s Chris Mellor and SemiAccurate’s Charlie Demerjian are throwing shade on Intel’s claims for 3D XPoint. While it’s great fun to tweak the giants of tech – as I often do – I think they are likely wrong in their interpretation of the data backing their arguments. As Mr. Mellor wrote: In contrast to the wildly optimistic Intel “1,000 times faster than NAND” claims when XPoint was launched, the Micron pitch presented a 10-times improvement over NAND in terms of IOPS and latency, and four times more memory footprint than DRAM per CPU. Mr. Demerjian goes further in his comments: Latency missed by 100x, yes one hundred times, on their claim of 1000x faster, 10x is now promised and backed up by tests. More troubling is endurance, probably the main selling point of this technology over NAND. Again the claim was a 1000x improvement, Intel delivered 1/333rd of that with 3x the endurance. Chips vs systems Intel and Micron are chip folks. I’m confident that at the chip/media level, the results that Intel reported are close – despite marketing rounding-up – but when talking about SSDs, Optane or QuantX, the subject is a system, not media. A system with a CPU, lots of software, buffers, caches, bandwidth and, finally, media. Example Back when RAID arrays were a radical new technology in the early 90s, the simple fact that you could gang together a half dozen disks and get a 5x performance improvement was a big deal. A little later caching came on the scene, and made RAID even more compelling. But did adding in a layer of RAM – which was, let’s say, a million times faster – make RAID arrays a million faster? Of course not. The difference between write-back and write-through caching – and the associated engineering/test problems – played a major role as well. Nor did replacing hard drives with SSDs make arrays as fast as raw NAND read numbers would suggest. Systems consist of cooperating parts, and making one part a thousand times faster doesn’t make all the other parts go faster too. Mr. Mellor, of course, understands this, remarking: We might say that the original XPoint claims referred to raw media comparisons and not system-level performance, a point not made clear in the original XPoint performance, density and endurance claims. The StorageMojo take Intel is not a marketing company. They are an engineering company selling to engineers and, as such, they often put a foot wrong when trying to reach the general tech public. But that doesn’t explain why Intel/Micron rushed the 3D XPoint announcement: freeze out competitors; help Micron fight an acquisition; and/or panic at some perceived threat, such as Nantero? They might have consulted with their CPU colleagues on the problems that come from hyping, say, clock speeds, in the NetBurst days. Whatever drove the announcement, they did themselves no favors by focusing on cell-level performance. But unlike those who read the announcement as a promise to deliver systems with those performance improvements, I’m pleased that they got into the market with 3D XPoint, because they are driving the industry faster than any startup could. And that’s good for the industry and for computer systems buyers and users everywhere. The problems that I can see, such as schedule slips, appear normal for advanced technology. Courteous comments welcome, of course. Tweet { 0 comments… add one now } Leave a Comment Name E-mail Website Previous post: Nutanix IPO: the big score Next post: Everspin’s MRAM IPO Recent Comments KW Bouchard on Building fast erasure coded storage Ashok Matta on Big Data in Formula 1 racing c8to on Artisanal science doesn’t scale Laz Vekiarides on ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed Phil Fote on ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed David E. Williams on ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed Ian F. Adams on ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed John Other on Everspin’s MRAM IPO John Other on Everspin’s MRAM IPO Recent Posts Frisky Gen-Z’s to battle boomer Intel ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed Everspin’s MRAM IPO Is 3D XPoint in trouble? Nutanix IPO: the big score Dell vets: buff up your resumes this weekend Artisanal science doesn’t scale Nantero NRAM: ARM’d and dangerous Notes on VMworld 2016   StorageMojo Channel Categories Architecture Backup Cloud computing & storage Clusters Disk Enterprise Future Tech Hike blogging Information Management IoT Management Marketing Mobile NAS, IP, iSCSI Object storage Off-Topic Price Lists SAN, FC Security & Public Policy SOHO/SMB SSD/Flash/NVRAM Video Virtualization Greatest hits EMC threatens StorageMojo Google's disk failure experience Everything you know about disks is wrong EMC: "These aren't the droids you're looking for" Home RAID vs backup Google file system eval ZFS: threat or menace? An open source SAN ZFS performance vs hardware RAID CERN's data corruption research Recent tweets Tweets by @StorageMojo ©2004-2016 TechnoQWAN LLC
MacDailyNews WELCOME HOME! Apple and Mac News Login · Register News Opinion Contact App Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Archives Widget Opinion Archive Nov 2016 The pundits are wrong about Apple - again Nov 2016 Is Apple selling a MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable for $79 a step too far? Nov 2016 Who's winning the video streaming wars? Nov 2016 Why Donald Trump bests Hillary Clinton on key tech policies Nov 2016 Imagine a world without Apple's Mac Pro Current Headlines Latest Joy of Tech 9to5Mac Airmail for macOS updated to version 3.2 with support for Touch Bar Drop, a color picker utility for macOS, launches with Touch Bar support Apple releases third watchOS 3.1.1 developer beta for Apple Watch Apple Pay adds support for new banks in China, Russia, & Australia (Update: U.S. too) Google PhotoScan for iOS digitizes your physical prints, Photos updated with machine learning-based editing iPhone 8: No OLED display expected on 4.7-inch and some 5.5-inch models, dual camera staying Plus exclusive Apple’s App Store purge removed almost 50k iOS apps in October, a 238% increase 9to5Toys Last Call: Apple Watch Charging Dock $31, Amazon Network/Router Sale, MacBook Air/Pro 240GB SSD $135, more Twitter app stepping up anti-abuse features with expanded ‘mute’ capabilities, new reporting method Touch Bar MacBook Pro models have non-upgradeable SSDs, seemingly under-sized batteries Shazam does U-turn on Mac app after privacy concerns over always-on microphone Report: Apple in talks to build new $50 million flagship retail store in Melbourne Nintendo’s Super Mario Run for iPhone and iPad now has a release date and price Apple patent granted for ‘Sports EarPods’ with biometrics and gesture-based controls Video: Jony Ive discusses motivation behind new Apple design photo book, shows glimpses of Apple’s design studio/prototypes MacRumors MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Now Available for Purchase at Some Apple Retail Stores Apple Removed 47,300 Outdated iOS Apps From App Store in October of 2016 Next Year's iPhones to Include 4.7" LCD Model With Single Camera, 5.5" LCD and OLED Models With Dual Cameras 15-Inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Has Non-Removable SSD Apple Releases $200+ Photo Book Called 'Designed by Apple in California' Apple Testing Augmented Reality 'Smart Glasses' That Connect to iPhone Apple Highlights Mac Apps Updated With Support for MacBook Pro Touch Bar What's New in iOS 10.2 Beta 3: TV App Updates, SOS and Videos App Removed New MacBook Pro's Dedicated AMD Graphics Chips Are 'Significantly' Faster and Support Dual 5K Displays Apple Seeds Third macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] AppleInsider Apple Music nabs exclusive streaming rights to star-studded '808' documentary New MacBook Pro with Touch Bar models arrive at select Apple stores Apple releases third watchOS 3.1.1 beta to developers with minor revisions Apple Pay's international expansion continues with more banks in China & Russia Jony Ive speaks on means and methods of 'Designed by Apple in California' book Monitoring software on some US Android phones sent text messages, location info to China First look: DJI's iOS-connected $1499 Phantom 4 Pro with enhanced autopilot modes, 1" camera sensor Apple purged 47,300 broken & outdated App Store titles in October Apple SSD in Touch Bar-equipped MacBook Pro fixed to motherboard, not removable Shazam promises Mac app update to end always-on listening MacNN Goodbye from MacNN, and Managing Editor Mike Wuerthele Rumor Roundup: Oh yes it is! Oh no it isn't! Spotify claims app update rejection by Apple 'raises serious concerns' Best of MacNN: the MacNN Podcast, episode 25: My Stupid Cat's Fault MacNN Deals: Increase your productivity with these Mac apps Best of MacNN: Lawyer sues Apple for not preventing his porn addiction Hands On: macOS Sierra, part two Tekserve closing NYC store on July 31 after 29 years of service Giveaway: Final reminder of all current MacNN Deals competitions Bang & Olufsen unveils Beoplay H5 wireless earphones Daring Fireball Putting the Price of ‘Designed by Apple in California’ in Context No, Apple Probably Should Not Have Bought Harman Jacob Kastrenakes Reviews the MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Andrew Cunningham on the New MacBook Pros With Touch Bar Gizmodo: ‘Facebook’s Fight Against Fake News Was Undercut by Fear of Conservative Backlash’ Jason Snell on the New MacBook Pros Joanna Stern on the New MacBook Pros Google PhotoScan: Turn Printed Photos Into Digital Images Using Your Phone Camera Wherefore Art Thou Macintosh? Apple’s App Store Purge Is Now Underway T-GAAP Will a President Trump or Clinton Help Apple The Most? Back to Steve Jobs 4-Quadrant Mac Approach Apple Just Made Notebook Touch Screens Stupid Samsung Note 7 Owners Were Loyal To Samsung, Not Android Apple's Desktop Macs Are In Trouble Cult of Mac Check out this week’s best tech, tools and lessons [Deals] Apple Stores go green in advance of Earth Day Apple taps Surface Pro hinge maker for super-thin MacBooks How Steve Jobs and the industrial design team saved Apple, this week on The CultCast Use free Snapseed on iPad to tune your photos to best effect Apple reveals how long its devices typically last Drawings reveal new buildings inside Apple’s ‘spaceship’ campus Apple reaches deal with Samsung to buy OLED iPhone displays iPhone recycling is Apple’s latest gold mine Apple looks to paid search to ‘improve’ discoverability on App Store Macworld UK Parallels, VMware, VirtualBox and Boot Camp compared New Mac Pro release date rumours UK | Mac Pro 2016 tech specs & new features Apple AirPods release date rumours, UK price: Apple wireless headphones delayed Super Mario Run iPhone release date UK, price | How to get Mario on iPhone/iPad iPhone 8 release date rumours UK | iPhone 8 specs & new features New iPad Air 3 release date rumours UK | iPad Air 3 specs, new features & price New macOS update 2017 release date rumours | macOS 10.13 new features wishlist Where to buy a Mac 2016 iPad Pro 9.7in review Best Mac for designers buying guide 2016/2017 | Best Mac for graphic design CNET iPhone Update Make your iPhone read aloud to you - CNET Moment lenses are ready for your iPhone 7 - CNET iOS 10 notifications look the same, but work a lot differently - CNET 9 reasons you should keep your current iPhone - CNET Why you'll soon forget the iPhone ever had a headphone jack - CNET Apple could launch an iPhone with curved screen - CNET iPhone 7 may sport pressure-sensitive home button, Space Black paint job - CNET iPhone 7 Plus purported mockup reveals blue paint job and more - CNET iPhone 7 preorders could start September 9 - CNET Hillary Clinton iPhone app aims to drum up and reward supporters - CNET Nov 15, 2016 - 05:15 PM UTC — AAPL: 107.11 (+1.40, +1.32%) | NASDAQ: 5275.62 (+57.23, +1.1%) Gartner expects weaker YOY iPhone volume performance from 2016’s iPhone 6s, return to growth in 2017 with iPhone 7 Thursday, October 6, 2016 · 11:28 am · 4 Comments Gartner, Inc. today said worldwide combined shipments for devices (PCs, tablets, ultramobiles and mobile phones) are expected to decline 3 percent in 2016 (See Table 1). This will mark the second consecutive year of decline. The global devices market fell by 0.75 percent in 2015. “The global devices market is not on pace to return to single-digit growth soon,” said Ranjit Atwal, research director at Gartner, in a statement. Growth is on pace to remain flat during the next five years. All segments are expected to decline in 2016, except for premium ultramobiles and utility mobile phones (entry level phones), which are expected to show single-digit growth this year. “We expect premium ultramobiles will start benefiting from the collective performance and integration of the latest Intel CPU platform and Windows 10,” added Mr. Atwal. Table 1. Worldwide Devices Shipments by Device Type, 2015-2018 (Millions of Units) The Ultramobile (Premium) category includes devices such as Microsoft’s Windows 10 Intel x86 products and Apple’s MacBook Air. The Ultramobile (Basic and Utility Tablets) category includes devices such as, iPad, iPad mini, Samsung Galaxy Tab S2, Amazon Fire HD, Lenovo Yoga Tab 3, Acer Iconia One PC Market to Bottom Out in 2016 and PC Prices in the UK to Increase Less Than 10 Percent in 2017 The PC market is expected to exhibit an 8 per cent decline in 2016, as the installed base bottoms out and replacement cycle extensions halt. “The effect of currency depreciation on the market is diminishing,” added Mr. Atwal. “The second quarter of 2016 was the first since the second quarter of 2015 least impacted by currency depreciation.” Regions such as Western Europe, where the Euro depreciated significantly in 2015 and PC prices increased, finally showed flat market growth (-0.9 percent) in the second quarter of 2016. This follows four consecutive quarters of decline. If this situation prevails it means that PC sales will bottom out in 2016. However, the PC market in Western Europe remains difficult following the Brexit vote. “Device vendors are mitigating the currency depreciation of the pound in two ways — first, they are taking advantage of the likelihood of a single-digit decline in PC component costs in 2016,” said Mr. Atwal. “Second, they will “de-feature” their PCs to keep prices down. With these changes, Gartner expects PC prices in the UK to increase by less than 10 percent in 2017.” For the PC market to stay on pace for flat growth in 2017, business spending needs to flourish. “The inventory of Windows 8 PCs should have been cleared, and large businesses in mature markets are now looking to move to Windows 10 through 2018,” added Mr. Atwal. “In addition, more affordable hardware and increasingly available virtual reality content (such as games, stories and other entertainment) will enable consumer PC buyers to upgrade in order to experience immersive offerings. Smartphone Growth to Continue Slowing Down in 2016 Total mobile phone shipments are on pace to decline 1.6 percent in 2016. The smartphone segment continues to grow, albeit more slowly than in previous years, and is expected to reach 1.5 billion units in 2016. “This is no surprise; the smartphone market is maturing, and reaching global saturation with phones that are increasingly capable and remain good enough for longer,” said Roberta Cozza, research director at Gartner, in a statement. In 2016, the Android market will continue to be bolstered by Chinese vendors offering more affordable premium devices. Despite the availability of the iPhone 7, Gartner expects a weaker year-over-year volume performance from Apple in 2016, as volumes stabilize after a very strong 2015. As a result, Gartner expects total smartphone market to only increase 4.5 percent with premium smartphones declining 1.1 percent in 2016. “We expect the market for premium smartphones to return to 3.5 per cent growth in 2017, as stronger replacement cycles kick in and in anticipation of a new iPhone next year, which is expected to offer a new design and new features that are attractive enough to convince more replacement buyers,” said Ms. Cozza. More detailed analysis is available in the report “Forecast Analysis: PCs, Ultramobiles and Mobile Phones, Worldwide, 2013-2020, 3Q16 Update.” Source: Gartner, Inc. Read more in the full article here. MacDailyNews Take: Death to the “S!” Note that the only thing “different” to the non tech-savvy general public about iPhone 7 versus the iPhone 6s is the naming scheme. The down year was the self-defeatingly-named “S” model. The whole number iPhone model is expected to show growth despite looking pretty much the same. There are plenty of numbers in the universe. Infinite, actually. Don’t worry, Apple, you won’t run out. – MacDailyNews, October 4, 2011 — It’s as if Apple is naming iPhone models solely for their own internal inventory purposes, just so they can keep track of which model is which, with no regard for how the iPhones are perceived by the rest of the world – the media, the customers, etc. – outside One Infinite Loop. The “S” doesn’t stand for “Speed,” it stands for “Stupid.” Yes, we know it’s the same case design; we know the “S” version is the one you make the big margins on; we get it. Call it the “S” internally if you must, but don’t be so engineer-ish that you insist on calling it that on the box, too! It’s not about sales figures or the model’s success (as long as “iPhone” is in the name, it will be a success), it’s about setting a tone. In this case, with the “S,” Apple sets a tone that they are just making an incremental update… Why gift the naysayers with the opportunity, Apple? — MacDailyNews Take, April 5, 2013 — Apple, enough with the stupid iPhone ‘S’ naming already. iPhone “S” years usher in hugely significant features, such as oleophobic displays, significant GPU improvements, world phone capability, Siri personal assistant, video stabilization, panorama photos, 64-bit processors, TD-LTE support, Touch ID, and 3D Touch, among other improvements and additions. Each year’s iPhone deserves its own number. By not doing so, Apple is shooting itself in the foot; handicapping iPhones with an “S” every other year. Why Tim Cook or Phil Schiller haven’t put an end to this stupid – yes, stupid – “S” naming is inexplicable. Why don’t you just name it “iPhone No Big Deal This Year,” Tim and Phil? Here’s what you say onstage and in the press release when there’s no “iPhone 7s” and you jump directly from iPhone 7 to iPhone 8: “The improvements are such that the new iPhone deserves its own number.” Period. Done. Mission accomplished. It’s your naming convention, Apple, and you can correct your stupid mistake at any time. – MacDailyNews, September 16, 2015 Categories: News Tags: death to the 'S', gartner, iPad, iPad Pro, iPhone 6s, iPhone 7, MacBook, MacBook Air, smartphones Thank You for supporting MacDailyNews! Loading... Comment Feed 4 Comments Lambrettamike Thursday, October 6, 2016 - 11:45 am · Reply iphone 7/7 plus is going to smash Gartner out of the park on their ridiculous “no growth” crap that they have been espousing annually since 2007 (surely the Gartner analysts working on this nonsense are about ready to get their retirement carriage clock, or rather Old Nokia phone!). How these statistical firms categorise technology is absolutely bewildering fud! Bill Thursday, October 6, 2016 - 11:56 am · Reply apppppppppppppppppple is doooooooooooooooooooomed…..buy a SamsungExploder instead……ummmmkay tanks for dat playa……. FUD generating IDIOTS unite!!!! Danox Thursday, October 6, 2016 - 12:16 pm · Reply Samsung Boom!!!! yojimbo007 Thursday, October 6, 2016 - 3:53 pm · Reply bla bla bla ….. Add Your Feedback Name (required) Email (required) Web cancel reply Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Recent Articles Apple rescues the peach emoji Apple, FANG stocks stop the bleeding, post-Trump presidential victory Apple’s next-gen iPhone: OLED display only on some 5.5-inch models, dual camera exclusive to iPhone Plus Apple’s Jony Ive reflects on the nature of objects, the fragility of ideas, and 20 years of Apple design Analyst: iPhone 7 demand has peaked, suppliers to revise down forecasts Samsung’s $8 billion Harman purchase will be seen as an Apple blunder decades from now or something Want Apple’s Touch Bar without buying a new MacBook Pro? Get Red Sweater’s Touché What Apple could look like under President Trump Apple’s new MacBook Pros have non-removable SSD Macworld reviews Parallels Desktop 12: A nearly perfect blend of Windows and Mac MacDailyNews Poll Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 21,429 other followers  Top 10 Free Mac Apps Flappy Golf 2 - Noodlecake Studios Inc Xcode - Apple Microsoft Remote Desktop - Microsoft Corporation Kindle - AMZN Mobile LLC The Unarchiver - Dag Agren App for Instagram - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl Slack - Slack Technologies, Inc. OneDrive - Microsoft Corporation Dr. Cleaner: Disk,Memory,System Optimizer - Trend Micro Microsoft OneNote - Microsoft Corporation  Top 10 Paid Mac Apps GarageBand - Apple Magnet - CrowdCafé Disk Cleaner - Free Your Hard Drive Space, Clean Cache, Tune Your Drive - Pocket Bits LLC Final Cut Pro - Apple Logic Pro X - Apple Adware Doctor - Remove Adware, Malware, and Restore Your Browser - YONGMING ZHANG App for WhatsApp - Bastian Roessler Affinity Photo - Serif Labs Pixelmator - Pixelmator Team Paste – smart clipboard history & snippets manager - Dmitry Obukhov  Top 10 Free iPad Apps GoNoodle Kids - GoNoodle, Inc. YouTube - Watch and Share Videos, Music & Clips - Google, Inc. Netflix - Netflix, Inc. Perchang - Perchang Messenger - Facebook, Inc. Facebook - Facebook, Inc. Google Chrome – The Fast and Secure Web Browser - Google, Inc. Google Docs - Google, Inc. The Calculator Free - International Travel Weather Calculator Icy Ropes - PlaySide  Top 10 iTunes Songs Closer (feat. Halsey) - The Chainsmokers 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Don't Wanna Know (feat. Kendrick Lamar) - Maroon 5 Let Me Love You (feat. Justin Bieber) - DJ Snake Blue Ain't Your Color - Keith Urban Heathens - twenty one pilots Better Man - Little Big Town Hallelujah - Pentatonix Starving (feat. Zedd) - Hailee Steinfeld & Grey Juju on That Beat (TZ Anthem) - Zay Hilfigerrr & Zayion McCall  Top 10 iTunes Albums Trolls (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists A Pentatonix Christmas - Pentatonix You Want It Darker - Leonard Cohen The Essential Leonard Cohen - Leonard Cohen 57th & 9th (Deluxe) - Sting Simply Christmas - Leslie Odom, Jr. Traveller - Chris Stapleton NOW That's What I Call Music!, Vol. 60 - Various Artists Collage - EP - The Chainsmokers #MYNAMEISJOETHOMAS - Joe  Top 10 iTunes Movies Suicide Squad (2016) - David Ayer Jason Bourne - Paul Greengrass Star Trek Beyond - Justin Lin Hell or High Water - David Mackenzie Kubo and the Two Strings - Travis Knight Mechanic Resurrection - Dennis Gansel Central Intelligence - Rawson Marshall Thurber The Infiltrator - Brad Furman The Legend of Tarzan (2016) - David Yates Ghostbusters (2016) - Paul Feig  Top 10 iTunes TV Shows Service - The Walking Dead What Went Down - Vanderpump Rules Reunion, Pt. 2 - The Real Housewives of Orange County The Statement - Madam Secretary Changing - Supergirl Chapter Fourty-Nine - Jane the Virgin Controversies & Legacies - Keeping Up With the Kardashians The Cell - The Walking Dead The Watergate Tape - Timeless Trip to Stabby Town - Lucifer  Top 10 Audiobooks Superficial: More Adventures from the Andy Cohen Diaries (Unabridged) - Andy Cohen Scrappy Little Nobody (Unabridged) - Anna Kendrick Catalyst (Star Wars): A Rogue One Novel (Unabridged) - James Luceno Night School: A Jack Reacher Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Lee Child Settle for More (Unabridged) - Megyn Kelly Turbo Twenty-Three: A Stephanie Plum Novel, Book 23 (Unabridged) - Janet Evanovich No Man's Land: John Puller Series (Unabridged) - David Baldacci The Whistler (Unabridged) - John Grisham The Wrong Side of Goodbye: A Harry Bosch Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Michael Connelly The Girl on the Train: A Novel (Unabridged) - Paula Hawkins News Opinion Contact Main RSS Comments RSS Facebook Tumblr Twitter Archives Widget Advertise Privacy © Copyright 2002 - 2016 by MacDailyNews All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Tech The world's smallest transistor is 1nm long, physics be damned New, 9 comments by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Oct 6, 2016, 3:34pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Intel 22nm Haswell Die Transistor size is an important part of improving computer technology. The smaller your transistors, the more you can fit on a chip, and the faster and more efficient your processor can be. That's why it's such big news that a team at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory has successfully built a functional 1 nanometer long transistor gate, which the lab claims is smallest working transistor ever made. For years, the computing industry has been governed by Moore’s Law, which states that the the number of transistors in a semiconductor circuit doubles every two years. Current generation technology uses 14nm scale technology, with 10nm semiconductors anticipated for release in 2017 or 2018 with products like Intel’s Cannonlake line. looking to the future, Moore’s law starts to run into trouble But looking to the future, Moore’s law starts to run into trouble. And by trouble, I mean the laws of physics. You see, while the 7nm node is technically possible to produce with silicon, after that point you reach problems, where silicon transistors smaller than 7nm become so physically close together that electrons experience quantum tunneling. So instead of staying in the intended logic gate, the electrons can continuously flow from one gate to the next, essentially making it impossible for the transistors to have an off state. Sujay Desai/UC Berkeley And while companies like Intel had originally announced that they would be exploring other materials for producing 7nm semiconductors and beyond, the Berkeley Lab research team has beaten them to the punch, using carbon nanotubes and molybdenum disulfide (MoS2 ) to create a sub–7nm transistor. The MoS2 functions as the semiconductor, with the hollow carbon nanotube functioning as the gate to control the flow of electrons. The research here is still in very early stages That said, the research here is still in very early stages. At 14nm, a single die has over a billion transistors on it, and the Berkley Lab team has yet to develop a viable method to mass produce the new 1nm transistors or even developed a chip using them. But as a proof of concept alone, the results here are still important – that new materials can continue to allow smaller transistor sizes, and with it increased power and efficiency for the computers of the future. Source: Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory Next Up In Circuit Breaker You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week Seagate’s new 5TB drive is the largest portable hard drive ever This dock adds ports to your new MacBook by making it a much thicker MacBook Google’s new Wifi mesh routers are now available for preorder Apple is reportedly releasing two versions of its 5.5-inch iPhone next year Netgear's battery-powered security camera now has LTE Now Trending Google PhotoScan turns your prints into high-quality digital images The OnePlus 3T is a souped-up version of the OnePlus 3 DJI introduces Pro edition of its Phantom 4 drone This Article has a component height of 13. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Apple Tech Apple Music will stream 808 drum machine documentary first by Rich McCormick Apple has negotiated a deal with the creators of 808 — a documentary about the seminal Roland TR-808 drum machine — for exclusive streaming rights through Apple Music. The documentary will appear on Apple’s music service first, on December 9th,... Tech Facebook Now you can use Facebook Messenger in Android Auto by Rich McCormick Facebook Messenger can now integrate with Android Auto, the social network announced today, allowing users of the infotainment platform to hear and reply to messages from friends while driving their cars. In order to use the new feature, you’ll... New, 3 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week by Nick Statt@nickstatt It may be nigh impossible to purchase Nintendo’s NES Classic Edition console right this very second, with stock shortages and sell outs at Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop and many other retailers. But have hope. Once a day, for a few minutes before... New, 7 comments TL;DR Apple Web Apple’s peach emoji is back to looking like a butt by Megan Farokhmanesh@Megan_Nicolett The nerfed peach butt emoji included as part of Apple’s iOS 10.2 update is gone. As spotted today by The Next Web, the third 10.2 developer beta returns the fruit to its curvaceous glory. The peach emoji is, of course, a go-to for anyone who... Google Tech Google CEO says fake news is a problem and should not be distributed by Colin Lecher In an interview with the BBC, Google CEO Sundar Pichai made his first comments on the post-election fake news controversy, and admitted the company has made some mistakes. “We will definitely work to fix it.” "It is important to remember that we... Apps Mobile Business Snapchat just filed for its IPO by Nick Statt@nickstatt Snap Inc., the parent company of Snapchat, has filed confidentially for its initial public offering, according to a report from Bloomberg. The company is seeking to raise as much as $4 billion, which would give it a valuation of between $25... New, 13 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Asus preps 87 motherboards for next-gen Intel CPUs by Wayne Manion  12:41 PM on October 6, 2016 Kaby Lake isn't coming to desktop systems until sometime next year, but Asus has already released UEFI BIOS updates for 87 of its LGA 1151 consumer desktop motherboards in anticipation of Intel's "optimized" 14-nm CPU line. More of the company's motherboards are likely to receive firmware updates in the future to that end, as well. Asus' Edge Up in-house blog conspicuously avoids using the terms "seventh-generation Core" or "Kaby Lake," but the blog post leaves little doubt that the BIOS updates are in fact intended for the Intel's seventh-generation Core CPUs likely to appear on store shelves in Q1 2017. Asus reminds users that some of its motherboards' firmware can be updated without a CPU or memory by using the integrated USB BIOS Flashback feature. Boards without that feature can be updated through the EFI using its EZ Flash 3 utility. Asus provides Windows UEFI updating software, as well. The full list of motherboards with updated firmware can be viewed in the blog post here. Tags: CPUs Motherboards Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Opposable Thumbs / Gaming & Entertainment Oculus lowers minimum Rift specs using “asynchronous spacewarp” tech Cheapest "Oculus Ready" PC now comes in at $499, line includes many laptops. by Kyle Orland - Oct 6, 2016 6:19 pm UTC Login to bookmark 51 SAN JOSE—When Oculus first announced the minimum PC specs for the Oculus Rift, the headset needed an Nvidia GTX 970 equivalent and an Intel i5-4590 to run acceptably. Now without changing the hardware, Oculus has used a new software API called "asynchronous spacewarp" to officially lower that recommended spec. Today, Oculus says the Rift will run acceptably on any machine with an Nvidia 960 or greater and an intel i3-6100 (or AMD FX4350) or greater. The key to that change, Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe says, is a new "asychronous spacewarp" technology built into the Oculus API. Much like the Oculus' existing "asyncrhonous timewarp" technology (which Iribe says eliminates almost all of the 11 percent of frames that would otherwise be dropped in VR), Iribe says "spacewarp" allows games to run at an internal 45 frames per second while still providing a smooth 90 frames per second to the headset. The spacewarp system (which is built into the Oculus runtime) takes the two previous frames generated by software, analyzes the difference, and calculates a spatial transformation that can generate a "synthetic frame" based on the current head translation and movement. While Iribe was clear that this synthetic frame system is still "no replacement for native 90 hz rendering," it does fill in the frame rate gaps on systems that are not able to hit that framerate natively. Hence, the Oculus Rift officially supports PC hardware that's less powerful than it did before. That includes a new $499 Oculus Ready PC from CyberPowerPC and AMD. Oculus is also certifying four Oculus-ready laptops from the likes of ASUS, Alienware, Lenovo, Aorus. Iribe promised that, within a few years, there will be hundreds of laptops that meet that Oculus Ready spec. For now, though, Iribe said "PC VR is more affordable than ever. Expand full story Reader comments 51 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Kyle Orland / Kyle is the Senior Gaming Editor at Ars Technica, specializing in video game hardware and software. He has journalism and computer science degrees from University of Maryland. He is based in the Washington, DC area.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
null
≡ Menu Home Free eBook Start Here Contact About Intro to Linux KVM (Kernel Based Virtualization) and its Benefits by Luke P. Issac on October 3, 2016 Tweet What is virtualization? In simple terms, virtualization is a simulated platform or environment on top of a host node, which is quite abstract for an user. These simulated virtual environment can be an operating systems, or some development environment, etc. This gives us the ability to efficiently use the hardware resources of the host node. What is KVM? KVM stands for Kernel Based Virtualization. Kernel based virtualization was implemented to get the advantage of hardware assisted virtualization support given by the new generation of Intel and AMD CPU’s. During initial stages of development of virtualization technology the CPUs where fully emulated by the software which eventually lacked in performance because of absence of direct hardware access. These days, the CPUs in market supports the virtualization which is the result of the change in their architecture from the earlier stages. This is also called hardware assisted virtualization. If you are totally new to virtualization, this is a good place to start, where we’ve explained the three areas of Virtualization, and two types of hypervisors: Introduction to Server Virtualization Technology and Hypervisor Types The following are various approaches that were followed during the early development stage of the virutalization technology. Running the virtual machine on the host systems processor instead of emulating a processor using binary translation technique. It works without modifying the guest operating system. Modifying the guest systems operating system to communicate with a Hypervisor which has direct access to the hardware. Xen hypervisor platform is an example of it which implements Para virtualization. Modifying the host systems processor so that it could be easy to communicate with hypervisor and thus supporting the virtualization. It removes the need of the binary translation and emulation. It leads to full virtualization rather than para-virtualization. Modifying the host systems operating system so that it could support the virtualization. It results in native hypervisors rather than hosted ones. The kernel based Virtualization leverages the advantages of 3rd and 4th approach mentioned above. What is a Hypervisor? A Hypervisor is nothing but a middle layer of program, between the guest operating system and host systems hardware. It manages the actual hardware for all the connecting guest operating systems. The hypervisors can be of two types: native or hosted. The hypervisors are also called as VMMs-[Virtual Machine managers]. Please refer the figure below. It represents a bare-metal native hypervisor. Good examples of hosted hypervisors can be VMware or virtual box software. If you are new to VMWare, this will help: VMware Virtualization Fundamentals – VMware Server and VMware ESXi If you are new to Virtualbox, this is a good place to start: How to Install Oracle VM VirtualBox and Create a Virtual Machine KVM Evolution So, as a modern solution for the effective virtualization, kernel based virtual machine (KVM) evolved. It essentially uses the CPU extensions provided by modern hardware virtualization supporting CPUs, by a module with the kernel of host operating system. By use of this kernel based virtualization module, the kernel of the host operating systems works as a hypervisor leveraging the features of Linux kernel and the hardware supporting the virtualization. So to compare KVM with XEN and QEMU, we can say, KVM uses the processor extension for virtualization whereas QEMU works with complete emulation of the CPU on the other hand XEN works as an external hypervisor to the host operating system instead of using kernel for it. Using KVM we can run multiple virtual machines with any operating system, on a single machine or say the host system. KVM is introduced in Linux Kernel since 2.6.20 stable release. Good Example of KVM is the virtualization solution coming with RPM based Red Hat and Fedora distributions. Linux KVM Benefits If you are new to Linux KVM, this will help you to get started: How to Install Linux KVM and Create Guest VM with Examples The following are some of the features and benefits of Kernel based virtualization. With help of KVM module, it manages the performance critical parts of interrupts and timers by kernel based I/O emulation. It gives a capability to set limit on I/O request between virtual machine and host. The KVM module allows here emulation for CPU modes not supported by physical processor and the instructions. KVM module used is a part of the upstream Linux kernel as it’s added to it for enhancing virtualization. KVM module used here provides common interface for both Intel and AMD x86 processors which supports hardware virtualization. For Intel it is known as Intel VMX hardware assist for virtualization and for AMD it is known as AMD SVM hardware assist for virtualization. It creates a bare-metal hypervisor out of the kernel. We can say it creates a native hypervisor. Leverages the capability of MMU (Memory management unit) in hardware to virtualize the memory with improvement in performance. A virtual machine created by it is a standard Linux process, scheduled by its native standard Linux scheduler. It supports Intel’s EPT (Extended Page Table) and AMD’s RVI (Rapid virtualization indexing) features for memory virtualization by CPU vendors. Its supports all the file system supported by mainstream Linux kernel. Improved utilization of resources and access to it by providing flexible storage. It’s very easy to add memory, vCPU, Hard Disk to Linux KVM. Supports wide range of guest operating system including windows, UNIX, Solaris and DOS. All the features of the Linux like implementation of security using SELinux, wide range of hardware support and supporting Device drivers are inherited to kernel based virtual machines. Secure remote management by the API provided by the virtualization modules. Enhanced scalability as main stream of Linux kernel can be extended by adding modules to leverage more features. Tweet > Add your comment If you enjoyed this article, you might also like.. 50 Linux Sysadmin Tutorials 50 Most Frequently Used Linux Commands (With Examples) Top 25 Best Linux Performance Monitoring and Debugging Tools Mommy, I found it! – 15 Practical Linux Find Command Examples Linux 101 Hacks 2nd Edition eBook  Awk Introduction – 7 Awk Print Examples Advanced Sed Substitution Examples 8 Essential Vim Editor Navigation Fundamentals 25 Most Frequently Used Linux IPTables Rules Examples Turbocharge PuTTY with 12 Powerful Add-Ons { 1 comment… add one } Lev Lafayette October 4, 2016, 11:49 pm > KVM stands for Kernel Based Virtualization.< Not quite. Like most things, the acronym gives a good hint of the meaning. It's Kernel-based Virtual Machine, KVM. "KVM (for Kernel-based Virtual Machine) is a full virtualization solution for Linux on x86 hardware containing virtualization extensions (Intel VT or AMD-V). " http://www.linux-kvm.org/page/Main_Page Link Cancel reply Leave a Comment Name Email Website Comment Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Next post: C Program Example to Generate Cluster of Dots Previous post: How to Fix Curl TLS SSL Protocol Issue from CLI and PHP Code RSS  |  Email  |  Twitter  |  Facebook  |  Google+ EBOOKS  Linux 101 Hacks 2nd Edition eBook - Practical Examples to Build a Strong Foundation in Linux Bash 101 Hacks eBook - Take Control of Your Bash Command Line and Shell Scripting Sed and Awk 101 Hacks eBook - Enhance Your UNIX / Linux Life with Sed and Awk Vim 101 Hacks eBook - Practical Examples for Becoming Fast and Productive in Vim Editor Nagios Core 3 eBook - Monitor Everything, Be Proactive, and Sleep Well POPULAR POSTS 12 Amazing and Essential Linux Books To Enrich Your Brain and Library 50 UNIX / Linux Sysadmin Tutorials 50 Most Frequently Used UNIX / Linux Commands (With Examples) How To Be Productive and Get Things Done Using GTD 30 Things To Do When you are Bored and have a Computer Linux Directory Structure (File System Structure) Explained with Examples Linux Crontab: 15 Awesome Cron Job Examples Get a Grip on the Grep! – 15 Practical Grep Command Examples Unix LS Command: 15 Practical Examples 15 Examples To Master Linux Command Line History Top 10 Open Source Bug Tracking System Vi and Vim Macro Tutorial: How To Record and Play Mommy, I found it! -- 15 Practical Linux Find Command Examples 15 Awesome Gmail Tips and Tricks 15 Awesome Google Search Tips and Tricks RAID 0, RAID 1, RAID 5, RAID 10 Explained with Diagrams Can You Top This? 15 Practical Linux Top Command Examples Top 5 Best System Monitoring Tools Top 5 Best Linux OS Distributions How To Monitor Remote Linux Host using Nagios 3.0 Awk Introduction Tutorial – 7 Awk Print Examples How to Backup Linux? 15 rsync Command Examples The Ultimate Wget Download Guide With 15 Awesome Examples Top 5 Best Linux Text Editors Packet Analyzer: 15 TCPDUMP Command Examples The Ultimate Bash Array Tutorial with 15 Examples 3 Steps to Perform SSH Login Without Password Using ssh-keygen & ssh-copy-id Unix Sed Tutorial: Advanced Sed Substitution Examples UNIX / Linux: 10 Netstat Command Examples The Ultimate Guide for Creating Strong Passwords 6 Steps to Secure Your Home Wireless Network Turbocharge PuTTY with 12 Powerful Add-Ons CATEGORIES Linux Tutorials Vim Editor Sed Scripting Awk Scripting Bash Shell Scripting Nagios Monitoring OpenSSH IPTables Firewall Apache Web Server MySQL Database Perl Programming Google Tutorials Ubuntu Tutorials PostgreSQL DB Hello World Examples C Programming C++ Programming DELL Server Tutorials Oracle Database VMware Tutorials About The Geek Stuff My name is Ramesh Natarajan. I will be posting instruction guides, how-to, troubleshooting tips and tricks on Linux, database, hardware, security and web. My focus is to write articles that will either teach you or help you resolve a problem. Read more about Ramesh Natarajan and the blog. Contact Us Email Me : Use this Contact Form to get in touch me with your comments, questions or suggestions about this site. You can also simply drop me a line to say hello!. Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Twitter Become a fan on Facebook   Support Us Support this blog by purchasing one of my ebooks. Bash 101 Hacks eBook Sed and Awk 101 Hacks eBook Vim 101 Hacks eBook Nagios Core 3 eBook Copyright © 2008–2015 Ramesh Natarajan. All rights reserved | Terms of Service
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Falcon Northwest laptops join the Pascal party by Eric Born  9:00 AM on October 6, 2016 Laptop manufacturers around the world have eagerly refreshed their lineups to include Nvidia's Pascal GPUs. Lured by the promise of desktop-class performance in a notebook,  Asus, Gigabyte, and Aorus all announced Pascal-powered laptops on the same day. Now, boutique builder Falcon Northwest has updated its DRX and TLX notebooks with Nvidia's latest GPUs. Falcon Northwest thinks its DRX notebook can replace users' desktops without sacrificing performance. The result is an 8.6 lb (3.9 kg) monster that's 1.6" tall (4.1 cm). Its 17.3" IPS display sports Nvidia's G-sync technology, and has a maximum resolution of 1920x1080. There's room for a full-size keyboard with a numpad, as well as a two-button trackpad with an integrated fingerprint reader. DRX notebooks also have two Mini DisplayPort outputs, a USB 3.1 Type-C port, and a Thunderbolt port.  As you'd expect from a boutique shop, DRX laptops are highly customizable, and they all employ the same Intel Skylake processors as found in Falcon Northwest's desktops. Purchasers can select among Intel Core i5-6500, Core i5-6600K, or Core i7-6700K CPUs. For graphics horsepower, Falcon Northwest offers Nvidia's GeForce GTX 1060, 1070, or 1080 graphics cards. From there, buyers can add up to 64GB of DDR4 memory and up to four storage devices. Unsurprisingly, this hardware needs a lot of power. Falcon Northwest says gamers can expect about two hours of runtime before the battery will need to be swapped out or recharged. Users who expect a little more mobility from their mobile devices might consider Falcon Northwest's TLX notebook. At 5.8 lbs (2.6 kg) and 1.2" thick (3 cm), the TLXs are considerably more trim than the DRX models. Falcon Northwest opted for a 15.6" 1920x1080 display here—and yes, it's equipped with G-Sync. Like the DRX, TLX laptops have a full keyboard and numpad. There's no ThunderBolt port on these machines, though. TLX notebooks are a bit less customizable than the DRX models. Interested buyers can pick Intel's Core i7-6700HQ or Core i7-6820HK CPUs. All TLX models are equipped with Nvidia's GeForce GTX 1070. Despite the smaller size, these machines can still pack up to 64GB of DDR4 memory and up to four storage devices. The battery is non-removable, and should be good for about two hours of runtime. However users configure DRX or TLX notebooks, Falcon Northwest will throw in a backpack carrying case and a custom paint job on the lid for no extra charge. TLX notebooks start at $2200, while the larger DRX notebooks start at $2600. Both are available right now. Tags: Mobile computing Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Wednesday, November 16, 2016 15:44 (GMT+8) Taipei 27°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: Foxlink HTC wireless PC PC, CE Portable ICT manufacturing IT components, peripherals Server, IPC, cloud computing Software DIGITIMES login page Sorry, the page you are trying to open is available only for our paid subscribers. - Please sign in below if you wish to continue - New users, please register Login Save my User ID and Password NEW users please register first. I forgot my ID and/or password? For any problems contact webmaster or email questions and comments to editor Realtime news AUO starts production at 6G LTPS LCD plant in China Displays | 32min ago Taiwan IC production value to fall 4.8% in 4Q16, says IEK Bits + chips | 1h 6min ago India market: Smartphone shipments grow 17.5% in 3Q16, says IDC Mobile + telecom | 1h 24min ago Nvidia and MediaTek fastest-growing semiconductor companies for 2016, says IC Insights Bits + chips | 1h 38min ago Pause  |  View more Latest Digitimes news Digitimes Research: Cellular M2M IoT to be fast developing in China E Ink expects drop in 4Q16 revenues Proportion of notebooks for single-spindle models to rise significantly in 2017, say Taiwan makers Era of Silicon 4.0: TSIA chairman talks about virtual Moore's Law Inventec expects 2017 hand-held device shipments to grow 17.2-20.7% Demand for AMOLED panels from China smartphone vendors rising HTC announces wireless upgrade kit for HTC Vive TSMC orders NT$2.4 billion worth of facility equipment for Nanjing site SMIC, IMECAS cooperate on MEMS R&D and foundry Equipment maker Foxsemicon posts record 3Q16 profits PC supply chain seeing replacement trend in DIY market in 2H16 Gintech reports losses for 3Q16 Fujifilm to open new plant for advanced IC materials in Taiwan Giga Solar Materials nets NT$9.19 per share for 3Q16 Neo Solar Power suffers 3Q16 operating loss of NT$1.786 billion GIS 3Q16 operations turn profitable Acer strengthens ties with Tobii to develop VR devices with eye-tracking technology Router maker DrayTek reports earnings for 3Q16 Clevo ships nearly 160,000 notebooks in October Taiwan Chinsan reports strong earnings for 3Q16 Foxlink sees earnings rebound in 3Q16 Certification service provider IST acquires new factory for NT$356 million Smartphone shipments to grow at single-digit rates through 2020, says IC Insights Packaging material supplier Chang Wah 3Q16 profits rise 68% JOLED to offer prototype printed OLED panels, says Nikkei Market summary 16-Nov-2016 markets closed   Last Change TAIEX (TSE) 8931.03 -9.37 -0.1%  TSE electronic 358.33 -0.76 -0.21%  GTSM (OTC) 119.6 +0.08 +0.07%  OTC electronic 156.93 -0.44 -0.28%  View more Around the web Siemens to buy Mentor Graphics amid push to digitize heavy industry (Nov 14) - Wall Street Journal Dolby drags Oppo and Vivo to court; demands royalties for unlicensed use of proprietary technology (Nov 11) - Firstpost Exclusive: Siemens nears deal to buy Mentor Graphics - sources (Nov 13) - Reuters Intel's build-from-scratch Aero Ready to Fly Drone Kit will take off next month (Nov 9) - PC World Intel's virtual reality plan: Focus on sports and live events (Nov 9) - Motley Fool AMD targets gaming, VR content creators with new Radeon graphics cards (Nov  - eWeek Samsung applied patent for fingerprint swipe gestures (Oct 27) - Android Community Filing suggests Apple investing big in OLED supply, increasing capital expenditure (Nov 8) - Apple Insider Latest from Digitimes Research Reports Analysis Data Taiwan handsets – 2Q 2016 China smartphone AP shipments - 2Q 2016 Global tablet market – 2Q 2016 China smartphone market and industry – 2Q 2016 More reports Digitimes Research: Growing use of facial recognition increases demand for IR LED devices Digitimes Research: Japan CE market sees decreased DSLR sales, focus on VR, takeoff of drone demand in 3Q16 Digitimes Research: Worldwide notebook shipments grow sequentially in 3Q16 More analysis 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 More interactive charts Supply chain window Sponsor zone Releases White papers Bulletin 'd!conomy – no limits': Keynote theme at CeBIT 2017 reveals the enormous potential afforded by digitalization Frontline PCB Solutions announces a company rebrand NVIDIA drives AI revolution, an ultimate challenge to GPU computing Orbotech presents new, innovative digital production solutions at TPCA 2016 Microsoft IoT Expo 2016 builds partnership and seeks service-oriented and touched applications More releases Unisys IT Implementation of Unisys Stealth Solution for Data Center Segmentation Getting the Most Out Of Your Next Generation Digital Security Surveillance System Embracing the New Generation Intel Atom Family with DDR3 Memory Support Got The Message? Ensuring efficient and reliable delivery of content across a mission critical digital signage network Emb' Store On-Demand Software Service for Embedded Computing More white papers Perforce Software Wins Develop Industry Excellence Award for the Second Year in a Row Perforce Teams with Leading Git Client Developer fournova Perforce Introduces Helix GitSwarm: Flexible Git Ecosystem Mirrored to a Powerful Mainline Repository Perforce Helix Distributed Version Control System Brings Greater Flexibility While Maintaining Enterprise-class Security, Auditability and Control Perforce Powers Development of Legacy Quest for iOS and Android More in bulletin On display 1 2 3 Asustek ZenWatch 3 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Xplova X5 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Apple Watch Series 2 smartwatchesPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Apple iPhone 7 and 7 PlusPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Polar M600Photo: Company, Aug 4. Samsung Galaxy Note 7Photo: Company, Aug 3. Acer TravelMate X349 Photo: Company, Jul 25. Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 Mini ITX OC Edition graphics cardPhoto: Company, Jul 14. Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 Windforce OC Edition graphics cardPhoto: Company, Jul 13. Samsung 256GB UFS cardPhoto: Company, Jul 13. Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 G1 Gaming graphics card Photo: Company, Jul 1. AMD to release first Polaris graphics card soonPhoto: Michael Lee, Digitimes, Jun 3. Page 2 Hot Systems Digitimes Research: 4 million 9.7-inch iPad Pros to ship in 1H16 Digitimes Research: Global all-in-one PC shipments to drop 3.9% on year in 2015 Digitimes Research: iPad Pro shipments to be less than 3 million units in 4Q15 Digitimes Research: Intel processor shipments rely on Windows tablets for growth Digitimes Research: Tablets with phone functionality from white-box players to suffer over 15% decline in 2Q15 More Page 2 Apple introduces iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Acer unveils cycling computer Gigabyte launches two new GeForce GTX 1070 graphics cards Gigabyte launches graphics card with Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 GPU AMD announces new workstation graphics card with 32GB memory More Hot Systems Topics Taiwan notebook ODMs Taiwan notebook Original Design Manufacturers (ODMs) account for more than 90% of global notebook production and Digitimes is there to provide daily... HTC Vive HTC is banking on its VR device to revive its business Virtual reality on the rise Virtual reality has become the latest topic of the PC industry with players such as Samsung, HTC, Google and Sony, all aggressively pushing into. Android The early success Google's Android platform has achieved in the handset market has caused system makers, software developers and semiconductor players... Frankly speaking Industry intros Potential of wireless charging technology: Q&A with WPC chairman Menno Treffers To help foster the development of related wireless charging technology in Taiwan, the Wireless Power... Business planning in the cloud: Q&A with Anaplan Silicon Valley based Anaplan, a cloud-based planning and performance management platform provider,... The gaming notebook competition: Q&A with Jone Chang from Gigabyte notebook department Gaming notebooks have become the main focus of Gigabyte Technology's notebook department and despite... Powering the cloud: Intel embraces new identity The next wave of computing is now beginning to define the IT industry, where the boundaries of computing... More interviews Smartphone and tablet industry: The view from Taiwan - May 2012 Taiwan-based companies have a long and successful history of involvement in the supply chain for mobile devices, which for the purposes of this article consist... Taiwan motherboard industry overview - May 2012 The year 2011 saw the motherboard industry reverse its trend of declining shipments year-on-year, to post a slight 0.2% growth. This upturn in fortunes was expected... Notebook market overview - Jun 2011 The notebook industry in 2010 experienced several major events that significantly changed the industry's ecosystem for the year and the industry is also believed... Taiwan motherboard industry overview - Jun 2011 The motherboard industry began 2010 with optimism and expected to see a reversal of the previous two years' declines in revenues and shipments as the impact of... More industry intros Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link TAG CLOUD China Taiwan EPS Mobile devices revenues notebook 2016 3Q16 Acer Asustek Mobile components demand 2017 shipments 10 days cloud DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Asus ROG G752VS and GL502VS gaming laptops with GeForce GTX10 launched starting at Rs. 181990 Asus Republic of Gamers (ROG) has launched two new compact gaming notebooks in India that are equipped with the latest Nvidia Pascal GeForce GTX10 series. Both the laptops come with VR-Ready NVIDIA GeForce GTX 10-series graphics cards for improved VR-gaming experiences. These graphics cards also feature NVIDIA G-SYNC technology that aims to reduce lag and stutter, and eliminate visual tearing for smoother gaming visuals. ROG G752VS The Asus ROG G752VS sports NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 GPU, Windows 10 Pro, 6th generation Intel Skylake unlocked Core i7 processor and up to 64GB DDR4 RAM. The 17 inch laptop has an Armor Titanium and Plasma Copper color scheme. The device delivers up to 80% higher performance than previous-generation graphics cards , an unlocked 6th-generation Intel Core i7 ‘Skylake’ processor and up to 64GB DDR4 RAM. The unlocked processor has an overclocking toolkit, allowing users to overclock the system to speeds of up to 4.0GHz. ROG G752VS boasts a panel with a superfast 120Hz refresh rate and wide 178° viewing angles for superb image quality and contrast even when viewed from extreme angles. It has a backlit anti-ghosting keyboard with 30-key rollover for precise control and input during intense gaming sessions. ROG Strix GL502VS This sports comes a VR Ready NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 GPU that offers a virtual reality experience which is smooth, low-latency, stutter-free and visual tearing free. It weighs 2.3kg and comes with a 15-inch wide-view panel which allows for a 178° viewing angle. The note book promises improved speed, capacity, and lower power consumption while offering a 32GB of DDR4 RAM. It has a noise free audio systems comes with a ROG gaming center. The laptops have ASUS GameFirst III technology that optimizes network traffic for faster, lag-free online gaming. You can choose between four preset package priority modes (Optimization, Game, Media Streaming, and File Sharing) via its intuitive interface. AVAILABILITY & PRICING ASUS ROG GL502VS & G752VS will be available across all online & offline leading retailers and Asus Exclusive Stores at a starting price of Rs 1,81,990 and Rs. 2,47,990 respectively. "Asus ROG G752VS and GL502VS gaming laptops with GeForce GTX10 launched starting at Rs. 181990", 5 out of 5 based on 27 ratings. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on October 6, 2016October 6, 2016Categories Asus Post navigation Previous Previous post: Zen Mobile launches Cinemax Force for Rs. 4290, offers one-time screen replacement for its phones Next Next post: Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Benchmarks – Snapdragon 652 and 4GB of RAM Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Google PhotoScan app will digitize your old printed photos Reliance Jio to launch 4G VoLTE feature phones under Rs. 1500 with unlimited voice, video calling OnePlus 3T prices compared across the world OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3 – What’s Different OnePlus 3T with Snapdragon 821, 16MP front and rear cameras, up to 128GB storage announced starting at $439 OnePlus 3T briefly appears on official site; 16MP front camera, 3400mAh battery, new Gunmetal color confirmed Apple working on AR smartglass, WhatsApp rolls out video calling and more – FoneArena Daily ‘Designed by Apple in California’ book with 450 Apple product images released for $299 iBall MusiTap Bluetooth headset with FM Radio, microSD support launched for Rs. 1325 LeEco appoints Anthony Gao as APAC President, receives $600 million new funding CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016

null
  Virtualization Server Hardware Server Software Open Source Data Center Management Server Operating Systems About Us Server News Tutorials Server Trends Reviews Server Topics Slideshows Newsletter Sign-Up Virtualization Server Hardware Server Software Open Source Data Center Management Server Operating Systems Power and Cooling More Serverwatch.com Server Reviews Read more on "Data Center Management Spotlight" » RECOMMENDED MOST POPULAR 1 Minimalist Windows Server 2016 Means Nano Server 2 HPE's HC 380 Serves Up Secret Sauce for Hyper-Converged 3 New Supermicro SuperBlades Pack Some Serious Power 4 Cisco's UCS Mini Is Ready for any Workload 5 Synology DSM 6.0 Does Containers and More 1 Installing and Activating Hyper-V Linux Integration Services Consider Consolidating Your Servers with a New Dell or HPE 4U Workhorse By Paul Ferrill (Send Email) Posted October 27, 2016 Digg DZone Reddit Slashdot StumbleUpon del.icio.us Facebook FriendFeed Furl Twitter Google Operating expenses, or OPEX, represent the single biggest cost savings opportunity for IT departments. Replacing older servers with newer, more energy efficient ones can reduce OPEX costs significantly. For more information on Server Hardware Why Lenovo for Hyperconverged? Partner Offers Choosing the right combination of servers is the trick, and the choice depends greatly on the kinds of workloads you need to support. Two new systems from Dell and HPE provide contrasting options to address your specific needs. Today's big data workloads beg for lots of CPU cores and memory. Both Dell and HPE deliver on that requirement with the Dell PowerEdge R930 and HPE ProLiant DL580. Our test systems came equipped with four Intel Xeon E7-8890 v3 processors plus 512 GB of memory, although both systems can handle up to 6TB if you max out the 96 DIMM slots. Beyond those details are some very different capabilities in the two systems, which we'll discuss in more detail shortly. Hardware Choices Local storage is the name of the game with the Dell PowerEdge R930. One quick look at the front panel reveals twenty-four small form factor (SFF) drive slots. If you look closer, you'll see a total of eight dedicated NVMe slots split across two PCIe interfaces. That leaves sixteen slots for 12Gb SAS HDD or SAS/SATA SSD drives to serve as a capacity tier. Dell offers 3.2 TB NVMe drives, so you could outfit this system with 25.6 TB of super-fast flash storage. Couple that with 3.84 TB SAS or SATA SSDs, and you've got 61.44 TB of read intensive flash. Putting that kind of storage along with sixty CPU cores gives you a monster system in a box. While the HPE ProLiant DL580 sports the same CPU and memory options as the Dell PowerEdge R930, it has more of a focus on modern GPU intensive workloads. Our test system came with a total of eight full-length 16X PCIe slots and a beefy power supply to support double-wide GPU boards. We test installed an Nvidia Tesla GPU card to get a feel for what this system can do. Local storage does not play as prominent of a role with a total of ten available SFF slots. The HPE ProLiant DL580 does support NVMe drives should you have a need for fast local storage. Both Dell and HPE offer a variety of networking options via both on-board and add-in cards. The Dell PowerEdge R930 came with an Intel X540 10GB Ethernet card that supports both 1 and 10 GbE connections. Dell also offers a number of networking options, including the Mellanox ConnectX-4 dual-port 25 GbE adapter. The HPE ProLiant DL580 came with an on-board dual 10 GbE FlexFabric network adapter plus a 4-port 1 GbE adapter. HPE also offers 25 GbE networking with their 640SFP28 dual-port adapter. On the power front you have a number of options with both systems. Both the Dell PowerEdge R930 and the HPE ProLiant DL580 come with four power supply slots. Dell offers a choice of either a 750W or a 1100W individual power supply. You must choose the configuration you'll need from a matrix of non-redundant, redundant and failover options. A minimum of two power supplies must be installed for redundant operations and three for failover. The HPE ProLiant DL580 utilizes higher-wattage power supplies in order to support the power-hungry GPU boards. Options here include 1200W and 1500W models with similar redundancy and failover requirements. Management Both Dell's iDRAC and HPE's iLO provide out-of-band management capabilities for connecting directly to the server. Each management platform includes the basic tools you would expect to see for monitoring the current status of the system and performing basic administrative functions. Both management platforms also offer remote access to the system console, although HPE gets the slight edge here with an installable Windows app. The Dell remote tool has been based on Java, which could cause some issues if your browser has Java execution locked down; however, the company's latest iDRAC release offers an HTML5 version of the remote console that does not require Java. Automating the management of remote systems in a Microsoft shop typically involves the use of Windows PowerShell. Both Dell and HPE provide PowerShell modules for connecting to iDRAC and iLO, respectively. Available PowerShell cmdlets make it possible to automate the process of updating firmware or BIOS images, collecting inventory and much more. You can download the HP Scripting Tools for Windows PowerShell or the Dell PowerShell cmdlets for PowerEdge Servers for free. Wrap Up Starting prices for the Dell PowerEdge R930 come in at $9598.99, while the HPE ProLiant DL580 starts out at $10,811.99. Prices go up quickly as you might imagine when you add lots of memory and the high-end processors. Other configuration options like higher wattage power supplies and fast networking components can run the price up as well. Both of these systems deliver a huge amount of power in a single 4U box. If you have a server or workload consolidation projects in your future, you would do well to consider one of these workhorses for your solution. Paul Ferrill, based in Chelsea, Alabama, has been writing about computers and software for almost 20 years. He has programmed in more languages than he cares to count, but now leans toward Visual Basic and C#. Follow ServerWatch on Twitter and on Facebook Page 1 of 1 Read more on "Data Center Management Spotlight" » Tags: Dell, servers, server hardware, server consolidation, HPE 0 Comments (click to add your comment) Comment and Contribute Your name/nickname Your email (Maximum characters: 1200). You have characters left.     Thanks for your registration, follow us on our social networks to keep up-to-date
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Wed, Nov 16, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X IBM, Intel and Ryanair at conference to unite designers and developers Tickets also selling fast for Uprise, which comes to Dublin for the first time this month Thu, Oct 6, 2016, 06:45 Charlie Taylor The Web Summit may be no more but the RDS will be hosting two tech festivals in the coming weeks         The divide between designers and developers will be addressed at a major new tech conference to be held in Dublin early next month. Senior speakers from Intel, IBM and Ryanair will all be speaking at UXDX, which takes place in the RDS on November 2nd. UXDX stands for User Experience (UX), Experience Design (XD) and Developer Experience (DX). Among the speakers at this year’s event are Douglas Powell, design principal at IBM; David Boundy, director of IoT (Internet of Things) at Intel; and Ryanair’s head of development, David O’Callaghan, who leads a team that has responsibility for transforming the airline into a “digital company that flies planes”. “UXDX is for all parties involved in product development: it’s about designers, developers, product owners and project managers at all stages of their careers coming together to share their perspectives, learn from each other and find the best way forward,” said event director Catherine Madden. Sponsors of this year’s event include the Department of Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation, Fáilte Ireland, Meet in Ireland, Frontend.com, Optimal Workshop, FR Kelly, Dublin UX and the Digital Hub. Uprise Festival Separately, tickets are selling fast for the Uprise Festival, which takes place at the RDS on October 20th. The event is the brainchild of Amsterdam-based Irishman Paul O’Connell, who founded the festival in Holland last year but is now expanding it to Ireland. Promising “no public wifi for the 2, 000 attendees, no big guest speakers and no apps to lose yourself in,” the start-up focused festival promises to showcase some 150 innovative young companies, and provide practical workshops and panels from Microsoft, Google, Facebook, Salesforce, Freelance.com and Seedrs to mention just a few. “We will be ending Uprise with our Epic Pitch battle which will see six handpicked international start-ups taking on six Irish-based ones in an event in which the audience chooses the winner,” said Mr O’Connell. ADVERTISEMENT       Topics: Catherine Madden David Boundy David O Callaghan Douglas Powell Paul O Connell Department of Jobs Enterprise and Innovation Fáilte Ireland Facebook Google IBM Intel Microsoft Ryanair Salesforce Seedrs Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Technology Snapchat has secretly filed for flotation, sources claim Personal Finance The bond rout and Irish pension savers: what you need to be aware of International Gordon D’Arcy: All Blacks will be bitter, Ireland must be better Business Sensors help police curb gang violence in Cape Town Sponsored World-first tech restores mains electricity to Aran Islands Newbridge Silverware builds ambitious plan for US market My Jaguar F-Pace: ‘I was completely blown away’ Ten things to consider when buying a new sofa ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Hines emerges as top bidder for student residence beside UCD 06:45 Bank of Ireland ‘will utilise any relaxation of mortgage rules’ 06:34 €700 per sq m rent for top D2 offices 06:30 Tourist industry urged to shift focus from UK to EU 06:08 London Briefing: Carney takes chance to get own back on MPs 06:06 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Could sleep problems be a thing of the past with Sense? Tech Tools: ‘Sleep pills’ that aren’t, and a glowing orb that controls everything. Welcome to the future MacBook Pro gets overdue update Tech Tools: Touch Bar replaces function key in new model Review: Dyson 360 Eye – robot vacuum cleaner with hefty price Tech Tools: Dyson’s device can be controlled remotely via app and has 360-degree camera Review: PlayStation VR – immersive gaming within reach Sony’s virtual reality system requires add ons but offers ease, comfort and interaction Most Read in Business 1 UK group secures €22m profit on Irish Nationwide's Dublin HQ 2 Sorry millennials: Buying a home was just as hard for your parents 3 & Other Stories to open on Grafton Street next month 4 Bank of Ireland ‘will utilise any relaxation of mortgage rules’ 5 Easyjet may apply for Irish licence to ensure EU access 6 London Briefing: Carney takes chance to get own back on MPs 7 Aer Lingus and Ryanair could agree to passenger transfers 8 Hines emerges as top bidder for student residence beside UCD 9 €700 per sq m rent for top D2 offices 10 Ciarán Hancock: Buying Peacock will take Greencore to new level Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Study links moderate Facebook use to living longer Web Log: Social media users ‘worn out’ by US politics chatter Weblog: Twitter messes with your timeline (again) Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Tearaway Unfolded   Big screen debut for Atoi & Co Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Wed 16/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Wednesday, November 16, 2016 As of 6:42 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Apple iMac 2016 release date, news & update: Tech experts may not be expecting revolutionary specs & features By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on October 06 2016 5:03 PM 0 0 0 0 A new iMac computer is seen follownig a presentation at Apple headquarters in Cupertino, California October 16, 2014. Reuters/Robert Galbraith Apple iMac 2016 featuring a 5K display could be coming this October. Fans are now waiting for a major announcement from Apple to set the mood for the holiday season. While the Cupertino-based technology giant may also release other products, the iMac 2016 is eagerly-anticipated. This is because, reports suggest Apple has upgraded the iMac and included some amazing features and specs along with a revamped look and feel. Apple has a history of releasing devices in the end of October. However, many tech enthusiasts believe that major overhauls to the iMac are unlikely though an Intel processor is expected, Mobile & Apps. Even though Apple succeeds in unveiling a revolutionary iMac 2016, Intel’s highly-hyped Kaby Lake processors may not find a place inside the device as they will reportedly coming end of this year. Instead, a Polaris AMD processor is also very likely. AMD recently won a contract with Apple for its graphics chips. Gamers are expecting that the Apple iMac 2016 will have some specs/features that will help in improving the gaming experience in the device. Polaris graphics chips are known for lower power consumption and high speeds. The chips significantly better resolution to make the gaming experience more satisfying. An Apple iMac 2016 with VR capability is also expected. Polaris 10 and 11 are looking to improvise on the VR experience and fans may expect some real excitement on this front. Fusion drive may become the default storage for the iMac 2016. The flash storage may also become the storage standard for the Apple iMac 2016 that may result in better read and write speeds. Apple iMac has been a very popular device but interest in it has waned a bit due to a number of other exciting devices from the same company. This time Apple should try and release an iMac 2016 with more exciting features and specs to gain back some of its lost popularity. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Apple iMac 2016 spotted on Best Buy iMac 2016 may make fusion drives default storage Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 New 'Doctor Who' in 2018 0 Shares 2 Evidence says US president-elect Donald Trump could be impeached: Law professor 0 Shares 3 Nostradamus from the Balkans predicted the end of US politics as the world has come to know it 0 Shares 4 November supermoon: When, where and how to view from Australia 0 Shares 5 'Outlander' Season 3: Young Jamie cast; Sam Heughan teases photo 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan failed dating attempt 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan promises to answer questions 0 Shares 8 'Star Wars: Episode 8' theory' What Rey's training will entail 0 Shares 9 World War III Update: Did Nostradamus predict Trump’s election & third global war? 0 Shares 10 ‘X Factor Australia’ 2016 latest news: Fans blast Iggy Azalea for Chynna Taylor’s exit; Guy Sebastian may have called Iggy’s vote ‘stupid’ [VIDEOS] 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Domino’s to sell thickshakes and ice cream in cups in July 2017 3rd loss for Johnson & Johnson after St Louis jury awards over $70 million to California woman diagnosed with ovarian cancer Hancock Prospecting says its bid for Kidman cattle business is superior to BBHO’s AT&T to buy Time Warner for $112.25B Woolworths opens its first next generation store in Sydney Apple Pay wins deal with 31 Australian banks, credit unions More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Australia infected by killer clown craze Australian resident sentenced to 20 years in Indonesia for cyanide coffee murder NSW parents sentenced to jail for raping, torturing daughter for 15 years Twitter satirist Fake Stephen Conroy killed in Idaho Chili’s apologises after US veteran’s food taken away by manager on Veterans Day Killer clown stabs woman on leg while at home More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Hobart Test: Proof that South Africa captain Faf du Plessis cheated Australian cricket team is third in history to suffer 5 consecutive losses 2 Brisbane hackers enter North Korea by posing as Australian golf delegation Ronda Rousey announces MMA retirement; Fight with Amanda Nunes ‘one of last fights’ LeBron James has season-high 14 assists, Cavaliers beat Raptors in thriller DeMarcus Cousins trade imminent before deadline More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Google Pixel phone is vulnerable to hacking Apple iOS 10 jailbreak impossible? November supermoon: When, where and how to view from Australia Supermoon November 2016 Australia: When and where to view the 'extra-super moon' The iPhone 7 Plus Full Review: Specs, features and Australian pricing NES Classic Edition: Nintendo promises to restock before the holidays More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘Outlander’: ‘Explore your outer Claire’ says Diana Gabaldon ‘X Factor Australia’ 2016 Top 5 live recap: Judges save Vlado Saric; it’s third time unlucky for Beatz [VIDEOS] 'American Horror Story' Season 6 Episode 10 spoilers: Season finale reveals Lee as the ultimate survivor of ‘Three Days in Hell’ New 'Doctor Who' in 2018 Taylor Swift rebuffs Andy Cohen's suggestion to sit with Katy Perry 'NCIS' Season 14 episode 7 spoilers: ‘Home of the Brave’ tackles immigration issue, provides updates about Tony DiNozzo More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car NASA's Juno Probe Reaches Jupiter Orbit China Begins Military Exercises In South China Sea Jose Mourinho: 'It's A Job Everyone Wants' Dior Unveils Autumn Creations At Paris Haute Couture Week IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,275 Reviews & Articles | 52,907 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Three awesome GIGABYTE Motherboards Intel Z170 Motherboards up for grabs! TRENDING NOW: Watch Dogs 2 first impressions Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets Intel's huge LGA 3647 socket teases Knights Landing Knights Landing teased through a new image of Intel's upcoming LGA 3647 socket By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: Oct 6, 2016 4:41 am Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Intel has something truly monstrous with its upcoming Knights Landing LGA 3647 socket, with Serve the Home teasing us with some pictures of the gigantic LGA 3647 socket.     The upcoming Knights Landing platform will support 6-channel DDR4 support, as well as no dual-latch system that is used on the LGA 2011 platform. Serve the Home explains that the socket and thermal designs that they have seen "do not have latching mechanisms", and instead they're seeing "solutions that secure the CPU to the heat sink".     Here we have a comparison shot of Broadwell-EP, LGA 3657 (Knights Landing), and Broadwell-DE.     STH had an Intel Xeon D (Broadwell-DE) BGA package next to the massive LGA 3674 socket, and it looks super small.     The entire assembly is then guided into place by the socket pins, with screws flanking the heat sink to secure it in place. Supermicro's 2U4N solution's heat sink you can see above handles 200W TDP in a 1U high chassis.   These new monster LGA 3647 socket CPUs won't be for most desktop users, but for those who want impossible amounts of CPU cores and RAM - then the new Knights Landing platform should be at the top of your Christmas list. NEWS SOURCES:Wccftech.com Recommended for You Intel's new Kaby Lake-based Core i7-7700K will cost... Intel's new Atom processor is a step closer to Skynet... Core i7-7700K hits 6.7GHz on LN2, i5-7600K 5.1GHz... Samsung: 10nm FinFET SoC now in mass production >> NEXT STORY: Fallout 4 getting limited mod support on PS4 << PREVIOUS STORY: Galaxy Note 7 replacement catches fire on US flight Related Tags Intel Intel Knights Landing Knights Landing LGA 3647 Supermicro Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts HP's new super-small PC packs Intel Xeon, M.2 SSD, more Dishonored 2 crap perf on PC 'totally on us' says dev HBO's 'Westworld' renewed for a second season NVIDIA's new supercomputer will design next-gen GPUs Apple's new $300 design book doesn't include 3.5mm jackView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Gigabyte X58-UD5 System Doesn't Boot Anymore! ADATA SE730 (2016) 250GB Portable SSD Review C2750DI no video/POST i can't install anything on my newly built gaming pc Samsung 960 EVO 1TB 1TB & 250GB M.2 NVMe PCIe SSD ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
CLOSE Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Trending Now How to Secure Your Ubuntu Network Create Your Own Ubuntu 16.10 Live ISO with the New Linux For All (LFA) Distro Ubuntu Touch OTA-14 Slightly Delayed, New Task Manager Gets Fuzzy Background Docker 1.13.0 Enters Development, to Add Support for Ubuntu 16.10 and Fedora 25 Linux Kernel 4.4.31 LTS Released with Multiple Updated Drivers, Various Fixes Home news Dell XPS 13 laptops with Kaby Lake now available for $800 and... news Dell XPS 13 laptops with Kaby Lake now available for $800 and up (Windows and Ubuntu options) By rascal23 - Oct 6, 2016 1598 0 Dell’s 2016 line of XPS 13 thin and light laptops are now available. The new models feature Intel Kaby Lake processors and slightly bigger batteries than their predecessors. But otherwise the new Dell XPS 13 laptops are a lot like the models Dell has released for the past few years: they’re thin, they’re light, they have affordable starting prices, and there are even a few models that come with Ubuntu Linux instead of Windows 10. The new XPS 13 laptops were unveiled a few weeks ago, and now they’re available from Dell.com for $800 and up. The laptop measures about 0.6 inches thick and weighs about 2.7 pounds, features a carbon fiber and aluminum body, and has super-slim bezels, allowing Dell to put a 13.3 inch display on a notebook that’s closer to the size you’d expect from a 12 inch model. An entry-level model features a 1920 x 1080 pixel display, an Intel Core i3-7100U processor, 4GB of RAM, 128GB of solid state storage, and a 60 Wh battery. But Dell also offers models with up to a Core i7-7500U CPU, up to 16GB of RAM, and up to 512GB of solid state storage. Some higher-priced models also have 3200 x 1800 pixel touchscreen displays. Each laptop has two USB 3.0 ports, a Thunderbolt 3/USB 3.1 Type-C port, an SD card reader, and a headset jack as well as a 720p webcam, 802.11ac WiFi, and Bluetooth 4.1. Source: http://liliputing.com/2016/10/dell-xps-13-laptops-with-kaby-lake-now-available-for-800-and-up-windows-and-ubuntu-options.html Submitted by: Arnfried Walbrecht Previous articleSystemRescueCd 4.8.3 Released with X.Org Server 1.18.4, Linux Kernel 4.4.23 LTS Next articleKDE Neon 5.8 User Edition Linux OS Offers the Latest KDE Plasma 5.8 LTS Desktop rascal23 RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR How to Secure Your Ubuntu Network Create Your Own Ubuntu 16.10 Live ISO with the New Linux For All (LFA) Distro Ubuntu Touch OTA-14 Slightly Delayed, New Task Manager Gets Fuzzy Background NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Security   /   Intel Takes Its Consumer Security to the Cloud       Intel Takes Its Consumer Security to the Cloud     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-10-05 Print               The chip maker is offloading the analytics work of its anti-malware engine to the cloud in an effort to increase the effectiveness in detecting cyber-threats. Intel is turning to the cloud to make its consumer security capabilities more effective. The chip maker's security group this week unveiled enhancements to its McAfee AntiVirus Plus, Internet Security, Total Protection and LifeSafe software suite that aim to protect the growing number and variety of connected devices consumers are using as the internet of things (IoT) ecosystem continues to grow. "People are enjoying more and more connected devices as part of everyday life—in their homes, in their cars and even in the things they wear," John Giamatteo, corporate vice president and general manager at Intel Security, said in a statement. "This wave of new connectivity is exciting, and a reminder that security is more important than ever. We know our customers need solutions that protect their digital lives, particularly as connectivity continues to rise and threats continue to evolve." The enhanced security offerings are aimed at both PCs and Apple Macs, as well as mobile devices running on Apple's iOS and Google's Android mobile operating systems. Central to the upgraded lineup is the McAfee Next Generation Anti-Malware Engine, which uses behavioral analytics and machine learning to better automatically detect and block malware as it arises without having to rely on human research, according to Intel officials. It's also more efficient and effective at detecting malware threats by offloading the analytics work to the cloud, they said. In addition, Intel Security's True Key provides multifactor authentication to enable consumers to log in to websites safely using such technologies as facial recognition and fingerprints. Among the updates to the software are master password reset and the ability to import data from other password managers. The True Key app is included with LifeSafe, Total Protection and Internet Security. Intel Security also is offering enhancements to protection features for Mac and Android devices that officials said increases the ability to detect threats in the systems. The chip maker also is making a Virus Protection Pledge that comes when a customer's subscription is renewed automatically, promising that if a consumer's device is infected with a virus they can't handle, the McAfee support group will remove it or the customer gets a refund. In announcing the enhancements, company officials pointed to not only the growing number of connected devices consumers are using but also the rise in threats to those devices, particularly ransomware. According to the McAfee Labs Threat Report released in June, new ransomware—wherein hackers steal data and refuse to give it back until a ransom has been paid—has grown 120 percent since the first quarter 2015. At the same time, most consumers now own at least three connected devices, putting a greater emphasis on the need for enhanced security capabilities, they said. Intel Security's announcement comes a month before the company's Focus 2016 security show, which runs Nov. 1-3 in Las Vegas. It also comes a month after Intel announced it is spinning out its cyber-security software business in a partnership with private equity firm TPG in a deal worth about $4.2 billion. Intel and TPG will create a new, independent company based on the Intel Security unit and retaining the name the McAfee name. TPG will own 51 percent of the new company, while Intel will own the other 49 percent. Intel bought McAfee in early 2011 for $7.6 billion with the idea of integrating more security capabilities into its chips to offer better protection from everything from PCs to servers. The unit has made money over the years, but officials are steering the company in other directions to address such emerging markets as IoT, virtual reality, the cloud and data center systems.           LATEST SECURITY ARTICLES   IoT Devices Evolving Rapidly as Favorite DDoS Attack Tool, Experts Say Dell Data Protection Defends Against External, Insider Threats Kaspersky Alleges Microsoft's Windows Defender Is Anti-Competitive Linux Foundation Back Reproducible Builds Effort for Secure Software Network Worm Could Infect 'Smart' Home Devices, Researchers Show                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Business Profiles Print Edition PageView Flip PDF Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Login Profile Mobile Tablet General Auto Health Dining & Entertainment Home Computing Real Estate Municipal Notices Business Directory News Front Page News Obituaries Calendar Entertainment Police Report Features Letters House & Home Sports Photo Galleries Poll Should Northfield schools merge with Williamtown or Montpelier Williamstown Montpelier Should not merge Services Classifieds Classified Order Subscribe Donate Rate Card Business Profiles Advertiser Index Contact Us Links Norwich Athletics Warrior Pow Wow Northfield Municipal Schools Copyright 2008-2016 The Northfield News All Rights Reserved 2016-10-06 / Entertainment Tweet Print News from the Hill October is National Cybersecurity Awareness Month On Friday, Sept. 30, President Richard W. Schneider signed a university proclamation officially launching Cybersecurity Awareness Month at Norwich University, a national leader in cybersecurity and digital forensics education.   October is National Cybersecurity Awareness Month, and this year Norwich is taking up the charge of engaging the entire Norwich community and surrounding Northfield and central Vermont community on this important topic with both internal activities and several presentations, which are free and open to the public.   On Tuesday, Oct. 11, from 1-2 p.m. in Plumley Armory, Norwich presents “The Cyber-Threat Landscape,” a keynote presentation by Stacey Wright from the Multi State-Information Sharing and Analysis Center (MS-ISAC) of Albany, New York. In this engaging presentation, Wright will introduce the current cyber threat environment and the simple steps everyone can take to protect themselves. The public is welcome and encouraged to attend this talk and to participate in the Q and A after.     Wright is the Intel Program Manager at the Center for Internet Security (CIS), where she leads the Intel Team for the Multi-State Information Sharing and Analysis Center (MS-ISAC). The Intel Team focuses on providing strategic, operational, and tactical cyber-threat intelligence on state, local, tribal, and territorial government cyber issues, and is dedicated to providing comprehensive, actionable intelligence analysis. Prior to her employment at CIS, Wright was the Cyber Intelligence Analyst for the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Albany Division, where she was responsible for coordinating the local cyber-intelligence program, and served as the FBI's liaison to MS-ISAC.   On Thursday, Oct. 20, from 2-4 p.m. in Dole Auditorium, come hear presentations by members of the Albany, N.Y., FBI. On Thursday, Oct. 27 from 6:30-8 p.m. in Partridge 125, come hear from Heather Roszkowski NU’00 & M’08,Chief Information Security Officer at University of Vermont Medical Center, a five-hospital system serving the residents of Vermont and northern New York. Roszkowski brings 11 years of experience in communications and computer information security to her position from the U.S. Army. She has worked in healthcare since leaving active duty in 2011. Roszkowski holds Bachelor of Science degrees in Computer Information Systems and Business Management, and a Master of Science in Computer Information Security from Norwich University. In addition to faculty and staff trainings, Norwich University is also offering contests for the Norwich community that will test cyber-knowledge and provide information on cyber-safety and other ways to exercise caution and discretion when using technology. Challenges and quizzes will be offered every Wednesday in October; students will staff a cybersecurity table at the dining hall to answer questions; and there will be various other presentations in classrooms throughout the month. Return to top Post new comment Your name: E-mail: The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly. Homepage: Comment: * By submitting this form, you accept the Mollom privacy policy. Browse Archives   Newspaper web site content management software and services
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Buy Now Login This is how the world looks on Facebook's population maps Elusive 'Overwatch' hero Sombra is now available to everyone Engadget presents the Best of CES 2017! Latest in Gear Google expands mission to make automated translations suck less 3h ago View Google Fiber TV app recommends live shows 5h ago View Lucid Motors' super-secret car makes an appearance 7h ago View BMW expands its ReachNow car-share service to Brooklyn 8h ago View Image credit: save Save share ASUS ZenBook 3 review: A powerful MacBook competitor with issues When looks trump usability. Devindra Hardawar , @devindra 10.05.16 in Personal Computing Comments 998 Shares Share Tweet Share Save ZenBook 3 Get more info More 76 Scores Engadget 76   Critic Not yet scored   Users 1 Reviews Not yet scored   Key Specs Type  Ultraportable Bundled OS  Windows System RAM  4 GB Maximum battery life  Up to9 hour Pointing device  Trackpad From $749.00 Buy Now Apple's tiny MacBook was a revelation when it debuted last year. It was thinner and lighter than most ultraportables on the market, and its refined design brought over some cues from Apple's mobile hardware. So it was only a matter of time before a PC maker took a swing at a similar design. Enter the ASUS ZenBook 3, a minuscule machine that promises to be just as portable as the MacBook while packing in much faster hardware. But while ASUS has proved it can sell powerful machines for far less than the competition, it's less experienced when it comes to delivering truly premium hardware. The ZenBook 3, while attractive on the surface, is a reminder that ASUS still has a lot to learn. Gallery: ASUS ZenBook 3 review | 10 Photos 10 +6 Engadget Score Poor Uninspiring Good Excellent Key ASUS ZenBook 3 from $749+ Buy Now 76 Pros Thin and light design comparable to the MacBook As fast as other high-end ultraportables Vibrant screen Comes with a mini-dock for extra ports Cons Keyboard and trackpad are difficult to use Fingerprint sensor placement makes no sense Build quality is suspect Summary The ZenBook 3 does a decent job of mimicking the MacBook's design while also cramming in faster hardware. But the combination of a hard-to-use keyboard and trackpad, along with build quality concerns, make it difficult to recommend. Hardware At first glance, the Zenbook 3 screams luxury. Its aluminum alloy case is smooth and sleek, and it measures an impressive 11.9mm at its thickest point. I particularly liked the deep shade of blue and the gold accents, which are classy in a subtle way. ASUS's ZenBook line is unquestionably "Apple-inspired," with an emphasis on thin profiles and all-metal cases. But the ZenBook 3's design in particular looks like a mixture of the MacBook and the 11-inch MacBook Air, right down to the small notch below the trackpad and the look of the speakers above the keyboard. That's one way to evoke a premium feel, I guess. But it would have been nice to see some actual innovation, as with HP's sexy new Spectre. With a 12.5-inch display, ASUS managed to outdo the MacBook by half an inch. But Apple's laptop boasts a higher-resolution 2,304 x 1,440 display, as compared with 1080p on the ZenBook. At least it's a good-looking display, though; it's bright enough for outdoor use, while colors appear vibrant and mostly accurate. Though it's not a touchscreen display (that's to be expected with such a thin laptop), ASUS covered it in Gorilla Glass 4 for extra protection. After testing out plenty of touchscreen Windows laptops over the past few years, though, I'm surprised by how much I missed that feature here. While the two-pound ZenBook 3 feels light and sturdy at first, it wasn't long before I started noticing flaws. Applying a bit of pressure around the laptop's keyboard leads to some seriously disturbing creaking noises, as if the seams around the bottom of the case are rubbing against each other. It's not something you might ever do to your laptop, but this also doesn't bode well for long-term durability. If a bit of force from my hands can disturb the case's integrity, how can I ever trust it in a book bag with other heavy items? Then there's the keyboard and trackpad, which present a different set of issues. The ZenBook 3's buttons have more travel than those on the relatively flat MacBook, but the feedback you get when pressing them is mushy and insubstantial. Perhaps it's just because I'm a heavy typer, but I was never able to get into a decent typing flow. While I eventually got used to the wonky feedback, I still get more typos with this machine compared with every other laptop keyboard I've tested recently. Honestly, even though the MacBook's keyboard isn't ideal either, I still prefer it to the ZenBook 3's. The trackpad, while large and relatively smooth, is a chore to use. It requires a lot of pressure to register clicks, which isn't great when you're trying to balance an ultralight notebook on your lap. It would often get confused with left and right clicks, and on several occasions I had to press down multiple times for it to register anything. Tapping the trackpad to select things isn't great either, as it often moves the pointer off your target. And for some reason, ASUS thought it was a good idea to put its fingerprint sensor right on the trackpad. That effectively renders the top-right portion of the trackpad a dead zone most of the time. At least the fingerprint sensor works well; it usually gets me to the desktop in less than a second. On several occasions, I received warnings about Windows Hello being disabled because of too many fingerprint login attempts, even after I was just waking it up from sleep mode. I'm not sure why those errors occurred, but it makes me think that Windows Hello is somehow trying to identify fingerprints even when the ZenBook's lid is shut. (And that could be tied to the flexing issue as well.) You might have noticed one other nod to the MacBook: The ZenBook 3's only ports are a single USB-C socket and a 3.5mm headphone jack. At least ASUS was kind enough to bundle in a USB-C mini-dock, which includes an HDMI port, a traditional USB connection and another USB-C socket. Unfortunately, you can use the dock's USB-C port only for charging, which will make life difficult if you want to connect a USB-C device and an external monitor at the same time. Performance and battery life PCMark 7 PCMark 8 (Creative Accelerated) 3DMark 11 3DMark (Sky Diver) ATTO (top reads/writes) ASUS ZenBook 3 (2.7GHz Intel Core-i7-7500U, Intel HD 620) 5,448 3,911 E2,791 / P1,560 3,013 1.67 GB/s / 1.44 GB/s HP Spectre 13 (2.5GHz Intel Core i7-6500U, Intel HD 520) 5,046 3,747 E2,790 / P1,630 / X375 3,810 1.61 GB/s / 307 MB/s Huawei MateBook (1.1 GHz Core M3, Intel HD 515) 3,592 2,867 E1,490 / P887 2,454 538 MB/s / 268 MB/s Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet (1.2 GHz Core M7-6Y75, Intel HD 515) 4,951 3,433 E1,866 / P1,112 2,462 545 MB/s / 298 MB/s Dell XPS 13 (2.3GHz Core i5-6200U, Intel Graphics 520) 4,954 3,499 E2,610 / P1,531 3,335 1.6GB/s / 307 MB/s Razer Blade Stealth (2.5GHz Intel Core i7-6500U, Intel HD 520) 5,131 3,445 E2,788 / P1,599 / X426 3,442 1.5 GB/s / 307 MB/s Microsoft Surface Pro 4 (2.4GHz Core i5-6300U, Intel HD 520) 5,403 3,602 E2,697/ P1,556/ X422 3,614 1.6 GB/s / 529 MB/s Lenovo Yoga 900 (2.5GHz Core i7-6500U, Intel HD 520) 5,368 3,448 E2,707 / P1,581 3,161 556 MB/s / 511 MB/s What's truly impressive about the ZenBook 3 is that ASUS has managed to fit in seventh-generation Intel Core processors and gobs of memory in such a tiny case. Our review unit came with a Core i7-7500U, which offers speeds between 2.7GHz and 2.9GHz, and 16GB of LPDDR3 RAM clocked at 2,133MHz. ASUS says it worked with Intel to achieve that memory speed, which is faster than any other ultraportable on the market. It even exceeds the maximum 1,866MHz RAM speeds Intel officially supports for its latest chips. The MacBook, on the other hand, is still stuck with slow Core m3 and m5 CPUs and a maximum of 8GB of RAM. Apple might refresh it soon, now that the seventh-gen Intel CPUs are available, but for the time being, ASUS wins the spec battle. The ZenBook 3 felt just as zippy as other high-end ultraportables. It didn't skip a beat during my typical workflow, which involves having several browsers open with dozens of tabs each, plus Slack, Spotify and Photoshop. And thanks to the video-decoding capabilities in Intel's new processors, the CPU usage managed to stay below 20 percent when I streamed 4K video from YouTube. Basically, you're not sacrificing any performance here. Battery life ASUS ZenBook 3 9:45 Surface Book (Core i5, integrated graphics) 13:54 / 3:20 (tablet only) HP Spectre x360 (13-inch, 2015) 11:34 Surface Book (Core i7, discrete graphics) 11:31 / 3:02 (tablet only) Apple MacBook Pro with Retina display (13-inch, 2015) 11:23 iPad Pro (12.9-inch, 2015) 10:47 HP Spectre x360 15t 10:17 Chromebook Pixel (2015) 10:01 Lenovo Yoga 900 9:36 Apple MacBook (2016) 8:45 Samsung Notebook 9 8:16 Dell XPS 13 (2015) 7:36 Microsoft Surface Pro 4 7:15 HP Spectre 13 7:07 Huawei MateBook 6:35 Razer Blade Stealth 5:48 Dell XPS 15 (2016) 5:25 (7:40 with the mobile charger) When it comes to real-world battery life, the ZenBook 3 also outshines some recent ultraportables I've seen, like the Huawei MateBook and the Lenovo X1 Yoga with OLED. It typically lasted an entire workday, and sometimes it even had juice left over by the time I got home. In our typical battery test, which involves looping an HD video until the power dies, it lasted around nine hours and 45 minutes. Given that Intel is stressing video decoding with its new chips, though, that figure might not be directly comparable to other ultraportables. I'll be testing the ZenBook 3 with other battery benchmarks soon and will report back with the results. Configuration options and the competition You have two choices with the ZenBook: the $1,099 model with a Core i5-7200U processor, 8GB of RAM and 256GB of storage; or the more powerful $1,599 version with a Core i7-7500U chip, 16GB of RAM and a 512GB SSD. The latter model was the one I tested, so keep that in mind if you're hoping to achieve the kind of performance reflected in our benchmarks. Apple's MacBook, which is really the only direct competitor, starts at $1,299, with a significantly slower Core M3 CPU, 8GB of RAM and a 256GB SSD. Bumping up to $1,599 gets you a Core M5 and more storage, but you'll still be stuck with 8GB of RAM. If you can live with something slightly heavier, then you've got a wealth of ultraportable options to choose from, including HP's revamped Spectre 13 (2.45 pounds), the fantastic Dell XPS 13 (2.6 pounds), and even Microsoft's Surface Pro 4. All of those machines will likely get upgraded soon with Intel's seventh-gen CPUs, so it might be worth waiting a bit (or snap up one of last year's models if they're on sale). Wrap-up Ultimately, with the ZenBook 3, ASUS did what it does best: pack in plenty of powerful hardware for a cheaper price than the competition. But the company's inexperience at crafting truly high-end machines shows, with some truly worrying durability and usability issues. I give ASUS credit for building such a thin and powerful device, but what does that matter if the keyboard and trackpad are a pain to use? ASUS ZenBook 3 from $749+ Buy Now 76 In this article: asus, gadgetry, gadgets, gear, MacBook, personal computing, personalcomputing, review, ultraportables, ZenBook, ZenBook3 By Devindra Hardawar @devindra Devindra has been obsessed with technology for as long as he can remember -- starting with the first time he ever glimpsed an NES. He spent several years fixing other people's computers before he started down the treacherous path of writing about technology. Mission accomplished? 998 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 50m 50m ago in Internet Twitter bans multiple 'alt-right' accounts It didn't take long for those new counter-abuse tools to get a workout. By T. Seppala,  50m ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in AV Twitch chases YouTube with improved upload options The Uploads beta now has support for more video codecs, while longer tags make finding videos easier. By S. Buckley,  2h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Internet Google expands mission to make automated translations suck less Neural Machine Translation is now used to decipher English, German and Japanese and a few others. By T. Seppala,  3h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in AV Sony suspends player who found a sex organ in 'Watch Dogs 2' Ubisoft is tweaking the character model, but it's a little too late. By J. Fingas,  4h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Internet This is how the world looks on Facebook's population maps The social network is mapping rural regions across the globe in an effort to bring communication technologies to disconnected areas. By J. Conditt,  4h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Buy Now Login This is how the world looks on Facebook's population maps Elusive 'Overwatch' hero Sombra is now available to everyone Engadget presents the Best of CES 2017! Latest in Gear Google expands mission to make automated translations suck less 3h ago View Google Fiber TV app recommends live shows 5h ago View Lucid Motors' super-secret car makes an appearance 7h ago View BMW expands its ReachNow car-share service to Brooklyn 8h ago View Image credit: save Save share ASUS ZenBook 3 review: A powerful MacBook competitor with issues When looks trump usability. Devindra Hardawar , @devindra 10.05.16 in Personal Computing Comments 998 Shares Share Tweet Share Save ZenBook 3 Get more info More 76 Scores Engadget 76   Critic Not yet scored   Users 1 Reviews Not yet scored   Key Specs Type  Ultraportable Bundled OS  Windows System RAM  4 GB Maximum battery life  Up to9 hour Pointing device  Trackpad From $749.00 Buy Now Apple's tiny MacBook was a revelation when it debuted last year. It was thinner and lighter than most ultraportables on the market, and its refined design brought over some cues from Apple's mobile hardware. So it was only a matter of time before a PC maker took a swing at a similar design. Enter the ASUS ZenBook 3, a minuscule machine that promises to be just as portable as the MacBook while packing in much faster hardware. But while ASUS has proved it can sell powerful machines for far less than the competition, it's less experienced when it comes to delivering truly premium hardware. The ZenBook 3, while attractive on the surface, is a reminder that ASUS still has a lot to learn. Gallery: ASUS ZenBook 3 review | 10 Photos 10 +6 Engadget Score Poor Uninspiring Good Excellent Key ASUS ZenBook 3 from $749+ Buy Now 76 Pros Thin and light design comparable to the MacBook As fast as other high-end ultraportables Vibrant screen Comes with a mini-dock for extra ports Cons Keyboard and trackpad are difficult to use Fingerprint sensor placement makes no sense Build quality is suspect Summary The ZenBook 3 does a decent job of mimicking the MacBook's design while also cramming in faster hardware. But the combination of a hard-to-use keyboard and trackpad, along with build quality concerns, make it difficult to recommend. Hardware At first glance, the Zenbook 3 screams luxury. Its aluminum alloy case is smooth and sleek, and it measures an impressive 11.9mm at its thickest point. I particularly liked the deep shade of blue and the gold accents, which are classy in a subtle way. ASUS's ZenBook line is unquestionably "Apple-inspired," with an emphasis on thin profiles and all-metal cases. But the ZenBook 3's design in particular looks like a mixture of the MacBook and the 11-inch MacBook Air, right down to the small notch below the trackpad and the look of the speakers above the keyboard. That's one way to evoke a premium feel, I guess. But it would have been nice to see some actual innovation, as with HP's sexy new Spectre. With a 12.5-inch display, ASUS managed to outdo the MacBook by half an inch. But Apple's laptop boasts a higher-resolution 2,304 x 1,440 display, as compared with 1080p on the ZenBook. At least it's a good-looking display, though; it's bright enough for outdoor use, while colors appear vibrant and mostly accurate. Though it's not a touchscreen display (that's to be expected with such a thin laptop), ASUS covered it in Gorilla Glass 4 for extra protection. After testing out plenty of touchscreen Windows laptops over the past few years, though, I'm surprised by how much I missed that feature here. While the two-pound ZenBook 3 feels light and sturdy at first, it wasn't long before I started noticing flaws. Applying a bit of pressure around the laptop's keyboard leads to some seriously disturbing creaking noises, as if the seams around the bottom of the case are rubbing against each other. It's not something you might ever do to your laptop, but this also doesn't bode well for long-term durability. If a bit of force from my hands can disturb the case's integrity, how can I ever trust it in a book bag with other heavy items? Then there's the keyboard and trackpad, which present a different set of issues. The ZenBook 3's buttons have more travel than those on the relatively flat MacBook, but the feedback you get when pressing them is mushy and insubstantial. Perhaps it's just because I'm a heavy typer, but I was never able to get into a decent typing flow. While I eventually got used to the wonky feedback, I still get more typos with this machine compared with every other laptop keyboard I've tested recently. Honestly, even though the MacBook's keyboard isn't ideal either, I still prefer it to the ZenBook 3's. The trackpad, while large and relatively smooth, is a chore to use. It requires a lot of pressure to register clicks, which isn't great when you're trying to balance an ultralight notebook on your lap. It would often get confused with left and right clicks, and on several occasions I had to press down multiple times for it to register anything. Tapping the trackpad to select things isn't great either, as it often moves the pointer off your target. And for some reason, ASUS thought it was a good idea to put its fingerprint sensor right on the trackpad. That effectively renders the top-right portion of the trackpad a dead zone most of the time. At least the fingerprint sensor works well; it usually gets me to the desktop in less than a second. On several occasions, I received warnings about Windows Hello being disabled because of too many fingerprint login attempts, even after I was just waking it up from sleep mode. I'm not sure why those errors occurred, but it makes me think that Windows Hello is somehow trying to identify fingerprints even when the ZenBook's lid is shut. (And that could be tied to the flexing issue as well.) You might have noticed one other nod to the MacBook: The ZenBook 3's only ports are a single USB-C socket and a 3.5mm headphone jack. At least ASUS was kind enough to bundle in a USB-C mini-dock, which includes an HDMI port, a traditional USB connection and another USB-C socket. Unfortunately, you can use the dock's USB-C port only for charging, which will make life difficult if you want to connect a USB-C device and an external monitor at the same time. Performance and battery life PCMark 7 PCMark 8 (Creative Accelerated) 3DMark 11 3DMark (Sky Diver) ATTO (top reads/writes) ASUS ZenBook 3 (2.7GHz Intel Core-i7-7500U, Intel HD 620) 5,448 3,911 E2,791 / P1,560 3,013 1.67 GB/s / 1.44 GB/s HP Spectre 13 (2.5GHz Intel Core i7-6500U, Intel HD 520) 5,046 3,747 E2,790 / P1,630 / X375 3,810 1.61 GB/s / 307 MB/s Huawei MateBook (1.1 GHz Core M3, Intel HD 515) 3,592 2,867 E1,490 / P887 2,454 538 MB/s / 268 MB/s Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet (1.2 GHz Core M7-6Y75, Intel HD 515) 4,951 3,433 E1,866 / P1,112 2,462 545 MB/s / 298 MB/s Dell XPS 13 (2.3GHz Core i5-6200U, Intel Graphics 520) 4,954 3,499 E2,610 / P1,531 3,335 1.6GB/s / 307 MB/s Razer Blade Stealth (2.5GHz Intel Core i7-6500U, Intel HD 520) 5,131 3,445 E2,788 / P1,599 / X426 3,442 1.5 GB/s / 307 MB/s Microsoft Surface Pro 4 (2.4GHz Core i5-6300U, Intel HD 520) 5,403 3,602 E2,697/ P1,556/ X422 3,614 1.6 GB/s / 529 MB/s Lenovo Yoga 900 (2.5GHz Core i7-6500U, Intel HD 520) 5,368 3,448 E2,707 / P1,581 3,161 556 MB/s / 511 MB/s What's truly impressive about the ZenBook 3 is that ASUS has managed to fit in seventh-generation Intel Core processors and gobs of memory in such a tiny case. Our review unit came with a Core i7-7500U, which offers speeds between 2.7GHz and 2.9GHz, and 16GB of LPDDR3 RAM clocked at 2,133MHz. ASUS says it worked with Intel to achieve that memory speed, which is faster than any other ultraportable on the market. It even exceeds the maximum 1,866MHz RAM speeds Intel officially supports for its latest chips. The MacBook, on the other hand, is still stuck with slow Core m3 and m5 CPUs and a maximum of 8GB of RAM. Apple might refresh it soon, now that the seventh-gen Intel CPUs are available, but for the time being, ASUS wins the spec battle. The ZenBook 3 felt just as zippy as other high-end ultraportables. It didn't skip a beat during my typical workflow, which involves having several browsers open with dozens of tabs each, plus Slack, Spotify and Photoshop. And thanks to the video-decoding capabilities in Intel's new processors, the CPU usage managed to stay below 20 percent when I streamed 4K video from YouTube. Basically, you're not sacrificing any performance here. Battery life ASUS ZenBook 3 9:45 Surface Book (Core i5, integrated graphics) 13:54 / 3:20 (tablet only) HP Spectre x360 (13-inch, 2015) 11:34 Surface Book (Core i7, discrete graphics) 11:31 / 3:02 (tablet only) Apple MacBook Pro with Retina display (13-inch, 2015) 11:23 iPad Pro (12.9-inch, 2015) 10:47 HP Spectre x360 15t 10:17 Chromebook Pixel (2015) 10:01 Lenovo Yoga 900 9:36 Apple MacBook (2016) 8:45 Samsung Notebook 9 8:16 Dell XPS 13 (2015) 7:36 Microsoft Surface Pro 4 7:15 HP Spectre 13 7:07 Huawei MateBook 6:35 Razer Blade Stealth 5:48 Dell XPS 15 (2016) 5:25 (7:40 with the mobile charger) When it comes to real-world battery life, the ZenBook 3 also outshines some recent ultraportables I've seen, like the Huawei MateBook and the Lenovo X1 Yoga with OLED. It typically lasted an entire workday, and sometimes it even had juice left over by the time I got home. In our typical battery test, which involves looping an HD video until the power dies, it lasted around nine hours and 45 minutes. Given that Intel is stressing video decoding with its new chips, though, that figure might not be directly comparable to other ultraportables. I'll be testing the ZenBook 3 with other battery benchmarks soon and will report back with the results. Configuration options and the competition You have two choices with the ZenBook: the $1,099 model with a Core i5-7200U processor, 8GB of RAM and 256GB of storage; or the more powerful $1,599 version with a Core i7-7500U chip, 16GB of RAM and a 512GB SSD. The latter model was the one I tested, so keep that in mind if you're hoping to achieve the kind of performance reflected in our benchmarks. Apple's MacBook, which is really the only direct competitor, starts at $1,299, with a significantly slower Core M3 CPU, 8GB of RAM and a 256GB SSD. Bumping up to $1,599 gets you a Core M5 and more storage, but you'll still be stuck with 8GB of RAM. If you can live with something slightly heavier, then you've got a wealth of ultraportable options to choose from, including HP's revamped Spectre 13 (2.45 pounds), the fantastic Dell XPS 13 (2.6 pounds), and even Microsoft's Surface Pro 4. All of those machines will likely get upgraded soon with Intel's seventh-gen CPUs, so it might be worth waiting a bit (or snap up one of last year's models if they're on sale). Wrap-up Ultimately, with the ZenBook 3, ASUS did what it does best: pack in plenty of powerful hardware for a cheaper price than the competition. But the company's inexperience at crafting truly high-end machines shows, with some truly worrying durability and usability issues. I give ASUS credit for building such a thin and powerful device, but what does that matter if the keyboard and trackpad are a pain to use? ASUS ZenBook 3 from $749+ Buy Now 76 In this article: asus, gadgetry, gadgets, gear, MacBook, personal computing, personalcomputing, review, ultraportables, ZenBook, ZenBook3 By Devindra Hardawar @devindra Devindra has been obsessed with technology for as long as he can remember -- starting with the first time he ever glimpsed an NES. He spent several years fixing other people's computers before he started down the treacherous path of writing about technology. Mission accomplished? 998 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 50m 50m ago in Internet Twitter bans multiple 'alt-right' accounts It didn't take long for those new counter-abuse tools to get a workout. By T. Seppala,  50m ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in AV Twitch chases YouTube with improved upload options The Uploads beta now has support for more video codecs, while longer tags make finding videos easier. By S. Buckley,  2h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Internet Google expands mission to make automated translations suck less Neural Machine Translation is now used to decipher English, German and Japanese and a few others. By T. Seppala,  3h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in AV Sony suspends player who found a sex organ in 'Watch Dogs 2' Ubisoft is tweaking the character model, but it's a little too late. By J. Fingas,  4h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Internet This is how the world looks on Facebook's population maps The social network is mapping rural regions across the globe in an effort to bring communication technologies to disconnected areas. By J. Conditt,  4h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
null
Visit the New Forum X Facebook Icon Twitter Icon google-plus-icon-logo YouTube Icon RSS Icon Search Icon Search for: HOT PS4 PS VR PSN PS Vita Reviews Videos Forums PSLS  •  News  •  PS4 News, Trophies, Reviews, and More Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare & Modern Warfare Remastered Need 130GB of Space on PS4 (Update) October 5, 2016 Written by Jason Dunning Update: Activision has updated their official FAQ to reveal that the 130GB estimate is on the high end and includes any day one updates and the additional Modern Warfare Remastered maps: The estimated storage space required for Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare and Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered (Legacy, Digital Deluxe, or Legacy Pro) is a combined 130 GB. This is a high-end estimate, which includes both games, any Day 1 updates, as well as the additional Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered multiplayer maps to be released before Dec. 31, 2016. Original Story: Discovered by Charlie Intel, French retailer Micromania is giving out empty Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Legacy Edition boxes along with the Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered Campaign early access codes. According to the back of the box, the Legacy Edition, which comes with a physical version of Infinite Warfare and digital version of Modern Warfare Remastered, requires a minimum of 130GB of free space. So far, we know the MWR Campaign early access is a 40GB download, which could also be the size of the full game. If it is, that means Infinite Warfare takes up 90GB on its own. Of course, it’s possible the PS4 Pro support and PlayStation VR mission take up a good chunk of that space, and the files for the additional Modern Warfare Remastered maps (Bloc, Countdown, Pipeline, Showdown, Strike, Wet Work) coming in December may also be included in the 130GB estimate. If you pre-ordered one of the Infinite Warfare special editions, the MWR Campaign early access is now live on the PlayStation Store. As Activision explains, after November 3 you’ll have to install the full version of MWR to keep playing: The early access period will end on November 3rd. On launch day, you must install the full version of Modern Warfare Remastered that is included with the Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Legacy Edition, Legacy Pro Edition, Digital Legacy Edition or Digital Deluxe Edition. Please note: Any progress made in the Campaign during the early access period will carry over to the launch version. This means you can continue the Campaign where you left off, or you may choose to restart from the beginning. Activision has also confirmed that physical buyers of one of the Infinite Warfare special editions must have the game disc inserted in order to play Modern Warfare Remastered. Infinite Warfare and Modern Warfare Remastered release on November 4 for PS4, Xbox One, and PC. The Closed Beta begins on October 14 for PS4 players who pre-ordered. [Source: Activision Support (1), (2), Charlie Intel] SHARE TWEET Tags: Activision, Call of Duty, Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered, Infinity Ward, Raven Software Skyrim & Fallout 4 PS4 Mod Support Is Happening, Bethesda Confirms Monster Jam: Crush It! Launches on October 25 for PS4 & Xbox One Check Out More Coverage of Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare! Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Multiplayer Impressions – Rigged to Kill Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Multiplayer Interview – Quickscoping Futuristic Warfare Top 5 Things Wrong in the Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Beta That Need to Be Fixed Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Multiplayer Overview Video Shows Gameplay, Combat Rigs Features PSLS Originals Reviews Videos PS4 PS VR Staff Review Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use GameRevolution AdChoices PlayStationLifeStyle.net is a property of CraveOnline Media, LLC, an Evolve Media, LLC company. ©2016 All Rights Reserved. monitoring_string = "e648000e5cd42cece065ea6b2f880692"
▲ top Features Calendar Local Global Other Home About Contact Newsletter Calendar Publish Donate Regions north coast central valley north bay east bay south bay san francisco peninsula santa cruz california us international Topics animal lib anti-war arts + action drug war education en español environment global justice government health/housing immigrant media activism labor lgbti / queer police state racial justice womyn International americas haiti iraq palestine afghanistan More make media get involved photo gallery feature archives fault lines links Donate Help support grassroots independent media. $36.00 donated in past month IMC Network From the Open-Publishing Calendar From the Open-Publishing Newswire Indybay FeatureRelated Categories: Santa Cruz Indymedia | Anti-War HIDDEN The following post may have been a test post, a duplicate, or could have been hidden if it violated this site's Points of Unity. If you think this item should not have been hidden, first make sure it wasn't posted twice and you were just unable to find the other copy of the post. If that was not the case, you can contact the editorial collective by e-mailing indybay@lists.riseup.net. SLAM A TACK ON YO NOSE WES MODES LEAKIN TURDS U.C.S.C by HITLERSON WARMACHT Wednesday Oct 5th, 2016 11:47 AM PISSY EDITOR'S FINGERS U.S.C. INDY BAY SHIT WADS SIMPLE MORONS STICK A I.C. CHIP IN YO ASS THIS GO ALL OVER THE WORLD SHIT BOX BRAINS !~ © 2000–2016 San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center. Unless otherwise stated by the author, all content is free for non-commercial reuse, reprint, and rebroadcast, on the net and elsewhere. Opinions are those of the contributors and are not necessarily endorsed by the SF Bay Area IMC. Disclaimer | Copyright Policy | Privacy | Contact | Source Code
null
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Wacom MobileStudio Pro tablets can scan your Starbucks cup by Bruno Ferreira  12:09 PM on October 5, 2016 Greetings, artistic-minded gerbils everywhere. We have some goodies for you today, courtesy of Wacom. The digital art gear company is proudly showing off the MobileStudio Pro, the successor to its Cintiq lineup of art-oriented tablet PCs. Besides some nifty specs, the machines can be configured with an Intel RealSense R200 3D camera for  scanning purposes. The MobileStudio Pro comes in 13" and 16" sizes. The 13" model has a 2560x1440 IPS screen capable of reproducing 96% of the Adobe RGB color space. The machine is powered by Skylake Core i5 or Core i7 CPUs and 4GB to 16GB of RAM. Storage comes by way of SSDs ranging from 64GB to 512GB. An SDXC card slot allows for further expansion, while three USB Type-C ports provide peripheral connectivity. Wacom says the MobileStudio Pro 13's 52-Wh battery should be good for 6 hours of work. The most powerful model in this range comes with an Intel RealSense R200 3D camera—just the ticket for object-scanning goodness. The bigger MobileStudio Pro 16 is similar to its smaller brother—only bigger and better. The screen on this unit offers a 3840x2160 resolution and should cover 94% of the Adobe RGB color space. Buyers get two choices for this model. The first option packs a Core i5 CPU along with a Nvidia Quadro M600M graphics card, 8GB of RAM, and a 256GB SSD. The spiffier model gets a Core i7 CPU, a Nvidia M1000M card, 16GB of RAM, and a 512GB SSD. The higher-end version also includes a RealSense R200 3D camera, too. Wacom designed a new stylus to go with the tablets. The Wacom Pro Pen 2 can get pretty touchy-feely with its 8192 levels of pressure and 60° tilt detection. The company says the new pen is four times more accurate than the previous model, too, and has "virtually no lag" and no parallax deviation. The stylus needs no batteries or charging. We should note that the MobileStudio Pro only offers video output through its USB Type-C ports. The optional Wacom Link dock offers DisplayPort and USB connectors. The dock also allows users to plug the MobileStudio Pro into another computer and use it as a simple drawing tablet. Prices for the MobileStudio Pro 13" start at $1,499 for a model with a Core i5 CPU, 4GB of RAM, and a 64GB SSD. A sum of $1,799 gets you an upgrade to 8GB of RAM and a 128GB SSD. There are two Core i7-equipped models on tap: one with 8GB of RAM and 256GB of storage at $1,999, and a high-end model with 16GB of RAM, a 512GB SSD, and a RealSense R200 camera. Meanwhile, the base MobileStudio Pro 16 model goes for $2,399. The version packing the RealSense camera, 16GB of RAM, 512GB SSD, and a Quadro M1000M goes for $2,999. Aspiring artists can get their hands on these goods in late November. Tags: Graphics Input devices Workstations Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Tech Gadgets Now you can buy Oakley sunglasses that talk to you by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Oct 5, 2016, 1:02pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Oakley and Intel’s Radar Pace training sunglasses, which were introduced at CES last year, are now available to buy. The sunglasses come with built-in earbuds that allow the sunglasses to respond to voice commands. You can ask how far you’ve traveled and your pace, and your voice assistant "coach" will respond along with encouragement to keep going. The sunglasses are also outfitted with a bunch of sensors, including an accelerometer and gyroscope. They can also apparently detect pressure, humidity, and proximity. The gradient on the sunglasses’ lens is called "Prizm Road." I enjoy it. It reminds me of Word art or PowerPoint slides. The sunglasses pair with your phone through Bluetooth and can be controlled through the Radar Pace’s companion Android / iOS app. If you don’t feel like using voice controls or the app, there’s also a touch pad on the sunglasses where you can skip songs, take phone calls, and adjust the volume. Will we all wear talking gradients on our faces in the future? The Radar Pace costs $449. Source: Oakley Next Up In Circuit Breaker You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week Seagate’s new 5TB drive is the largest portable hard drive ever This dock adds ports to your new MacBook by making it a much thicker MacBook Google’s new Wifi mesh routers are now available for preorder Apple is reportedly releasing two versions of its 5.5-inch iPhone next year Netgear's battery-powered security camera now has LTE Now Trending Google PhotoScan turns your prints into high-quality digital images The OnePlus 3T is a souped-up version of the OnePlus 3 This Article has a component height of 2. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Apple Tech Apple Music will stream 808 drum machine documentary first by Rich McCormick Apple has negotiated a deal with the creators of 808 — a documentary about the seminal Roland TR-808 drum machine — for exclusive streaming rights through Apple Music. The documentary will appear on Apple’s music service first, on December 9th,... Tech Facebook Now you can use Facebook Messenger in Android Auto by Rich McCormick Facebook Messenger can now integrate with Android Auto, the social network announced today, allowing users of the infotainment platform to hear and reply to messages from friends while driving their cars. In order to use the new feature, you’ll... New, 3 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week by Nick Statt@nickstatt It may be nigh impossible to purchase Nintendo’s NES Classic Edition console right this very second, with stock shortages and sell outs at Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop and many other retailers. But have hope. Once a day, for a few minutes before... New, 7 comments TL;DR Apple Web Apple’s peach emoji is back to looking like a butt by Megan Farokhmanesh@Megan_Nicolett The nerfed peach butt emoji included as part of Apple’s iOS 10.2 update is gone. As spotted today by The Next Web, the third 10.2 developer beta returns the fruit to its curvaceous glory. The peach emoji is, of course, a go-to for anyone who... Google Tech Google CEO says fake news is a problem and should not be distributed by Colin Lecher In an interview with the BBC, Google CEO Sundar Pichai made his first comments on the post-election fake news controversy, and admitted the company has made some mistakes. “We will definitely work to fix it.” "It is important to remember that we... Apps Mobile Business Snapchat just filed for its IPO by Nick Statt@nickstatt Snap Inc., the parent company of Snapchat, has filed confidentially for its initial public offering, according to a report from Bloomberg. The company is seeking to raise as much as $4 billion, which would give it a valuation of between $25... New, 13 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share

Channels Security Executives Dealers Integrators Video Surveillance Access & Identity Intrusion/ Perimeter Alarms & Monitoring Buyer's Guide Go Menu Channels Security Executives Dealers Integrators Video Surveillance Access & Identity Intrusion/Perimeter Alarms & Monitoring Buyer's Guide Additional Resources Forums Government Critical Infrastructure Retail Education Healthcare IT/Networking Security Technology Executive Security Dealer & Integrator Events Multimedia Whitepapers Webinars ASIS ISC West SD&I FAST50 Innovation Awards User Log Out Register Log In Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Tools Contact Us Advertise IT/Networking The 10 most dangerous celebrity internet searches Oct 5, 2016 Source: Intel Security and McAfee Intel Security and McAfee's annual "Top 10 Most Dangerous Celebrities" list for internet searches is topped by Amy Schumer in 2016. Photo credit: Graphic: Intel Security | Share | Share | Share | Share Female comedian superstar Amy Schumer is the most dangerous celebrity to search for online, according this year's "McAfee Most Dangerous Celebrities" study, published by Intel Security. While employers hope their employees are not searching for entertainment at work, security and IT directors must be aware of this data and communicate it to organizations, as many search results leads to malicious websites that could expose users to viruses and malware. Savvy cybercriminals continue to leverage consumers’ ongoing fascination with celebrity news – such as award and TV shows as well as movie premieres, album releases, celebrity breakups and more – to entice unsuspecting fans to visit sites loaded with malware that can steal passwords and personal information. The study highlights various ways hackers can take advantage of employees' interest around pop culture news, the risks of their online behavior and how to best protect themselves from potential threats. “Consumers today remain fascinated with celebrity culture and go online to find the latest pop culture news,” Intel Security's Gary Davis said in a statement. “With this craving for real-time information, many search and click without considering potential security risks. Cybercriminals know this and take advantage of this behavior by attempting to lead them to unsafe sites loaded with malware." Schumer is followed on the list by Justin Bieber and Carson Daly. A search for ‘Amy Schumer Torrent’ results in a 33-percent chance of connecting to a malicious website. The report urges users to use caution when searching for “torrent,” which is by far the riskiest search term. Cybercriminals can use torrents to embed malware within authentic files making it difficult to determine if a file is safe.  The top 10 celebrities from this year’s study with the highest risk percentages include:                       Position         Celebrity         Percentage 1         Amy Schumer         16.11% 2         Justin Bieber         15.00% 3         Carson Daly         13.44% 4         Will Smith         13.44% 5         Rihanna         13.33% 6         Miley Cyrus         12.67% 7         Chris Hardwick         12.56% 8         Daniel Tosh         11.56% 9         Selena Gomez         11.11% 10         Kesha         11.11%                       To learn more about the study, visit https://blogs.mcafee.com/consumer/most-dangerous-celebrities-2016. Continue Reading   IT/Networking IT/Networking The 10 most dangerous celebrity internet searches Video Surveillance Why surveillance cameras are a favorite of IoT botnets IT/Networking Yahoo admits knowing about hack long before disclosing it IT/Networking Cloud Security Roles Integrators Legal Watch: Cyber Vulnerability Means Increased Liability IT/Networking Michigan approves tougher penalties for tampering with autonomous vehicles IT/Networking The top 5 applications you should blacklist IT/Networking Hackers steal money from 20K customers at British bank IT/Networking Senator wants FTC to more heavily scrutinize the security of IoT devices Security Executives Hacking the vote IT/Networking Microsoft says group tied to Russian hackers exploits Windows flaw Loading Security Executives Dealers Integrators Video Surveillance Access & Identity Intrusion/ Perimeter Alarms & Monitoring Buyer's Guide Log Out Register Log In Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Advertise Sitemap  
Jobs Cars Property Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Belfast Newsletter Search More Close ] News Your Say Politics Crime Farming Education Business Transport Environment Health Opinion Offbeat Celebs NI UK News Politics Crime Farming Education Business Transport Environment Health Opinion Offbeat Celebs Northern Ireland United Kingdom Sport Football Rugby Union Cricket Golf Motorcycling Boxing More Sport National Sport What's On Music Theatre & Comedy Arts TV & Film Eating Out Lifestyle Nostalgia People Family Gadgets & Tech Outdoors Travel Israel’s technological expertise does not exempt it from criticism over human rights 14:41 Wednesday 05 October 2016 2 Have your say I took serious issue with a number of points in your article (Israeli boycott: Are councillors prepared to give up their iPads, October 4). A typical response to those who dare to criticise Israel is to use smear tactics, labelling proponents of the Palestinian-led Boycott Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) campaign hypocrites for continuing to use Israeli-designed technology. Unfortunately for anti-Palestinian fanatics, such as the DUP’s Gary Middleton, this narrative of demanding boycotters to give up their iPads or Intel processing chips just doesn’t hold up to scrutiny - especially once we unpack and explore this matter in some detail. The BDS campaign’s website makes clear that it [BDS] is “a strategy for effective solidarity and not a dogma or ideology.” In fact, there are clear guidelines provided by Palestinians on how international activists, politicians and policy makers can ensure the BDS movement is impactful in the right areas. One of their most widely used and easily accessible resources is a section on ‘what to boycott’, which places emphasis on targeting boycotts at companies and investments that are “most deeply involved in Israel’s occupation and apartheid.” Demands being made that councillors who support BDS should ‘stop using their iPads’ or repeating the callous, ugly and ableist request for Prof. Stephen Hawking, who suffers from an acute and slowly progressing form of motor neurone disease, to rip out the intel chip which allows him to interact with the world and people around him, are nothing short of hysterical smears that rely on a puerile and repulsive notion that because Israel is a scientific and technological leader in the world today that it is automatically exempt from any criticism for its violations of international law and constant violent oppression of the Palestinian people. As Israeli activist Yossi Gurvitz put it in a 2013 article; this is “redemption through technology” and designed to make us overlook human rights violations on the basis that “Israeli technology is somehow viewed as indispensable to modern life.” Gurvitz continues by highlighting that this is a conflation between the activities of individual Israelis or Israeli companies and Israel’s political pursuits. He then cites an American blogger who noted that this minor psychosis is quite strange in many respects, not least because whenever someone criticises the United States government, it does not occur to the respondent to say “but we gave the world a whole range of Apple products!” - because in any typical argument this would be laughable. Taking actions such as a boycott campaign against a human rights violator doesn’t suddenly become invalid simply because said violator has citizens who have provided the world with technological, scientific or medicinal advances. I was also surprised that the News Letter uncritically cited Shurat HaDin without mentioning the organisations ties to both the Israeli government and Israeli spy agency Mossad. Presenting this organisation as an “Israel law centre” is not strictly accurate and doesn’t inform readers of the fact it takes instructions directly from the Israeli government. The boycott divestment and sanctions campaign is designed to be strategic and promote a sustained, long-term challenge to Israel’s regime of occupation, settler-colonialism and apartheid. BDS does NOT target individual Israeli citizens and it certainly doesn’t call for, or endorse, racism, hatred or discrimination of any kind. There isn’t as great a “practical difficulty involved in carrying out an effective boycott of Israel” as Gary Middleton and other anti-Palestinian fanatics would have us believe. It’s a case of Derry and Strabane council coming together to decide an ethical trading policy, ensuring a clear strategy is in place to identify and boycott specific companies, all whilst applying a human rights standard on procurement and investment decisions as a starting point. Supporters of human rights and justice everywhere should welcome to decision for Derry and Strabane council to back the Palestinian-led BDS campaign. Gary Spedding, Londonderry, BT48 Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Belfast Newsletter means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Belfast Newsletter You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Belfast Newsletter Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sport NI Sport Live Lifestyle What's On Farming Life More from Belfast Newsletter Announcements Bingo Buy a Photo Directory Dating Jobs Local Guide Cars Property Public Notices Useful Links Contact us Place your ads Subscribe © 2016 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Drivers Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > Drivers > Blog FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Download Drivers for Acer’s TravelMate P255 Notebook Series The files are compatible only with 64-bit Windows platforms Oct 5, 2016 13:29 GMT  ·  By Iulian Pascal  ·  Share:  Since Acer has provided all drivers required by its TravelMate P255 notebooks to run at their best and provide maximum performance, stability, and usability, we have gathered them all in a single list so that owners of these powerful products can easily set up their devices. In terms of compatibility, Acer’s TravelMate P255-M, P255-MG, P255-MP, and P255-MPG units, as well as their drivers, are suitable only for the 64-bit variant of Microsoft’s Windows 7, 8, 8.1, and 10 platforms. As for the producers providing these files, know that Intel puts on the line its Chipset, USB 3.0, and ME (Management Engine) packages, Realtek enables the full functionality of the audio components, while Synaptics and Elantech implement several Touchpad-related features. Moving forward, Intel, along with Atheros and Broadcom, also takes care of the device’s wireless capabilities (WLAN and Bluetooth), and Broadcom alone makes sure the device’s Ethernet port works fine. Moreover, Intel installs its HD Graphics build to improve the CPU’s gaming performance while AMD wakes up the dedicated video card so that owners can take details to a whole new level (however, it depends on what GPU model you have). That said, if you own such a device, download all drivers for your model using the links below, apply them, perform a reboot upon completion, and check our website as often as possible to stay up to speed with the latest releases. Download Acer TravelMate P255-M Drivers Download Acer TravelMate P255-MG Drivers Download Acer TravelMate P255-MP Drivers Download Acer TravelMate P255-MPG Drivers #TravelMate P255-M#TravelMate P255-MG#TravelMate P255-MP#TravelMate P255-MPG#Acer reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Intel Rolls Out 19.0.1607 and 19.10.1635 Bluetooth Drivers - Download Now Download Drivers for Acer’s TravelMate P248-M and TravelMate P248-MG Notebooks Download Drivers for Acer’s TravelMate P645-SG Notebook Model Download All Drivers for Acer’s TravelMate P645-MG Notebook Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year Firefox 50.0 Officially Released for Linux, Mac and Windows, Here's What's New Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall NVIDIA Makes Available GeForce Graphics Driver 375.86 - Get It Now Panasonic Rolls Out Firmware 2.6 for its DMC-GH4 Camera - Download Now ASRock Rolls Out New BIOS Update for Some of Its Motherboards Nikon Updates Firmware for Its COOLPIX A300 Camera - Get Version 1.2    Acer TravelMate P255 Series New Apps Frink: A simple to use tool that allows you to track measurement units such as feet, meters, kilograms and watts through various calculations AIO Boot: Create a bootable USB drive or HDD with Grub2 or Clover, and integrate multiple support packages, with this minimalistic utility CatLight: Keep a close eye on the status of AppVeyor, Jenkins, Team Foundation Server and Visual Studio Team Services builds with the help of this unobtrusive and useful app Battery Life Maximizer: Extend your laptop's battery life by identifying problems, such as power hungry processes and badly configured components, with this useful tool Exact Duplicate Finder: Find and delete duplicate files to free up space on the disk, filter files by type, send clones to the trash can or move them somewhere else Fotosizer Standard Edition: User-friendly and handy piece of software designed to help you resize photos to a custom size, apply several effects and convert them to a different file format using batch processing tasks Intel Remote Keyboard Host App: Seamless manage your Intel NUC or Intel Compute Stick from your mobile device over WiFi using this straightforward and intuitive tool Reader comments NVIDIA Makes Available GeForce Graphics Driver 375.86 - Get It Now more on: GeForce 375.86 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy feedback      
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site News Room SOURCE: RIFT.io October 05, 2016 08:00 ET RIFT.io Demos New, Advanced Solutions for Further Simplification and Acceleration of NFV Deployment at SDN World Congress Demos Showcase Integration of RIFT.ware With Leading VNF Solutions for Auto-Scaling, Service Onboarding & Composition, and Other Use Cases BURLINGTON, MA--(Marketwired - October 05, 2016) - RIFT.io, the provider of RIFT.ware, the first, only, and complete open-source network service virtualization (NSV) platform, will be demonstrating RIFT.ware's NFV MANO capabilities at SDN World Congress being held in The Hague next week. RIFT.io will show the integration of a variety of MANO on-boarded virtual network function (VNF) and virtual infrastructure manager (VIM) offerings from the industry's top providers such as Intel, Brocade, WindRiver, 6Wind, F5 and Metaswitch. RIFT.ware is a model-driven, ETSI-compliant NFV MANO solution that simplifies onboarding and deployment of VNFs and the composition and management of complex network services. Many elements of RIFT.ware are also integral to the Open Source MANO (OSM) project, which delivered Release One of its code this week as scheduled. RIFT.io is a founding member of OSM and its significant contributions to this open-source project as well as its on-going commercial development of RIFT.ware exemplify the SDN World Congress stated mission of "advancing the carrier vision of NFV+SDN+MANO".     EVENT: SDN & OpenFlow World Congress     DATES: Oct. 10 - 14, 2016     BOOTH: #110     Carrier-Driven Solution Demos RIFT.io is planning to showcase several real-world and commercially viable solution categories including: Auto-scaling: RIFT.ware provides an auto-scaling framework ideal for VNFs that do not readily support scale-in/scale-out capabilities. This feature enables service providers to deploy services that dynamically create new capacity to meet highly variable demand among their mobile and other service subscriber bases. Specifically, RIFT.io will demonstrate auto-scaling integration with third-party VNFs such as Sprout (virtual IMS) and HAProxy (HTTP Load Balancer). VNF Onboarding and Service Composition: RIFT.ware delivers a step-by-step roadmap for service providers, network application builders, and enterprises to virtualize, automate, and scale their VNFs to enable cloud-ready communications and services. This can being with a simple onboarding of unmodified VNFs and apps that can be evolved to add service velocity and innovation through service composition tools. At SDN World Congress, RIFT.io will demo these capabilities with solutions such as the Brocade vEPC, Intel EPA, and VNF Forwarding Graph (VNFFG) + OpenDaylight integration. Service Provider Solutions: RIFT.io is also planning to demo two of the most popular service provider solutions that RIFT.ware enables specifically virtual CPE (vCPE) and VPN as-a-Service (VPNaaS) that will create new revenue streams and new end-user services for wired, wireless, and mobile operators. Using RIFT.ware in concert with RIFT.ready partner applications, these service providers can quickly onboard multiple-vendor virtual router, IMS, and WAN acceleration VNFs, chain functions together to create a service chain, and instantiate new network services such as vCPE and VPNaaS. RIFT.io will showcase integration between RIFT.ware and the Brocade vCPE operating system to onboard Riverbed Steelhead WAN Optimization and Acceleration VNFs at simulated branch and remote office sites. For VPNaaS, RIFT.io will demonstrate integration with various VNFs from 6Wind, Brocade, F5, and Metaswitch that simulate how service providers can quickly and cost effectively deliver VPN connectivity for their enterprise and SMB customers without dedicated network appliances in points of presence or at the customer premises themselves. To get a first-hand demo of any of these solutions, please visit Booth #110 at the SDN World Congress during expo hours. To schedule a meeting with RIFT.io experts at the show, please email info@riftio.com. Additional Resources RIFT.io blog http://www.riftio.com/category/blog/ Online: Track the latest news and product information on our Web site www.riftio.com and our Intel Network Builders page, https://networkbuilders.intel.com/ecosystem/rift.io Social: Stay engaged with RIFT.io and NFV topics by following RIFT.io on Twitter @RIFT_io, Facebook. Join conversations About RIFT.io RIFT.io provides the open source standard platform for the construction and automated deployment of scalable, virtualized network services. RIFT.io technology and services empower enterprises to successfully deploy virtualized network services on private and hybrid cloud, and accelerate service providers' efforts to deploy NFV-enabled virtualized networks. Any network application built with RIFT.io technology can intelligently take advantage of any cloud's unique capabilities and operate at any scale. RIFT.io is a privately held, global company with office in the United States and India. For more information about Rift.io, visit http://riftio.com/. Follow us at @RIFT_io. Contact Information Media Contact John Noh john.noh@riftio.com 408.242.3852   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète
null
rediff.com Rediff Get Ahead News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Getahead » BEWARE! Top 10 celebs who can give you a virus BEWARE! Top 10 celebs who can give you a virus Last updated on: October 05, 2016 17:59 IST Searching for them online will only invite more trouble for you! The list of Most Dangerous Celebrities 2016 is out! Published by Intel Security, this list by McAfee (anti-virus) features American stand-up comedian Amy Schumer as No. 1 -- she is the first female comedian to take up the top spot on this list, which is in its tenth year.  What does it mean? You have to search her name with a lot of caution on the Internet. Be careful if you plan to read the review of her book The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo or download her movie Trainwreck. You might end up attracting a lot of malware.  Close on Amy's heels is singer Justin Bieber. The list also reveals other celebs you should avoid searching on Google as it might lead you to a malicious site. A word of advise: Think before you click anything related to these celebs online. 1. Amy Schumer (stand-up comedian) IMAGE: She's funny…she's sexy…she's dangerous. Presenting the funniest woman on this planet and the No 1 celebrity on the list -- Amy Schumer! From No 7 in 2015, the comedian has climbed up the ladder to being No 1 this year. What are people searching: 1. Her comedy series Inside Amy Schumer is a rage in the US and world over. 2. Her memoir The Girl With the Lower Back Tattoo released in August. 3. She's currently on a world tour. The risk: 16 per cent* Photograph: Kevin Winter/Getty Images 2. Justin Bieber (singer-songwriter) IMAGE: Baby, baby, baby...why are you on this list? The year's riskiest celebs includes chart-topping pop artist Justin Bieber. Due to all the social media attention Bieber has got this year, he quit Instagram, but he's still being searched on the internet and is attracting a lot of malware.  What are people searching: His mighty fall off the stage during his Purpose tour, his latest songs and his ex Selena Gomez's pictures being found in Brad Pitt's phone. The risk: 15 per cent* Photograph: Kind courtesy Calvin Klein advertisement 3. Carson Daly (TV host) IMAGE: Today show anchor and The Voice host Carson Daly is the third most dangerous celebrity. Cyber crooks know that fans are eager to read gossip online, and that makes celebs like Carson Daly such a potential target.  What are people searching: His talk show Last Call (on torrent or HD Download) which features interviews with high-profile celebrities.  The risk: 13.44 per cent   Photograph: Frazer Harrison/Getty Images  4. Will Smith (actor) IMAGE: Oh no! Will Smith fans will be very disappointed to hear this. So unlikely to have the tag 'most dangerous' attached to this Hollywood actor. The actor tied on the list with with Carson Daly.  What are people searching: The trailer of his latest movie Collateral Beauty and Hollywood film Suicide Squad.  The risk: 13.44 per cent Photograph: Will Smith in Enemy Of The State 5. Rihanna (singer) IMAGE: Clearly Rihanna doesn't know what's happening behind her back! The singer was No 12 in on the list in 2015. But she seems to have become more popular with hackers now. What are people searching: Her latest songs (including Sledgehammer and Desperado) and music tours.  The risk: 13.33 per cent Photograph: Christopher Polk/Getty Images for Clear Channel 6. Miley Cyrus (singer) IMAGE: Miley Cyrus is clearly the wackiest singer of the decade. She has scared off fans with her wacky outfits onstage. Now she's scaring them on the Internet too! What are people searching: Her red-carpet appearances, music tours and latest songs. She also unveiled a new song on Instagram. She broke the Internet with the news that she is returning to acting with a Woody Allen movie.  The risk: 12.67 per cent* Photograph: Jonathan Leibson/Getty Images for FIJI 7. Chris Hardwick (comedian) IMAGE: Is Chris Hardwick timing his next explosion? Oh wait! He's actually checking his comic timing. This stand-up comedian is known for being super excited about everything coming his way, and we're sure this list is not going to disappoint him! What are people searching: His show Talking Dead and @midnight with Chris Hardwick.  The risk: 12.56 per cent* Photograph: Jesse Grant/Getty Images for AMC 8. Daniel Tosh (comedian) IMAGE: Daniel Tosh seems to be the happiest with this list. Wondering why? Because this West-German American comedian has always embraced controversies, and this list is definitely going to help him sell more tickets for this next show. Maybe, it would give him an excuse to poke fun at the people at McAfee! What are people searching: His stand-up comedy shows on torrent.  The risk: 11.56 per cent* Photograph: Kind Courtesy Daniel Tosh/Instagram 9. Selena Gomez (singer) IMAGE: It's good to be a beauty with a dangerous streak, right? Earlier this year a picture of the singer (above) had garnered 4.4 million likes on Instagram, making it the most-liked Instagram pic of all time. That could well be one of the many reasons she made it to the list. What are people searching: She has been in the news for all the wrong reasons. 1. She recently checked into rehab. 2. Her pictures, which were found in Brad Pitt's phone is rumoured to be the cause of the BradAngelina break up. Her fans have been watching her videos and songs on torrent sites.  The risk: 11.11 per cent* Photograph: Kind Courtesy Selena Gomez/Instagram 10. Kesha (singer-songwriter) IMAGE: With that blonde hairdo singer Kesha can scare the living daylights out of anyone. She tied with Selena Gomez to round out the list of the top 10 most dangerous celebs to search for online.  What are people searching: Her video performance at this year's Billboard Awards, her back-to-back music tours and her sexual assault case against producer Dr Luke.  The risk: 11.11 per cent* Photograph: David Becker/Getty Images *Indicates the risk of searching for the celeb on the Internet and connecting to a malicious website. Check out more glamour features here Tags: Instagram, Carson Daly, Selena Gomez, Justin Bieber, Amy Schumer Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT MOST EMAILED MOST COMMENTED 10 ways to make heads turn this Navratri #DurgaPuja: 9 people you absolutely can't miss! Video: 3 traditional ways to drape the sari #ParisFashionWeek: 16 fab looks every girl MUST see 10 reasons why we love this model Pak can't be bullied, capable of defending itself: Sharif warns India Mary Kom backs government's demonetisation move Fit-again Dhawan set to play for Delhi in Ranji Trophy Market sentiments remain low, Sensex down 514 points India, Israel to intensify defence, anti-terror cooperation Children's Day recipes: Fruit Lollies, Choco Cupcake and more You don't need money to have fun! Children's Day special: 'Growing up has become a race' 10 pics of India that speak a million words! Children's Day: Pune girl's winning Google doodle Deepika, Ash, Vidya: Who's the hottest November cover girl? Will Modi help Prince build a school for slum kids? Tell us your Cash Crisis story! Stars spotted!  What's this? Spotted: Shatrughan Sinha in Kuwait Reader Kazi Abdul Karim sent us a photograph. More stars spotted Met a celebrity? Email us photos & videos Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz India News  |  Latest News in India  |  Bollywood News  |  India Cricket Score  |  India Business News  |  India Abroad Person of the Year 2013 © 2016 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
Trending: 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: Angry at Apple 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Healthcare, retail industries give blockchain a try Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware News Adapteva's 1,024-core Epiphany V mega-chip packs serious wallop Adapteva takes core wars between chips to new heights More like this Adapteva aims 64-core chip at tablets, smartphones Chip maker Adapteva aims to speed up smartphones Open source 25-core chip can grow into a 200,000-core computer on IDG Answers Can company see that I'm using their internet? Adapteva's next Epiphany V chip will have 1,024 cores. Credit: Adapteva Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments By Agam Shah Follow IDG News Service | Oct 5, 2016 3:43 AM PT RELATED TOPICS Computer Hardware Computer Processors Servers Comments Back in 2010, an Intel researcher said 1,000-core processors would be feasible. We're in that era, and the race to make chips faster and more power efficient is gaining steam. The latest mega-chip is a 1,024-core processor called Epiphany V, which was announced by Adapteva on Wednesday. Adapteva claims it will have enough juice to outperform some of the latest gaming and server processors. It has 24 more cores than the 1,000-core KiloCore, a test chip made by researchers at University of California, Davis. The Epiphany V and KiloCore cram a mind-numbing number of power-efficient cores into small chips. The Epiphany V chip isn't designed for gaming -- it's aimed more at real-time image processing, autonomous driving, and machine learning, said Andreas Olofsson, founder of Adapteva. A hardware enthusiast could build a Linux PC with it, though the chip isn't really designed for PC-type use, Olofsson said. Companies like Google, Facebook and Amazon are building mega data centers to handle a growing number of social media and cloud applications. These servers also handle image recognition and natural language processing. The servers are coming under more stress with the growing influx of data. Olofsson argues the Epiphany V will deliver more performance per watt and square millimeter than x86 chips. That performance will help smaller servers do more. The Epiphany V is based on the RISC architecture, which is different than the x86. The chip is now being manufactured, and it could be tested in computers in the coming months. Availability of the chips could be announced next year. The chip is being fabricated using the 16-nm FinFET process by TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co.). TSMC is using the same process to make Nvidia's latest graphics chips. The 1,024-core chip will not be available off the shelf, but Adapteva will work with partners to commercialize the chip, Olofsson said. That process, in itself, could be a challenge considering a lot of time is required to test and validate chips.  Development of the chip was funded bythe U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, which played a big role in the development of technologies like GPS and the internet. DARPA has also funded wild ideas that never came to fruition, but Epiphany V looks like it will eventually be available in servers or boards. The Epiphany V is a milestone in the number of cores that can be put on CPUs. Adding cores became a trend when AMD showed the first dual-core x86 chip in 2004. However, one of the first multicore chips was a Power4 processor from IBM in 2001. Putting more cores was an alternative to cranking up the clock speed of CPUs, which caused chips to draw more power. But along with more cores came the challenge of making programs work in parallel. Programming frameworks like OpenCL, which is supported by Epiphany V, have helped write code that harnesses the joint computing power of many cores. The Epiphany V design makes it easy to run applications in parallel. It has a mesh topology, and cores are networked to facilitate communications. It has shared memory accessible to all cores. The topography ensures there is cache coherency, which is important in chips loaded with cores and memory. The shared memory support can expand to more Epiphany chips. The mesh topology, with cores communicating via mini-routers, has been used in research and commercial chips before, but Epiphany V has a different design. Some key details, like overall power consumption, aren't yet known. The power efficiency of the chips determines motherboard and server design, and also the effective performance per watt of the chip. For example, the 1,000-core KiloCore is so power-efficient that it can run on a single AA battery, the UC Davis researchers claimed. Adapteva has released Epiphany chips previously, and also shipped the $99 Parallella board computer with a previous Epiphany chip. The company turned to Kickstarter for funding to develop the board and shipped more than 10,000 units. Olofsson didn't detail how he'd commercialize the new Epiphany V chip. RELATED TOPICS Computer Hardware Computer Processors Servers Agam Shah — U.S. Correspondent The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources White Paper API Use Case White Paper BARC Paper: The Benefits of an Integrated Approach to BI and Planning White Paper Cloud Business Analytics: A Step Closer to Pervasive Adoption of Decision Support Services Video/Webcast Sponsored Data Visualizations for Mobile Users White Paper EMA Research Analytics in the Cloud Go Top Stories 3D printer owners rate the best 14 machines Online user community 3D Hubs has published its third annual 3D Printer Guide for 2017, based on... No, Twitter -- a mute button for hate speech won’t work A mute button for notifications is not much of a step toward curbing online harassment. Twitter needs... The long decline of online freedom According to Freedom House’s 2016 report, freedom on the internet is in its sixth year of decline.... First look: The 13-in MacBook Pro's Touch Bar wows The innovative new Touch Bar in the MacBook Pro brings back something that's been missing from Macs in... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Arts and Entertainmentopinion For 2017, Chanel is embracing tech. First step: Bedazzling your geeky lanyard. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Robin Givhan October 5 Follow @RobinGivhan One in a series on the clothes that made a splash at Paris Fashion Week. Chanel Spring/Summer 2017 collection. In his work for Chanel’s spring clothes, designer Karl Lagerfeld focused on the innards of our computers — the data, the algorithms and microchips — instead of the gleaming exterior. (Olivier Claisse/MCV) PARIS — Exquisitely beaded lanyards, tweed baseball caps, luxe laptop bags — are these the trinkets that can satisfy the Chanel customer who fancies herself a tech geek as well as a fashion fiend? They were on the runway alongside an array of dresses in blown-up motherboard prints and jackets that seemed to be woven from colored wires and lights. Chanel Spring/Summer 2017 collection. For some time, fashion has been been trying to sort out its relationship with technology. (Jonas Gustavsson/MCV photo for The Washington Post) Chanel Spring/Summer 2017 collection. Beyond the basics, technology and fashion are essentially passing acquaintances. (Jonas Gustavsson/MCV photo for The Washington Post) Chanel Spring/Summer 2017 collection. (Jonas Gustavsson/MCV photo for The Washington Post) In his work for Chanel, designer Karl Lagerfeld has commented on the wonders of technology before, but for spring 2017, he focused on the innards of our computers — the data, the algorithms and microchips — instead of the gleaming exterior. For some time, fashion has been trying to sort out its relationship with technology, trying to figure out the ways in which computer chips and sensors tucked into clothes can improve our lives, or at least make them more interesting. But beyond the basics — fabrics that excel in keeping us cool or warm — technology and fashion are essentially passing acquaintances. Sometimes uncomfortably so. Hussein Chalayan Spring/Summer 2017 collection. In a collaboration with Intel, Chalayan showed a spring collection in which models wore glasses that picked up their breathing and heart rate and transferred that information to their bulky belts. (Olivier Claisse/MCV) Indeed, the designer Hussein Chalayan, in a collaboration with Intel, showed a spring collection in which models wore glasses that picked up their breathing and heart rate and transferred that information to their bulky belts. The data was then broadcast onto a screen so that the audience could get a gander at the models’ stress levels as they walked by. Which leads one to wonder: Do you really want to know how stressed you are going into a meeting with your boss? Don’t you already know? Hussein Chalayan Spring/Summer 2017 collection. Chalayan’s clothes were quite nice with their easy fit and elongated sleeves. (Helle Moos/MCV photo for The Washington Post) Such technology may, in the future, prove indispensable. Who knew that the ability to photograph every morsel of food you put into your mouth would become so essential to the dining experience? Meanwhile, applaud Chalayan for his intellectual curiosity, ignore Intel’s high-tech fanny packs and just take a look at the clothes, which were quite nice with their easy fit, elongated sleeves and slightly oversize shoulders. Hussein Chalayan Spring/Summer 2017 collection. (Helle Moos/MCV photo for The Washington Post) If the technology aspect at Chalayan was inelegant science and no art, at Chanel, it was all art. Or at least artful commerce. Models wearing the Chanel Spring/Summer 2017 collection. (Helle Moos/MCV photo for The Washington Post) The experience of a Chanel runway show is, even by fashion standards, extreme. Women — and men — fetishize Chanel in a way that fans of other brands do not. They arrive draped in Chanel jackets, skirts, brooches, bags, hats and perfume.  Even the singer Usher, who attended Tuesday’s spring 2017 presentation, was costumed in a black Chanel jacket bedecked with braided trim and brooches and with the double-C logo in crystals on the back. The singer Usher wore a black Chanel jacket bedecked with braided trim and brooches. (Gonzalo Fuentes/Reuters) There is a look-at-me vibe at Chanel that is particularly striking. This season, a flock of young women wafted into the Grand Palais, each trailed by her own photographer. Accompanying stylists proceeded to fluff and powder them for their close-ups; the other guests were just a bunch of extras on the set. Chanel Spring/Summer 2017 collection. (Olivier Claisse/MCV) Chanel is mainstream luxury, meaning that people know the name, associate it with high-end cachet and understand its vernacular.  You do not have to be in the know to know Chanel. Chanel Spring/Summer 2017 collection. (Jonas Gustavsson/MCV photo for The Washington Post) Chanel Spring/Summer 2017 collection. (Jonas Gustavsson/MCV photo for The Washington Post) Chanel Spring/Summer 2017 collection. (Jonas Gustavsson/MCV photo for The Washington Post) Lagerfeld has kept Chanel churning by injecting it with the mood or the story line of the day. (Chanel weathered the recession just fine, but recently profits have dropped.) Tech is currently the story. So Lagerfeld makes that connection. He gives his customers the sense that they are in on the fashion and technology conversation. That they are forward-looking. But he doesn’t let science get in the way of the dresses, the jackets or a few good gewgaws. 1 of 147 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The scene at Paris Fashion Week View Photos Designers show off their exciting fashions in Paris. Caption Designers show off their exciting fashions in Paris. Oct. 5, 2016 MiuMiu Spring/Summer 2017 collection. MCV Photo Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue. ALSO AT PARIS FASHION WEEK: The power of being invisible — in oversized clothes from Comme des Garçons Why are people mocking Kim Kardashian for being a victim of violent crime? How ‘street style’ lost its meaning and its power Metallic bronze, bubble-gum pink, cherry red: At Haider Ackermann, color is bold and complex From fencing jackets to tulle skirts, Dior sees many ways to dress a feminist These delicate, swirling clothes from Rick Owens are a blast of pure emotion No, really: A big white shirt is all you’ll want next spring, if fashion has its way Rihanna actually took fashion to a new place. It was kind of crazy — but not bad. With a woman at the top, Lanvin bounces back beautifully from a year of chaos Nipples on the runway at Saint Laurent? But wait, there’s a history here. lifestyle style-blog true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Robin Givhan is a staff writer and the Washington Post fashion critic, covering fashion as a business, as a cultural institution and as pure pleasure. Follow @RobinGivhan Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 My boyfriend has been separated for 2 years. I still feel like the other woman. 2 A match made in someone else’s idea of heaven 3 Megyn Kelly says her 5-year-old daughter asked what a ‘bimbo’ was — because of Trump 4 These Republicans said they’d never tolerate Trump. But then he won. 5 Twenty years later, ‘Space Jam’ is the movie we never knew we needed lifestyle style-blog Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Breezy caftans, ruffled gowns: After some bleak times, … For 2017, Chanel is embracing tech. First step: Bedazzl… The power of being invisible — in oversized clothes fro… Would you rather just wear trousers? Valentino makes th… Why are people mocking Kim Kardashian for being a victi… How ‘street style’ lost its meaning and its power Metallic bronze, bubble-gum pink, cherry red: At Haider… From fencing jackets to tulle skirts, Dior sees many wa… These delicate, swirling clothes from Rick Owens are a … No, really: A big white shirt is all you’ll want next s… Rihanna actually took fashion to a new place. It was ki… After a year of chaos, a surprising dose of elegance fr… Nipples on the runway at Saint Laurent? But wait, there… The uproar over Marc Jacobs and dreadlocks is ridiculou… Hillary Clinton, style icon? The unexpected inspiration… The artist formerly known as Kate Spade is back — with … Sleek, sophisticated, classy clothes: Is this really th… Boxer chic is DKNY’s best new idea: Pull up your hood, … These delightful Thom Browne shoes are the fashion equi… These Hood by Air shoes are a metaphor for something, r… Designers are trying — really trying — to figure out wh… What Christian Siriano’s bold, brilliant clothes tell u… How a basic black Adidas track suit became the height o… These oversize men’s shirts at Monse are surprisingly s… The potent Hollywood glamour of Tom Ford: It takes a wo… Kanye West’s Yeezy Season 4 was worse than bad. It was … Kanye West is not making it easy to see his fashion sho… Great news, Grandpa: The hot new trend in menswear is s… Andre Iguodala can afford anything he wants now. Here’s… Okay, the male models in lace skirts definitely got our… The fashion industry seems detached from the world arou… Here’s what Paris thinks you’ll buy this fall. But is i… From stunning to weird, 9 looks that ruled the runways … Surreal, mind-bending, freaky: Iris Van Herpen’s clothe… No gimmicks at Chanel. Just beautiful clothes you could… Poofy skirts, huge shoulders: Saint Laurent gives the g… Long black skirts could be so boring. But not the way V… There’s a very good reason for fashion to be this weird What happens when Balenciaga designs for normal people Haider Ackermann wants you to look like a fierce, gorge… Fashion’s true auteurs are on the move — and their loss… On the Paris runway, golden corsets that actually look … Tacky, drab, badly fitted clothes: How did things go so… You too can look like a Kardashian with Balmain’s hourg… These richly gorgeous Dries Van Noten styles made a jad… Street style is taking its place alongside high fashion… Linebacker shoulders and kindergarten shapes on a Paris… Don’t eat a big meal before slipping into one of these … How to design an Oscar gown that even a star might pay … Put away your skinny jeans. Clothes are getting big aga… 12 striking looks from New York Fashion Week — good and… The Downton Abbey-on-the-Rio Grande look? It’s Ralph La… Which star will wear this Marchesa gown to the Oscars? … Feathered jeans! Baby blue minks! Michael Kors just wan… Ralph Rucci makes a brilliant comeback in New York; San… Thom Browne’s new purses look like dogs — and could be … This Rosie Assoulin top looks like a gladiator’s breast… Sailor pants and captain’s coats — really, Tommy Hilfig… The fashion industry wants to disrupt the runway. It’s … How a lace dress on a New York runway evokes Detroit
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Topic News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted For Bloggers PRNewswire Distribution Search Lanner Partners with Versa Networks to Enhance SD-WAN and vCPE Solutions at Customer Site Lanner and Versa Networks have tested and validated an integrated solution that combines Lanner's compact virtual CPE equipment FW-7525 and Versa Networks' highly-flexible NFV-based SD-WAN and SD-Security software. FW-7525_back   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * vCPE * SD-WAN * Network Edge By Industry: * TelecomNEW TAIPEI CITY, Taiwan - Oct. 5, 2016 - PRLog -- Lanner Electronics, a global leading manufacturer of network appliances, and Versa Network, an innovative vendor in the SD-WAN and SD-Security market, have created and integrated solution that merges Versa SD-WAN software with Lanner's vCPE platforms. Legacy WAN infrastructure requires private lines and proprietary single-function hardware to deploy. When more branches are established, the complexity of network management increases as well as the hardware investment and total cost of ownership. Lanner and Versa Networks have tested and validated an integrated solution that combines Lanner's compact virtual CPE equipment and Versa Networks' highly-flexible NFV-based SD-WAN and SD-Security software. The joint solution enables service providers to centrally and cost-effectively manage a truly NFV-based and software-defined WAN at their network customers' sites, instead of the traditional investment in proprietary hardware and hands-on management. The integration of Versa's NFV-based architecture and Lanner's hardware vCPE platform delivers flexibility and cost advantages for creating agile and profitable managed services. Lanner's FW-7525 functions as the vCPE device in conjunction with Versa's FlexVNF software.FW-7525 is built on open x86 architecture in a compact fan-less desktop form factor. The desktop platform is powered by a dual or quad-core Intel® Atom™ C2000 Series processor, enabling network function virtualization at optimal power efficiency. FW-7525 comes with up to 6 Ethernet ports to connect with other networking devices at the customer site. Internally, the platform integrates an Intel QuickAssist crypto hardware accelerator to boost security inspection capability and secure network traffic. By integrating the flexibility of Versa's NFV- and software-based approach to SD-WAN with Lanner's versatile vCPE, the joint offering delivers an optimal solution for building profitable SD-WAN managed services and large enterprise WANs. FW-7525 Fanless Desktop x86 Network Platform for vCPE, SD-WAN and Network Edge - Intel® Atom™ processor C2358(dual-core), C2518(quad-core) or C2558(quad-core) (Codenamed "Rangeley") - Fanless design - 4 or 6 x GbE RJ-45 LAN ports - Built-in Intel QuickAssist crypto acceleration - Intel AES-NI new instructions - Support up to 8GB DDR3 memory - Intel i210AT LAN controller - Support 1 pair Gen.2 LAN Bypass (FW-7525A/C/D) - Optional rack mounting kit support If you want to know more about this product, please visit our website: http://www.lannerinc.com/products/x86-network-appliances/... About Lanner Electronics Inc. Lanner Electronics Inc. (TAIEX 6245) is a world-leading hardware provider in design, engineering, and manufacturing services for advanced network appliances and rugged industrial computers. With 30-year experiences, Lanner provides reliable and cost-effective computing platforms with high quality and performance. Today, Lanner has a large and dynamic manpower of over 800 well-experienced employees worldwide with the headquarters in Taipei, Taiwan and subsidiaries in the US, Canada, and China. Contact Tiana Wang ***@lannerinc.com End Source : Lanner Electronics Inc. » Follow Email : ***@lannerinc.com Listed Under- Tags : vCPE, SD-WAN, Network Edge Industry : Telecom Location : New Taipei City - New Taipei City - Taiwan Subject : Products A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Lanner Electronics Inc. PRs Lanner Partners with Rapid Signage to Offer well-rounded Digital Signage Solutions Lanner, NTT Lagopus Exchange SDN Switch Compatibility Co-Certifications Lanner Adds NCA-1210 into its Expanding Compact Network Appliance Lineup The LEC-2580: Unsurpassed in Performance, Flexibility and Scalability Lanner Adds NCA-1011 to Expand Its vCPE, Edge Security Product Lineup Trending News AEFIS Ranked in Top 100 — Philadelphia Region's Best Peerless-AV® to Showcase Innovative Workplace Communication Solutions at CorpComm Expo 2016 WDNP Networks gears up for the American Music Awards BriskHeat Expands Product Offering with New Self-Regulating Heating Cable Line and Connection Kits Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes Top Daily News Aftermath Services awards $5000 K9 Grant to Alamogordo Police Department - 595 views Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes - 319 views The Ken Blanchard Companies® Wins 2016 Top Workplaces Award - 246 views Power Design Earns Gold for Innovative Technology Partnership - 166 views HRO Today Announces Winners of 2016 Annual Awards EMEA - 158 views Top Weekly News President-elect Donald Trump Recognizes Homeschool Movement - 62207 views Detroit actor relishes role, respects his character in 'Wild Faith' - 3748 views Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 766 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 537 views Beyond Tablet Honored with CES 2017 Innovation Award - 536 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 311 views Fisher, Felton, Lloyd, Amell Top Celebrities At Wizard World New Orleans, January 6-8, 2017 - 218 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 200 views PM&E Inc. Is Pleased To Announce a Purchase Order for an EVADA A4 Ambulance - 174 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 152 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Get Feeds | Get Alerted | For Bloggers | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Skip to main content Search form Search facebook linked twitter rss youtube enews Magazine Annuals News People In The News Company Database Lists Contact VBM Advertise Subscribe Events Calendar of Events Special Events Login You are here Home Norwich University launches cybersecurity awareness month -A A +A Norwich University launches cybersecurity awareness month Tweet Wed, 10/05/2016 - 6:26am -- Denise Sortor Related Company:  Norwich University The University of Vermont Medical Center Vermont Business Magazine On Friday, Sept 30, President Richard W. Schneider signed a university proclamation officially launching Cybersecurity Awareness Month at Norwich University, a national leader in cybersecurity and digital forensics education. October is National Cybersecurity Awareness Month, and this year Norwich is taking up the charge of engaging the entire Norwich community and surrounding Northfield and central Vermont community on this important topic with both internal activities and several presentations, which are free and open to the public. On Tuesday, Oct. 11, from 1-2 pm in Plumley Armory, Norwich presents “The Cyber-Threat Landscape,” a keynote presentation by Stacey Wright from the Multi State-Information Sharing and Analysis Center (MS-ISAC) of Albany, New York. In this engaging presentation, Wright will introduce the current cyber threat environment and the simple steps everyone can take to protect themselves. The public is welcome and encouraged to attend this talk and to participate in the Q and A after. Wright is the Intel Program Manager at the Center for Internet Security (CIS), where she leads the Intel Team for the Multi-State Information Sharing and Analysis Center (MS-ISAC). The Intel Team focuses on providing strategic, operational, and tactical cyber-threat intelligence on state, local, tribal, and territorial government cyber issues, and is dedicated to providing comprehensive, actionable intelligence analysis. Prior to her employment at CIS, Wright was the Cyber Intelligence Analyst for the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Albany Division, where she was responsible for coordinating the local cyber-intelligence program, and served as the FBI's liaison to MS-ISAC. On Thursday, Oct 20, from 2-4 pm in Dole Auditorium, come hear presentations by members of the Albany, NY, FBI. On Thursday, Oct. 27 from 6:30-8 pm in Partridge 125, come hear from Heather Roszkowski NU’00 & M’08,Chief Information Security Officer at University of Vermont Medical Center, a five-hospital system serving the residents of Vermont and northern New York. Roszkowski brings 11 years of experience in communications and computer information security to her position from the U.S. Army. She has worked in healthcare since leaving active duty in 2011. Roszkowski holds Bachelor of Science degrees in Computer Information Systems and Business Management, and a Master of Science in Computer Information Security from Norwich University. In addition to faculty and staff trainings, Norwich University is also offering contests for the Norwich community that will test cyber-knowledge and provide information on cyber-safety and other ways to exercise caution and discretion when using technology. Challenges and quizzes will be offered every Wednesday in October; students will staff a cybersecurity table at the dining hall to answer questions; and there will be various other presentations in classrooms throughout the month. Remove From Front:  Yes   View the discussion thread.   Subscribe Join our free eNewsletter Additional eNewsletters Weekly eNewsmakers Weekly e/eNewsletter     Recent Comments Powered by Disqus Contact VBM Vermont Business Magazine 365 Dorset Street South Burlington, Vermont 05403 Phone: 802.863.8038 Fax: 802.863.8069 Events From illness to enterprise Nov 18 Friday, November 18, 2016 - 9:00am Annual Stuff A Truck Food and Funds Drive Nov 17-19 Saturday, November 19, 2016 - 2:45pm Phoenix Books welcomes Bernie Sanders Nov 22 Tuesday, November 22, 2016 - 7:30pm Lists Vermont Food Producers Governor's Award Town Clerks Elected Officials Vermont Nonprofit Charitable Organizations State Senate Technology Legislators Subscribe Additional eNewsletters Weekly eHealth Weekly eNewsmakers Weekly e/eNewsletter     Magazine Annuals News People In The News Company Database Lists Contact VBM Advertise Subscribe Events Calendar of Events Special Events Login This website developed by OFF GRID MEDIA LAB  Copyright © Vermont Business Magazine, 2014-2016
null
null
Jump to navigation Advertisement News for the Open Source Professional Login / Create Account Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn Feeds Brought to you by News Enterprise Desktop Mobile & Embedded Open Source Linux Kernel DevOps Networking Cloud Computing Tutorials Open Source Pro Learn What is Linux? Training Certification Events Webinars Community Participate Q&A Forums Blogs Resources Newsletter Distributions Publications Infographics Photos Videos Jobs Greg Whelan October 6, 2016 The Evolution of Open Source Networking at AT&T odls-att.jpg Chris Rice, Sr. VP of Domain 2.0 Architecture and Design of AT&T, provided an overview of AT&T’s networking journey during his keynote address at the ODL Summit. Creative Commons Attribution Linux Foundation / Photo: David A Johanson BigPicturePhoto© For many years AT&T has been on the forefront of virtualizing a Tier 1 carrier network. They’ve done so in a very open fashion and are actively participating in, and driving, many open sources initiatives.  Their open initiatives include Domain 2.0, ECOMP, and CORD, all of which are driving innovation in the global service provider market.  Chris Rice, Sr. VP of Domain 2.0 Architecture and Design of AT&T, provided an overview of how AT&T got where they are today during his keynote address at the ODL Summit. Providing a bit of history of this journey, Rice noted that today’s implementations and visions started years ago. One of the first steps was the creation of what he called a router farm, which was initiated because of the end of life of a router and there wasn’t a new router that could just take its place. The goal was to remove the static relationship between the edge router and the customer. Once this was done, AT&T could provide better resiliency to their customers, detect failures, do planned maintenance, and schedule backups. They could also move configurations from one router to another vendor’s router.   The result was faster and cheaper; however, “it just wasn’t as reusable as they wanted.” They learned the importance of separating services from the network and from the devices. About three and a half  years ago, the greater community and ecosystem started to address many of the company’s key concerns. For example, Rice noted that Intel was continuing to improve the packet processing performance of their general purpose CPUs, resulting in a 100 times improvement over a 10-year period. What they concluded was that “next-generation carrier networks must be: cloud-based, model-driven, and software defined.” He acknowledged that today this might not sound exciting but three and a half years ago, it was insightful.    ECOMP and VNF During this time ECOMP (Enhanced Control, Orchestration, Management and Policy) was born.  Rice noted that ECOMP is “not a science project.”  It was fully vetted and has been used in production networks for the past 2 years. Today, ECOMP comprises more than 8.5 million lines of code and is growing every day.  Rice also noted that currently 5.7 percent of AT&T’s network is virtualized and the goal is for 30 percent to be virtualized by the end of 2016.   The Layer 2/3 SDN controller within ECOMP is based on ODL and includes a Layer 4-7 VNF management and application controller. Rice noted that a key takeaway was that ODL can be used at all layers of the OSI Stack. The layer 4-7 application controller is used to initialize and configure virtual network functions (VNFs), automate the lifecycle of VNFs, and to correct and monitor faults and failures of application components. He pointed out that all of this is being achieved in a vendor and VNF agnostic mechanism. Legos Not Snowflakes Perhaps the biggest takeaway from Rice’s keynote was his comment that today’s VNFs are “snowflakes and we want Lego blocks not snowflakes.” Lego blocks come in different shapes and colors yet they all interoperate. And, if each VNF is unique, it requires a costly and time consuming “one off” integration effort.  With the Lego model, they can build a framework or a foundation once and add or replace interoperable VNFs as required.   There are functions that all VNFs must support regardless of their specific functionality. Rice noted that AT&T must be able to configure, test, scale, start, stop, restart, and rebuild every VNF no matter what its specific function. The industry as a whole, he continued, must work to normalize VNFs to support the common operational framework, the Lego model.  To illustrate their success in this model, Rice discussed their work with the optical transport part of their network. Using their methodology, AT&T has achieved end-to-end multi-vendor interoperability and can configuring and reconfiguring multiple vendors ROADMs. Rice finished his talk by highlighting “why ODL.” First, ODL controllers are platforms for innovation. The   innovation occurs in both the way networks are built and in the way services are designed. Second, programmable controllers, such as within ODL, must support a rich set of both Northbound/Southbound interfaces as well as East/West capabilities. Rice noted here that the support for what he referred to as “brownfield” protocols is a mandatory requirement. Third, Rice called on the ODL community to focus on reliability and on scale and specifically called out the need for geographical redundancy. Log in or register to post comments Print This Like  (0 likes) Click Here! Advertisement Training See all LFS301 Linux System Administration November 28, 2016 Learn more LFD401 Developing Applications For Linux November 28, 2016 Learn more LFD430 Developing Linux Device Drivers November 28, 2016 Learn more Newsletter Related Jobs Senior DevOps Engineer Sr Software Engineering Manager (ARM, Linux, Android) - 5359 OpenStack DevOps Cloud Engineer - 37736 Sr. Manager Cloud Engineering See all Jobs Jobs provided in partnership with Dice.com News Enterprise Desktop Mobile & Embedded Open Source Linux Kernel DevOps Networking Cloud Computing Tutorials Open Source Pro Learn What is Linux? Training Certification Events Webinars Community Participate Q&A Forums Blogs Resources Newsletter Distributions Publications Infographics Photos Videos Jobs About Linux.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Editorial Policy Contact The Linux Foundation is a non-profit consortium enabling collaboration and innovation through an open source development model. Learn More © 2016 The Linux Foundation
This site is best experienced with JavaScript enabled. Store Products Software & services Windows Office Free downloads & security Internet Explorer Microsoft Edge Skype OneNote OneDrive Microsoft Health MSN Bing Microsoft Groove Microsoft Movies & TV Devices & Xbox All Microsoft devices Microsoft Surface All Windows PCs & tablets PC accessories Xbox & games Microsoft Lumia All Windows phones Microsoft HoloLens For business Cloud Platform Microsoft Azure Microsoft Dynamics Windows for business Office for business Skype for business Surface for business Enterprise solutions Small business solutions Find a solutions provider Volume Licensing For developers & IT pros Develop Windows apps Microsoft Azure MSDN TechNet Visual Studio For students & educators Office for students OneNote in classroom Shop PCs & tablets perfect for students Microsoft in Education Support Sign in items in cart Search MicrosoftSearch items in cart StoreStore Store Home Devices Microsoft Surface PCs & tablets Xbox Virtual reality Accessories Windows phone Software & Apps Office Windows Additional software Windows apps Windows phone apps Games & Entertainment Xbox One games Xbox 360 games PC games (disc) Windows digital games Windows phone games Movies & TV Music Deals Sale Holiday Gift Guide Microsoft Surface Deals PC Deals Xbox Deals More Gift cards Business Students & educators Developer Find a store Microsoft Surface Devices Microsoft Surface PCs & tablets Xbox Virtual reality Accessories Windows phone Software & Apps Office Windows Additional software Windows apps Windows phone apps Games & Entertainment Xbox One games Xbox 360 games PC games (disc) Windows digital games Windows phone games Movies & TV Music Deals Sale Holiday Gift Guide Microsoft Surface Deals PC Deals Xbox Deals More Gift cards Business Students & educators Developer Find a store Microsoft Surface Home >For your business For your business Call 866-425-4709 to place your business order Shop categories: Surface for business Office for business Business PCs Windows Project Visio Visual Studio 2015 Server and IT software Your business partner Get the software and devices you need to succeed. For larger orders and special pricing call 866-425-4709. Request a quote Surface financing Discover Surface Membership, devices, upgrades, and expert on-demand support. Shop now > Accelerate Your Business Get the right Dell devices, support, and flexible payments for your business. Shop now > Office for business Office means business. Work anywhere, anytime, on any device. Shop now > Buy a select Surface device, get a 1-year DocuSign subscription*Shop Surface Pro 4 Shop Surface Book Office 365 is built for business See plans and pricing Office 365 Business Full, installed Office on PC/Mac Office apps on tablets and phones 1TB file storage and sharing Purchase on Office365.com Starting at $8.25 user/month Office 365 Business Premium All the features of Office 365 Business plus: Email with 50GB mailbox HD video conferencing Purchase on Office365.com Starting at $12.50 user/month Education institutions Find the best tools for teaching and learning Shop now Office for small business Office Home & Business 2016 For 1 PC Fully installed versions of Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote Store files in the cloud with OneDrive $229.99 Office Home & Business 2016 for Mac For 1 Mac (Mac OS X 10.10) Fully installed versions of Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote Store files in the cloud with OneDrive $229.99 Office Professional 2016 For 1 PC Fully installed versions of Outlook, Publisher, Access, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote Store files in the cloud with OneDrive $399.99 Additional business software Shop now Windows 10 Pro All the features of Windows 10 Home plus business functionality for encryption, remote log-in, creating virtual machines, and more. $199.99 Visio Standard 2016 Simplify and visually communicate complex information. $299.99 Project Standard 2016 Keep your projects organized and on track with this powerful, easy to use management tool. $589.99 Visual Studio Professional with MSDN Get development tools that make you and your small team more productive. $1,199.00 SQL Server 2016 Standard Edition Get enhanced performance and greater scalability with SQL Server 2016. $3,189.00 System Center Essentials 2010 Server Management License Microsoft Service Center Essentials 2010 provides a unified management solution that enables IT professionals in midsize organizations to manage their IT environment with increased efficiency. $99.99 Surface means business Shop now Free year of DocuSign Free year of DocuSign Commercial Microsoft Surface Book 13.5-inch PixelSense touchscreen display 6th Gen Intel Core i5 or i7 Surface Pen included Windows 10 Pro Starting at $1,499.00 Free year of DocuSign Free year of DocuSign Commercial Microsoft Surface Pro 4 12.3-inch PixelSense touchscreen display 6th Gen Intel Core m3, i5, or i7 Surface Pen included Windows 10 Pro Starting at $899.00 Commercial Surface 3 10.8" Full HD touchscreen display Windows 10 Pro operating system Only 1.37 lbs Starting at $549.00 Business PCs Shop now Lenovo Thinkpad X1 Yoga Signature Edition 2 in 1 PC 14-inch WQHD OLED touchscreen Intel i7 6th Gen 16GB memory/512GB SSD Up to 11 hours battery life $2,699.00 Dell Latitude 15 3570 Laptop + 3 Year Onsite Warranty 15.6-inch HD touchscreen Intel i5 6th Gen 4GB memory/500GB HDD Windows 10 Pro Includes Dell 3 Year Onsite Warranty $899.00 HP EliteBook Folio G1 Signature Edition Laptop 12.5-inch Full HD touchscreen Intel Core m5-6Y54 8GB memory/Up to 512GB SSD Windows 10 Pro $1,299.00 Transforming business Introducing the Microsoft HoloLens Commercial Suite Shop now Business Solutions: Computers, Software & More Get the tools your organization needs to succeed. At Microsoft our innovative business solutions give you access to the latest software, laptops, PCs and tablets – so you can stay productive and protected, no matter where you're working. • Business Software: Whether you have a large company or run a one-person show, with Office 365, Office 365 Home & Business – or one of our other Office products, you can create professional presentations, organize data in spreadsheets, develop documents for clients, and design customized marketing materials for a product, your department, or your business. In addition to Microsoft Office products, our business software solutions also include Visio 2016, Project 2016, Visual Studio with MSDN, and more. • Laptops: From the Surface Book to innovative Dell and VAIO laptops, for business our collection delivers the power, reliability and security you need to work your way – safely. Featuring ultra-fast processors, brilliant, true-to-life displays, and available touchscreen technology, they make it easy to tackle projects, communicate with clients and more, virtually anywhere. You'll also find some options, like the Surface Book, that have been designed to pair with your IT infrastructure, and include a TPM chip, and are compatible with BitLocker. This way, you can protect your work at the office, at home, and everywhere in between. • PCs: In addition to laptops, our collection of business computers also includes powerful desktops. Designed for all that you do, these stationary machines deliver powerful processors, vast amounts of hard drive space, and plenty of memory for speedy multitasking. And with access to several USB ports, you can connect two or more monitors to your desktop, and get a larger view of all your files. • Tablets: With business tablets like the Surface Pro 4 and the Surface Book, Microsoft gives you flexible solutions when portability is key. Not only are they compatible with a wide range of software, and feature the speed and memory you need to at work, but they also boast vivid displays that make details easy to see, as well as sensitive touchscreens and classic keyboards – so you can use them your way. At Microsoft, our business solutions include everything from software to PCs, laptops and tablets. Explore our newest collection, or contact one of our customer service specialists to find the right technology for all that you do. Sign up for Microsoft news and special offer emails Sign up Thanks for signing up. We’ll be in touch soon. Privacy policy Our Categories Office Windows Microsoft Surface PCs & tablets Xbox PC gaming Microsoft HoloLens Virtual and mixed reality NFL merchandise Student deals All categories Other Microsoft sites Account View account Order tracking Digital content Wish list About Affiliate program Sitemap Careers Store locations Microsoft Rewards Help Support Orders Returns All help topics FAQ Office 365 renewal Connect Other Microsoft sites English (United States)‎ Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms Of Use And Sale Trademarks Feedback © 2016 Microsoft   This site is hosted by Digital River Back to top button Back to top Talk to an expert We’re here to help × What would you like to do? < Back Chat with someone before I buy Find info about my order Get technical or download support Text chat Start text chatText chat unavailable Call us Store sale and customer support: 1-855-843-96171-855-843-9618 For products bought elsewhere: 1-800-642-7676 Which product? Windows Office Surface Xbox See more
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Games Games Accessories Handheld Mobile Games Nintendo PC Gaming More PlayStation Toys VR Xbox Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / VR News / Oculus Connect 3: 8 Things we learned from Oculus' VR showcase Oculus Connect 3: 8 Things we learned from Oculus' VR showcase by Chris Smith 06 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments Oculus Connect 3 took place today, bringing a flurry of massive announcements for VR fans including a standalone Oculus Rift headset and news of the Oculus Touch price and release date, as well as a host of new experiences. Here's a round up of the biggest news. Oculus working on standalone VR headset to sit between Rift and Gear VR Oculus Touch ships December 6 for $199, new Touch-based experiences debuted New sensor gives Rift Vive-like room-scale tracking Oculus brought the Rift more into line with the HTC Vive thanks to the addition of room-scale tracking technology, meaning users will be able to move around within their environment. The $79 sensor pairs with the additional sensor bundled with the $200 Oculus Touch controllers, which will finally ship on December 6. The room-scaling support is only possible by combining the Rift, Touch and the additional sensor. The result will be that Rift owners will be able to move around in real life and see those movements reflected in the virtual world. The sensor will also be available on December 6. Best find a new home for that sofa, coffee table and cat, folks. Rift will work with $500 PC Oculus is also lowering the barrier to high-end VR, by announcing the Rift will soon provide great experiences with much-less powerful PCs, including laptops. While you currently need a PC worth around $1,000 to ensure a great VR experience, Oculus’ engineering advancements will make it possible with a PC worth around half that price. From today, a PC with the minimum spec of Nvidia 960 graphics card and an Intel i3-6100/AMD FX4350 CPU will be able to run the Rift. The new minimum spec requires 8GB of RAM. To achieve this Oculus is using two new systems, dubbed Spacewarp and Timewarp. The latter will add new ‘synthetic’ frames into the picture if your hardware is dropping them and the former lowers the demands on your hardware. As a result Rift experiences will run at 45fps, rather than the recommended 90fps, but these gap-filling measures should be enough to ensure a smooth experience that prevents nausea. New buds Oculus has announced new in-ear headphones for $49 that will ship in December, allowing users to replace the bundled-in on-ear audio accessory. Oculus is bringing VR to the web Oculus is working on a brand new web browser for its Rift headset which currently exists under the codename Carmel. However, it won’t just be for piddling around on Facebook, Oculus also announced a new ReactVR platform that will enable web-based VR (WebVR) experiences. The duo will enable developers to create VR experiences that can be streamed from the web rather than downloaded to the device from a store, making it easy for people to experience new content. The developer previews will be available soon. Get social with Avatars, Parties and Rooms When Facebook purchased Oculus, you imagine this is what they had in mind. Our very own Avatars hanging out and having Parties or simply meeting up to chat in Rooms. The new Avatars feature will make up your VR identity and it’ll be how others see you in the VR world. Effectively it’s an outline of your face that’s been customised with various accessories. Once you have your Avatar you can go hang out in virtual chat rooms with friends where everyone can play games like chess or watch movies together. Parties allows up to 8 people to group chat at the same time. (Image credit: Engadget) Oculus will have Blade Runner 2049 and Disney experiences We don’t know how yet, but the long-awaited Blade Runner sequel Blade Runner 2049 is coming to the Oculus Rift in some capacity (main image). Oculus also announced there’ll be some experiences involving classic Disney characters available for both Rift and Gear VR. “We are incredibly pleased to announce a collaboration with Walt Disney Studios, one of the most recognizable names in storytelling,” Oculus content producer Yelena Rachitsky said. “We’re going to be working with Disney to create a series of experiences based on their most beloved characters.” Game streaming for Gear VR Those rocking a Samsung Gear VR will be able to stream their experiences to Facebook Live. No new Gear VR controller announced, but Oculus did say it was committing $50m to mobile VR this year. In terms of new Gear VR experiences, there'll be Singspace, a karaoke game from Harmonix to look forward to in 2017, where you can hang out with friends and strangers in virtual bars and sing. Palmer Luckey was MIA The Oculus founder skipped the event to avoid being distraction, according to Oculus. Luckey was recently embroiled in a trolling scandal, where he donated $10,000 to an anti-Hillary Clinton group. HTC Vive vs Oculus Rift 0 shares Read Comments Tom October 7, 2016, 10:32 am "The Oculus founder skipped the event to avoid being distraction, according to Oculus. Luckey was recently embroiled in a trolling scandal, where he donated $10,000 to an anti-Hillary Clinton group" I think the issue was more that the group itself admitted it was set up just to shit-post - i.e. spread misinformation, anger, hate etc Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Skip to main content Advanced Search Home News Breaking News News By Subject Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavioral Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Science Business News Grants, Awards, Books Languages Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース Portals Climate Change Cancer Research Marine Science   E-mail Newsletter Breaking News Science Business News Grants Awards Books E-mail Newsletter RSS Feeds Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavior Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース Multimedia All multimedia Images Video Audio Search multimedia All Multimedia Search Multimedia Images Video Audio Meetings Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting: 252nd American Chemical Society National Meeting & Exposition August 21-25, 2016 Philadelphia, PA Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting 252nd American Chemical Society National Meeting & Exposition August 21-25, 2016 Philadelphia, PA More Information Portals Hello World Foo Bar Dropdown Menu Hello World Foo Bar Another Link The Last Item Climate ChangeThe latest insights into the changing climate More Cancer ResearchNew findings in cancer treatment and prevention More Marine ScienceIn-depth investigations on all things marine science More Science Agencies US Department of Energy US National Institutes of Health US National Science Foundation About About EurekAlert! For Reporters For PIOs Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! About EurekAlert! Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! For Reporters EurekAlert! provides embargoed and breaking science news you can't afford to miss.Learn more For PIOS EurekAlert! offers a one-stop science news distribution service you can trust.Learn more EurekAlert! is a service of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Login Register Public Release: 6-Oct-2016 Smallest. Transistor. Ever. Berkeley Lab-led research breaks major barrier in transistor size by creating gate only 1-nanometer long DOE/Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory Share  Print  E-Mail IMAGE: This is a schematic of a transistor with a molybdenum disulfide channel and 1-nanometer carbon nanotube gate. view more Credit: Sujay Desai/Berkeley Lab For more than a decade, engineers have been eyeing the finish line in the race to shrink the size of components in integrated circuits. They knew that the laws of physics had set a 5-nanometer threshold on the size of transistor gates among conventional semiconductors, about one-quarter the size of high-end 20-nanometer-gate transistors now on the market. Some laws are made to be broken, or at least challenged. A research team led by faculty scientist Ali Javey at the Department of Energy's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab) has done just that by creating a transistor with a working 1-nanometer gate. For comparison, a strand of human hair is about 50,000 nanometers thick. "We made the smallest transistor reported to date," said Javey, a lead principal investigator of the Electronic Materials program in Berkeley Lab's Materials Science Division. "The gate length is considered a defining dimension of the transistor. We demonstrated a 1-nanometer-gate transistor, showing that with the choice of proper materials, there is a lot more room to shrink our electronics." The key was to use carbon nanotubes and molybdenum disulfide (MoS2), an engine lubricant commonly sold in auto parts shops. MoS2 is part of a family of materials with immense potential for applications in LEDs, lasers, nanoscale transistors, solar cells, and more. The findings will appear in the Oct. 7 issue of the journal Science. Other investigators on this paper include Jeff Bokor, a faculty senior scientist at Berkeley Lab and a professor at UC Berkeley; Chenming Hu, a professor at UC Berkeley; Moon Kim, a professor at the University of Texas at Dallas; and H.S. Philip Wong, a professor at Stanford University. The development could be key to keeping alive Intel co-founder Gordon Moore's prediction that the density of transistors on integrated circuits would double every two years, enabling the increased performance of our laptops, mobile phones, televisions, and other electronics. "The semiconductor industry has long assumed that any gate below 5 nanometers wouldn't work, so anything below that was not even considered," said study lead author Sujay Desai, a graduate student in Javey's lab. "This research shows that sub-5-nanometer gates should not be discounted. Industry has been squeezing every last bit of capability out of silicon. By changing the material from silicon to MoS2, we can make a transistor with a gate that is just 1 nanometer in length, and operate it like a switch." When 'electrons are out of control' Transistors consist of three terminals: a source, a drain, and a gate. Current flows from the source to the drain, and that flow is controlled by the gate, which switches on and off in response to the voltage applied. Both silicon and MoS2 have a crystalline lattice structure, but electrons flowing through silicon are lighter and encounter less resistance compared with MoS2. That is a boon when the gate is 5 nanometers or longer. But below that length, a quantum mechanical phenomenon called tunneling kicks in, and the gate barrier is no longer able to keep the electrons from barging through from the source to the drain terminals. "This means we can't turn off the transistors," said Desai. "The electrons are out of control." Because electrons flowing through MoS2 are heavier, their flow can be controlled with smaller gate lengths. MoS2 can also be scaled down to atomically thin sheets, about 0.65 nanometers thick, with a lower dielectric constant, a measure reflecting the ability of a material to store energy in an electric field. Both of these properties, in addition to the mass of the electron, help improve the control of the flow of current inside the transistor when the gate length is reduced to 1 nanometer. Once they settled on MoS2 as the semiconductor material, it was time to construct the gate. Making a 1-nanometer structure, it turns out, is no small feat. Conventional lithography techniques don't work well at that scale, so the researchers turned to carbon nanotubes, hollow cylindrical tubes with diameters as small as 1 nanometer. They then measured the electrical properties of the devices to show that the MoS2 transistor with the carbon nanotube gate effectively controlled the flow of electrons. "This work demonstrated the shortest transistor ever," said Javey, who is also a UC Berkeley professor of electrical engineering and computer sciences. "However, it's a proof of concept. We have not yet packed these transistors onto a chip, and we haven't done this billions of times over. We also have not developed self-aligned fabrication schemes for reducing parasitic resistances in the device. But this work is important to show that we are no longer limited to a 5-nanometer gate for our transistors. Moore's Law can continue a while longer by proper engineering of the semiconductor material and device architecture." ### The work at Berkeley Lab was primarily funded by the Department of Energy's Basic Energy Sciences program. Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory addresses the world's most urgent scientific challenges by advancing sustainable energy, protecting human health, creating new materials, and revealing the origin and fate of the universe. Founded in 1931, Berkeley Lab's scientific expertise has been recognized with 13 Nobel prizes. The University of California manages Berkeley Lab for the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science. For more, visit http://www.lbl.gov. DOE's Office of Science is the single largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences in the United States, and is working to address some of the most pressing challenges of our time. For more information, please visit science.energy.gov. Disclaimer: AAAS and EurekAlert! are not responsible for the accuracy of news releases posted to EurekAlert! by contributing institutions or for the use of any information through the EurekAlert system. Share  Print  E-Mail Media Contact Sarah Yang scyang@lbl.gov 510-486-4575  @BerkeleyLab http://www.lbl.gov  More on this News Release Smallest. Transistor. Ever. DOE/Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory Journal Science Funder Department of Energy Keywords CHEMISTRY/PHYSICS/MATERIALS SCIENCES COMPUTER SCIENCE ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING/ELECTRONICS MATERIALS NANOTECHNOLOGY/MICROMACHINES NANOTECHNOLOGY/MICROMACHINES TECHNOLOGY/ENGINEERING/COMPUTER SCIENCE Multimedia Transistor Schematic (IMAGE) view more  Transistor Cross Section (IMAGE) view more  Original Source http://newscenter.lbl.gov/2016/10/06/smallest-transistor-1-nm-gate/ More in Chemistry & Physics New LEDs may offer better way to clean water in remote areas Ohio State University A new way to image solar cells in 3-D DOE/Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory How synchrony and asynchrony co-exist American Institute of Physics Researchers create living bio-hybrid system American Institute of Physics View all Chemistry & Physics news  Trending Science News Three new species of miniaturized tropical salamanders are already endangered PeerJ Do extremely reddened quasars extinguish star formation? University of California - Riverside Cow goes moo: Artificial intelligence-based system associates images with sounds Disney Research Autism and human evolutionary success University of York View all latest news  Copyright © 2016 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) Breaking News RSS Feed All EurekAlert! RSS Feeds @EurekAlertAAAS facebook.com/EurekAlert Help / FAQ Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact EurekAlert! Copyright © 2016 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS)
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonCo-founder Of DeepMind, Mustafa Suleyman, To Speak At Disrupt London Save £250 On Tickets Now You can now run the Oculus Rift on a $500 PC Posted Oct 6, 2016 by Lucas Matney (@lucas_matney) 0 SHARES Next Story Prisma adds art filtered video, GIFs coming next VR has been pretty expensive to get going with, but it’s slowly getting cheaper. Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe announced some changes to the minimum PC spec requirements required for Rift at the company’s developers conference, a move that will likely open up the platform to a much wider audience. Now, a PC with an Nvidia 960 graphics card and an Intel i3-6100 CPU will be able to support the Rift. Iribe notably highlighted that AMD has made a desktop for $499 that meets these requirements (with an AMD processor obviously). Iribe also teased that a number of laptop computers will be integrated into the Oculus-ready certification. The reason for the lowered spec requirements is an oddly-named feature called Asynchronous Spacewarp (???) which lets content operate at an internal 45 frames per second while being smoothly beamed to the Rift headset at 90fps. The system works by taking a pair of frames and creating a synthetic frames in between them that makes up for their differences. It’s definitely not as ideal as native 90 frame rendering but it does effectively open the Rift headset to lower specced PCs. It will be interesting to see how Oculus uses features like this to optimize the Rift for different systems. The Rift is likely going to find a home on the Project Scorpio Xbox One next year and tech similar to this may help the company optimize experiences for lower-powered consoles. PC-centric virtual reality is still pretty unwieldy for the average consumer, but as Oculus relaxes the minimum specs it slowly grows more likely that they can get onto the platform without too much investment. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Facebook's Fake News Problem | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Popular Posts Featured Stories June Intelligent Oven Review VIDEO | 4:50 | Reviews This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies 7 hours ago | Josh Constine Chinese scientists CRISPR a human for the first time 9 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Snapchat has reportedly filed confidentially for its massive IPO 10 hours ago | Matthew Lynley DJI’s Inspire 2 gets a second camera for first-person video feeds 12 hours ago | Brian Heater Latest From TechCrunch Samsung’s latest acquisition could pave the way for its own iMessage-type service 35 minutes ago | Jon Russell Former Twitter India head joins Times Internet to lead its global partnerships business 56 minutes ago | Jon Russell “Anti-smartphone” Light Phone runs into delays 2 hours ago | Haje Jan Kamps Crunch Report | Facebook’s Fake News Problem 3 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Comment moderation powered by Up Next Prisma adds art filtered video, GIFs coming next Posted Oct 6, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies 7 hours ago by Josh Constine Snapchat has reportedly filed confidentially for its massive IPO 10 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Chinese scientists CRISPR a human for the first time 9 hours ago by Sarah Buhr Happy 20th birthday, ICQ! 7 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Google’s AI Experiments help you understand neural networks by playing with them 10 hours ago by Devin Coldewey WhatsApp launches video calling for everyone yesterday by Josh Constine, Sarah Perez “Anti-smartphone” Light Phone runs into delays 2 hours ago by Haje Jan Kamps Budget US Android smartphones found secretly sending personal data to China 12 hours ago by Natasha Lomas
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: NXP Semiconductors NV Stock History in 2 Charts Its stock price is rising on news that the company may be purchased, but NXP could face more volatility even if a sale doesn't happen. Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Oct 6, 2016 at 1:44PM Image source: Getty Images. NXP Semiconductors' (NASDAQ:NXPI) stock price history has seen a long climb over nearly seven years, and recent rumors of a possible buyout from Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) (or other players) is pushing up the stock's value to close to its historical high, as you can see in the chart below.  Data source: YCharts. A recent one-day stock price pop of 22% came after The Wall Street Journal reported that Qualcomm is attempting to buy NXP Semiconductor for an undisclosed sum. That news was recently followed up by an article by Bloomberg that said NXP is considering selling itself to another company (as in, not Qualcomm) and has hired Qatalyst Partners to do so. NXP is rumored to be fielding inquiries from Avago Technologies, Intel, and Samsung. While there haven't been any details on the possible sale price, here's what NXP Semiconductors' financials look like right now:  Company Enterprise Value Trailing Revenue Trailing Free Cash Flow  NXP  $33.4 billion  $7.7 billion  $0.5 billion Data source: Yahoo! Finance.  Current fluctuations If you look at NXP's stock price over the past year (including the past few weeks), you can see how volatile it has been.  Image source: YCharts. The high points have come in part as NXP has realized its potential in areas like near-field communication (NFC) and on the success of its $12 billion purchase of Freescale Semiconductor, but the drops have come from recent headwinds from rising costs. Bloomberg noted in its article that the semiconductor is both facing a shortage of customers and an increase of component costs at the same time.  NXP is relatively small compared to the other semiconductor companies, and Qualcomm may want to use its $30 billion in cash scoop up NXP.  Qualcomm may be interested in NXP's position in the automotive space. NXP's purchase of Freescale made it the leading supplier of semiconductors to the automotive market, with 14.5% market share. Additionally, NXP launched its BlueBox autonomous driving system back in May that is designed as an off-the-shelf system that allows carmakers to design, manufacture, and sell level 4 (full autonomy) self-driving cars by 2020. The system comes with lidar, radar, and on-board vehicle-to-everything (V2X) communication sensors and is open-sourced so automakers can make their own adjustments to it.  The automotive semiconductor market was worth $29 billion in 2015, according to IHS, and IDC says the market will grow at a compound annual growth rate of 8% through 2020. And that, with its dominant position in the automotive space, makes NXP a valuable target right now. Where NXP's stock price goes from here It's impossible to predict NXP's future stock price, of course, but the recent uptick is likely to cool off at some point as investors get used the idea that the company may be purchased.  If a sale doesn't happen, though, I think investors are likely to experience some of the same volatility that NXP has experienced in the past. The company still has a while to go before the Freescale acquisition has been fully integrated into its current business.  While a deal may be on the horizon, NXP investors should factor in any purchase of the stock right now with the fact that the semiconductor space is getting increasingly competitive. Sales in the automotive space may help the company over the long term, but there's likely some short-term volatility ahead.  Chris Neiger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends NXP Semiconductors and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Chris has covered Tech and Telecom companies for The Motley Fool since 2012. Follow him on Twitter for the latest tech stock coverage. Follow @tmfnewsie Article Info Oct 6, 2016 at 1:44PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $66.77 up $0.84 (1.27%) NXP Semiconductors NASDAQ:NXPI $97.80 up $1.06 (1.10%) Read More Qualcomm, Inc. Is Buying NXP Semiconductors, NV: What You Need to Know 2 Most Unbelievably Undervalued Driverless Cars Stocks 3 Stocks to Invest in the Internet of Things Is This Qualcomm Buyout the Best Deal NXP Semiconductors Could Get? Better Buy for Dividend Investors: NXP Semiconductors NV vs. Texas Instruments Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Denodo Premiers DataFest User Conference for Accelerating Analytics, Cloud and Big Data Initiatives Denodo Premiers DataFest User Conference for Accelerating Analytics, Cloud and Big Data Initiatives Posted on October 6, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer The Denodo DataFest User Conference is a one-day technology gathering intended to assemble business leaders and technical experts in one location to share approaches to employing rapid, agile data strategies for accelerating analytics, cloud, and big data projects. Palo Alto, CA (PRWEB) October 06, 2016 WHO: Denodo, the leader in data virtualization software, will host its annual user conference on October 18, 2016 / 8am to 6pm PDT at the Hyatt Regency in Burlingame, California. WHAT: The Denodo DataFest User Conference is a one-day technology gathering intended to assemble business leaders and technical experts in one location to share approaches to employing rapid, agile data strategies for accelerating analytics, cloud, and big data projects. For further information about the conference, please visit http://www.denododatafest.com. Denodo customers will present their success stories in leveraging the Denodo Platform to support initiatives such as cloud modernization, self-service analytics, governance, Big Data and IoT initiatives. In addition, Denodo speakers and partners will present various solutions enabled by Data Virtualization, and also deep-dive technical sessions on product capabilities. WHY: According to Gartner, “The biggest changes in the market from 2015 are the increased demand for data virtualization, the growing use of data integration tools to combine "data lakes" with existing integration solutions, and the overall expectation that data integration will become cloud- and on-premises-agnostic.” (August 2016 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Data Integration Tools). Organizations have long suffered from the limitations of traditional approaches to data integration that delay data availability to business users due to their technical complexity and necessity for specialized resources for operations. Businesses need technologies that enable enterprise-wide rapid data strategy through agile, holistic, and instantaneous data methodologies. In this comprehensive event, attendees can choose from over 20 sessions ranging from customer case studies, data virtualization solutions, business value and technical deep-dives filled with presentations, panels, and demos. Angel Vina, CEO of Denodo, will open the conference with his perspectives on “Propelling Data Into the New Age,” followed by the Grand Keynote “Building Modern Data Architectures at Enterprise Scale,” presented by Josh Wise, Enterprise Architect at Intel. Attendees will also hear customer case studies from Autodesk, Logitech, SeaCoast Bank, Digital Realty, BioStorage Technologies, Asurion, Fastaff, VSP Global, and Cymer about how they successfully leveraged data virtualization to boost business benefits. Denodo DataFest Conference is supported by system integrator and technology partners such as Hortonworks, SimplicityBI, HCL, Mindtree, HP, Semarchy, LabAnswer, Kadenza, Alten, Metadata Technology, T2B, and Tabner. Partners and customers alike acclaim the benefits to their businesses of the Denodo Platform. “We wanted a single vendor for information delivery so that our business users can interact more with the data on a self-service basis,” said Mark Blanchette, VP and Director Business Technology and Data Management at Seacoast. “Denodo’s data virtualization technology has helped us to reduce the time required to source data for reporting from two to three days for static reports to only two or three hours for interactive, self-service reports.” “As the pioneer and industry leader in Rapid Response® travel nurse staffing, we own a unique market position placing nurses in ten days or less,” said Allison Beer, CEO of Fastaff and U.S. Nursing. "Data virtualization adds automation to our process by matching well qualified nurses with hospitals to ensure uninterrupted patient care. As innovators in this space, we are committed to using cutting-edge technology in delivering quality patient care where it is urgently needed and, after careful evaluation, we selected the Denodo Platform because of its superior performance, capabilities and technology innovation.” “Denodo’s ability to rapidly deliver integrations across business systems, and then service those standardized views for internal applications and business users is significant,” said Paul Balas, VP, Business Intelligence, for Digital Realty. “Our business moves at the speed of our customers, so understanding both their behaviors and needs and then delivering world-class solutions is our goal. By leveraging Denodo’s technology we will have the agility needed to deliver on this mission.” "We are excited to see big data virtualization capabilities like that of Denodo Platform 6.0, that extends physical data lakes to logical data lakes that enables a broader range of Hadoop use cases such as data warehouse offloading, IoT integration, and real-time insights," said Matt Morgan, SVP of Marketing at Hortonworks. “With Denodo Platform 6.0, business users are quickly unifying data silos to gain insights into the data for improved productivity and decision making,” said Mano Vajpey, Managing Partner, SimplicityBI. “We are bringing self-service and agile BI benefits to our joint customers, empowering them to exploit the full spectrum of information now at the tip of their fingers.” "The Denodo Platform accelerates information self-service to business users with necessary governance," said Vineet Talwar, Global Strategic Alliances at HCL. "Our joint customers are reaping the benefits of speed and agility from Denodo’s award-winning data virtualization technology which positions them to attain more value, faster.” “Global organizations are successfully leveraging data virtualization to solve their critical business problems,” stated Indy Sawhney, General Manager & Client Partner, Mindtree. “Denodo’s ability to support multiple solutions such as Logical Data Warehouse, Single View and cloud modernization combined with Mindtree’s consulting expertise is improving our customers’ experience while meeting their demands, faster.” “The integration of the Denodo Platform 6.0 with HPE’s Vertica advanced analytics database offering will bring improved speed and scale to our mutual customers," said Chris Selland, VP Business Development, Big Data Platform at Hewlett Packard Enterprise. "Denodo's Dynamic Query Optimizer understands an array of critical characteristics of big data sources such as the number of processing units and partitions and provides essential connectivity to the HPE Vertica premise and cloud-based solution.” “Denodo and Semarchy share an agile, value-driven approach to meeting customer needs,” remarked Salah Kamel, CEO, Semarchy. “Our evolutionary MDM capability combined with Denodo’s real-time data virtualization capability will benefit our mutual customers to be more competitive in today’s economy.” WHEN & WHERE: The Denodo DataFest Conference for building rapid, agile data strategies will take place in the San Francisco Bay Area as well as broadcast online on the following dates and times: Physical Event: AMERICAS October 18, 2016 / 8am to 6pm PDT at the Hyatt Regency San Francisco Airport, San Francisco, CA REGISTER Online Event: AMERICAS – Live Streaming October 18, 2016 / 8am to 6pm PDT REGISTER EMEA – Online Broadcast October 20, 2016 / 8am to 6pm CEST REGISTER Please Tweet: News: Attend #DenodoDataFest on Oct 18 to learn about agile data strategies using #DataVirtualization. Register: http://www.denododatafest.com @Denodo About Denodo Denodo is the leader in data virtualization providing agile, high performance data integration and data abstraction across the broadest range of enterprise, cloud, big data and unstructured data sources, and real-time data services at half the cost of traditional approaches. Denodo’s customers across every major industry have gained significant business agility and ROI by enabling faster and easier access to unified business information needs for agile BI, big data analytics, web and cloud integration, single-view applications, and enterprise data services. Denodo is well-funded, profitable and privately held. For more information, visit http://www.denodo.com or call +1 877 556 2531 / +44 (0) 20 7869 8053. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/10/prweb13741763.htm Latest News Flipbook Animation Software FlipHTML5 is Suitable for Interactive Content Publishing Konstantinos Kazinakis – United Bunkers Investors Corporation – Offers Guidelines for Successful Implementation of Shipping and Logistics Ad Age Recognizes BusinessOnline as One of the Best Places to Work 2016 Najib Babul – On the Accuracy of Pain Memory Julius Numavicius – On the Importance of Philanthropy Suprema to Unveil BioMini Slim 2, World’s Slimmest FAP20 Fingerprint Scanner at TRUSTECH 2016 Greenberg Traurig’s Environmental Practice Receives First-Tier Ranking in U.S. News – Best Lawyers 2017 ‘Best Law Firms’ Edition Secureone Security Opens Secureone LiveScan Fingerprinting in Mesa, AZ Greenberg Traurig’s Angel Taveras, Former Providence Mayor, to Speak about the “Politics of Public Sector Pensions” Cosmetic Town Relaunches Its Website with a New Design and New Features © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Topic News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted For Bloggers PRNewswire Distribution Search ICC Launches ICC Alpha™ Line of Overclocked Financial Servers ICC Alpha™ Custom-Cooled Servers Reach Speeds of up to 5.0 GHz, Providing Unprecedented Sequential Processing Power   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Overclocking * Servers * High-frequency Trading By Industry: * FinanceNORTHBROOK, Ill. - Oct. 6, 2016 - PRLog -- International Computer Concepts (ICC), a leading systems integrator of enterprise-level computing solutions, today announced the release of a new line of overclocked servers: ICC Alpha™. These systems were designed specifically for high-frequency trading (HFT) applications, where sequential processing speed is critical. ICC Alpha™ servers will first be demoed at The Trading Show 2016 in New York City on October 6. ICC Alpha™ was designed from the ground up by a dedicated in-house overclocking team. The systems were uncompromisingly built for speed: pure processing power. Multiple memory kits were tested and then selected to deliver the highest bandwidth and lowest latency possible. In addition, many changes have been implemented in the BIOS, OS, and hardware for minimum jitter and maximum performance. The ICC Alpha™ is able to achieve these unparalleled speeds with the utilization of a custom cooling solution in each node, developed with the consultation of thermal engineers. ICC offers customers a fully customized solution by working with BIOS engineers to tailor ICC Alpha™ systems to the unique needs of each customer's applications. "Our HFT customers are seeking absolutely the fastest possible processing available on the market to run their financial applications," observed ICC's Director of Development Alexey Stolyar. "ICC Alpha™ allows in an unprecedented way for trading firms to stay ahead of the competition in an industry where nanoseconds could mean the difference between loss or significant profit." The ICC Alpha™ line of custom-cooled and overclocked servers includes: ICC Alpha™ R-818v3 Processor (per node): Intel® Core™ i7-5960x at 5.0 GHz (Haswell-E) Memory (per node): Up to 32 GB DDR4 at 3200 MHz ICC Alpha™ R-818v3e Processor (per node): Intel® Xeon® E5-1680v3 at 5.0 GHz (Haswell-E) Memory (per node): Up to 32 GB DDR4 at 3200 MHz/2666 MHz ECC ICC Alpha™ R-818v4 Processor (per node): Intel® Core™ i7-6950x at 4.7 GHz (Broadwell-E) Memory (per node): Up to 32 GB DDR4 at 3200 MHz Each one of these systems comes standard with 4x 2.5" SATA drive support, 2x16 PCIe 3.0 full profile slots, and a 4000 W shared power supply (208-240 V). The ICC Alpha™ line of overclocked servers complements the existing ICC Vega™ line, which has a similar purpose of delivering the best speeds for sequential processing. The difference lies in the type of cooling solution and the clock speeds that can be attained. Whereas both ICC Vega™ and ICC Alpha™ feature custom cooling technology, ICC Alpha™ is the premium offering, exhibits unprecedented cooling in the server space, and can surpass the clock speeds of the ICC Vega™ overclocked servers. ICC Alpha™ is Fast to the core™. To find out more about ICC Alpha™, visit http://www.icc-usa.com. Media Contact Alex Leites 8478473924 ***@icc-usa.com End Source : International Computer Concepts (ICC) Email : ***@icc-usa.com Listed Under- Tags : Overclocking, Servers, High-frequency Trading Industry : Finance Location : Northbrook - Illinois - United States Subject : Products A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse International Computer Concepts PRs ICC Partners with CDW to Meet Industry Needs ICC Retains Title as Proprietor of World's Fastest 1U Server with Updated Product Line International Computer Concepts Releases New Line of Fast Overclocked Servers Trending News AEFIS Ranked in Top 100 — Philadelphia Region's Best Peerless-AV® to Showcase Innovative Workplace Communication Solutions at CorpComm Expo 2016 WDNP Networks gears up for the American Music Awards BriskHeat Expands Product Offering with New Self-Regulating Heating Cable Line and Connection Kits Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes Top Daily News Aftermath Services awards $5000 K9 Grant to Alamogordo Police Department - 595 views Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes - 319 views The Ken Blanchard Companies® Wins 2016 Top Workplaces Award - 246 views Power Design Earns Gold for Innovative Technology Partnership - 166 views HRO Today Announces Winners of 2016 Annual Awards EMEA - 158 views Top Weekly News President-elect Donald Trump Recognizes Homeschool Movement - 62207 views Detroit actor relishes role, respects his character in 'Wild Faith' - 3748 views Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 766 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 537 views Beyond Tablet Honored with CES 2017 Innovation Award - 536 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 311 views Fisher, Felton, Lloyd, Amell Top Celebrities At Wizard World New Orleans, January 6-8, 2017 - 218 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 200 views PM&E Inc. Is Pleased To Announce a Purchase Order for an EVADA A4 Ambulance - 174 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 152 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Get Feeds | Get Alerted | For Bloggers | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
close × Are you getting the best rate from your broker? Compare your broker's rates now to find out if you can save money Choose your broker below Thank you for selecting your broker We are redirecting you to the Broker Center now Vanguard Fidelity TD Ameritrade E-Trade Other close × Welcome to ETFdb.com. Please help us personalize your experience. Select the one that best describes you Thank you for your submission, we hope you enjoy your experience Individual Investor Institutional Investor Financial Advisor ALERT November 2016 ETF Edge Just Released - Download Now Pricing Free Sign Up Login Database Screener Newsletter Free Tools News ETFdb PRO ETF Research Market Catalysts Trump's Victory Rising Interest Rates Italy EU Exit Yuan Devaluation Old Market Catalysts If Hillary Clinton Wins ETF Investing 101 ETF Industry ETF Investing ETF Trading Strategies ETF Tax Efficiency Expertise & Resources Q&A Interviews Investor Tools & Resources ETFdb.com Categories Income Investing Retirement Advice Dividend ETFs Fixed Income ETFs Equity Investing Equity ETFs Technology ETFs Financials ETFs Emerging Markets ETFs International ETFs Energy Investing Oil & Natural Gas ETFs Energy ETFs MLP ETFs Alternative Investing Precious Metals ETFs Commodity ETFs Real Estate ETFs Volatility ETFs Currency ETFs Currency Hedged ETFs Actively Managed ETFs Geared Investing Leveraged ETFs Inverse ETFs Popular ETFs QQQ VOO VTI GDX FV IWM BND XLE TLT IBB GLD WDIV QID SHY Advisor Center Practice Management Portfolio Management Trump's Victory Pricing Free Sign Up Login ETFdb.com Premium Forgot Password? Follow ETFdb.com Home Database Screener Newsletter Free Tools News ETFdb PRO ETF Research Market Catalysts Trump's Victory Rising Interest Rates Italy EU Exit Yuan Devaluation Old Market Catalysts If Hillary Clinton Wins ETF Investing 101 ETF Industry ETF Investing ETF Trading Strategies ETF Tax Efficiency Expertise & Resources Q&A Interviews Investor Tools & Resources ETFdb.com Categories Income Investing Retirement Advice Dividend ETFs Fixed Income ETFs Equity Investing Equity ETFs Technology ETFs Financials ETFs Emerging Markets ETFs International ETFs Energy Investing Oil & Natural Gas ETFs Energy ETFs MLP ETFs Alternative Investing Precious Metals ETFs Commodity ETFs Real Estate ETFs Volatility ETFs Currency ETFs Currency Hedged ETFs Actively Managed ETFs Geared Investing Leveraged ETFs Inverse ETFs Popular ETFs QQQ VOO VTI GDX FV IWM BND XLE TLT IBB GLD WDIV QID SHY Advisor Center Practice Management Portfolio Management Trump's Victory Trending on ETFdb.com: Theresa May’s Hard Brexit Hint Hits the Pound News Share Trending on ETFdb.com: Theresa May’s Hard Brexit Hint Hits the Pound Iuri StrutaOct 06, 2016 2016-10-06 ETFdb.com analyzes the search patterns of our visitors each week. By sharing these trends with our readers, we hope to provide insights into what the financial world is concerned about and how to position your portfolio. This week investors have been surprised by Theresa May’s strong suggestion that her government will focus on immigration rather than business interests in the upcoming Brexit talks, negatively impacting the British pound. Elsewhere on the list, semiconductors have been boosted by Apple’s newly launched iPhone 7, while OPEC’s surprising production freeze underpinned oil prices. Finally, Amazon garnered interest for its market consolidation move, and Deutsche Bank’s woes directed attention to the Financials sector. British Pound: May’s Anti-Immigration Message Sparks Sell-off U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May strongly suggested in a recent speech that her government will push for a so-called hard Brexit, sending the British pound to 31-year lows and sparking our readers’ interest. Traffic for the currency surged as much as 413% over the past week, as bewildered investors watched May’s speech in dismay. Guggenheim’s British Pound Sterling Trust (FXB A-) dropped more than 2% since last Thursday until Wednesday’s close, extending year-to-date losses to a staggering 13.7%. May’s stance on Brexit took investors by surprise. She signaled a departure from the small government policies of her predecessor David Cameron, clearly suggesting that immigration will dominate the upcoming negotiations with the European Union. Although May said business interests are paramount to Britain’s success, she downplayed the importance of the banking sector, which is apparently closer than ever to losing its so-called passporting rights when Brexit completes. May seemingly has taken a broader message from the referendum and looks set to change course from a business-oriented government to a social one. The Prime Minister has also been reported to refuse to prioritize financial services’ interests in negotiations with the EU, setting the stage for a more dramatic post-Brexit change than previously thought by investors. Banks were quick to warn on Tuesday that about 70,000 jobs and $13 billion in taxes were at risk, if they aren’t able to sell their services across the European Union. But that message is unlikely to sway a strikingly decisive May. Semiconductors: Thanks iPhone 7 Semiconductor ETFs have seen their traffic surge as much as 70% this week, far behind the British pound. Semiconductor companies are in great demand from investors at the moment. For example, VanEck Vectors Semiconductor (SMH A-) jumped about 2.6% since last Thursday, extending year-to-date gains to as much as 30%. Semiconductor stocks have been boosted following reports by Apple (AAPL) that pre-orders for its latest product – iPhone 7 – were strong. Cirrus Logic (CRUS) and Skyworks Solutions (SWKS), both Apple suppliers, were among the best performers. However, many stocks, including blue-chips such as Intel (INTC), have been getting a lot of interest from short sellers lately, suggesting the sector is overheating. Oil and Gas: OPEC Lends a Hand to U.S. Fracking Rivals OPEC’s surprising production cut agreement has enticed readers towards the oil and gas sector, which posted a rise in traffic of 68%. Although it was surely not intended, OPEC seems to have given a much-needed lifeline to distressed U.S. shale companies, as the subsequent rise in oil prices could give U.S. producers more confidence and make them a touch more aggressive than they had planned. A rise in rig efficiency and an unexpected $60 per barrel could embolden investors who have stayed away from oil and gas companies to finally get in the market. Those wanting to partake in a revival of the industry have SPDR S&P Oil & Gas Exploration & Production ETF (XOP B+) as a primary option. The ETF has risen nearly 4% over the past five days, and is up 29% since the beginning of the year. With OPEC seemingly prepared to take action, many shale plays that have become unprofitable during this bearish period will once again be open for business, leading to a corresponding bump in U.S. output. Amazon Prime Gets Boosted The introduction of Prime Reading aroused interest in Amazon (AMZN), as traffic increased by 60% over the past week. The new service grants access to a plethora of Kindle books, magazines, short works and other top products, all without supplementary cost. And since no Kindle is required, Prime membership is expected to spike, thus consolidating Amazon’s positions in the face of competitors like Alphabet (GOOG). Analysts hiked the stock’s price target, citing strong growth for Amazon Prime loyalty service as well as compelling growth in net income, robust revenue growth and expanding profit margins. Amazon continuously tries to add features to incentivize new Prime subscribers. Growth in Prime membership is key for the company, as analysts’ surveys have also found that Prime members tend to spend far more on the platform than non-subscribers. To this end, Consumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLY A) is an option to play the upcoming improvement in Amazon’s balance sheet. Despite a low 3.2% year-to-date performance, Consumer Discretionary Select offers exposure to a sector that is set to regain investor appeal. Financials: Fears of Contagion Escalate Investors seeking clues as to whether Deutsche Bank’s troubles will spread contagion toward U.S. financials have sparked a 57% rise in viewership week-over-week. Both the European Central Bank and Bank of Japan are firmly planted at the dovish end of the policy spectrum, sporting negative rates and pursuing large-scale asset purchase programs. These policies hurt bank profitability and have largely failed so far to boost their respective economies and get inflation off the zero bound. However, the German lender’s struggle seems contained to Europe. Although acknowledged as a net contributor to systemic risk to the global financial system, it is not clear at the moment whether Deutsche Bank is actually in such a distressed situation as to pose a real threat to financial markets. Investors are thus advised to keep a close eye on the bank’s credit default swaps’ movements, as well as future developments regarding the recently disclosed U.S. Department of Justice investigation into mortgage-backed securities misselling. Investors seeking a targeted exposure to the U.S. Financials sector have the Vanguard Financials (VFH A+) at hand. With around 500 individual securities in the underlying portfolio and about 25% exposure to real estate, Vanguard Financials is the go-to option for investing in the banking sector through a risk-adjusted strategy. The Bottom Line The British pound garnered the most attention from our readers, as it continued its downward spiral following Prime Minister Theresa May’s hardline remarks on immigration. Semiconductors have been in the spotlight for their surprising ascent lately, but the performance attracted short sellers. Amazon has continued to grow and consolidate its business, while the oil and gas sector has gotten an unexpected boost from OPEC, which agreed to a production cut. Finally, Financials has been on investors’ minds for fears Deutsche Bank’s issues may spread contagion. By analyzing how you, our valued readers, search our property each week, we hope to uncover important trends that will help you understand how the market is behaving so you can fine-tune your investment strategy. At the end of the week, we’ll share these trends, giving you better insight into the relevant market events that will allow you to make more valuable decisions for your portfolio. Get Email Updates Subscribe to receive FREE updates, insights and more, straight to your inbox Popular Articles Sponsored Best Online Brokers 2016-10-13 At ETFdb.com a large portion of our readership is of a discerning, self-directed nature. As such,... PRO News Buy on the Dip Prospects: November 14 Edition Jiva KalanNov 14, 2016 2016-11-14 Below is a look at ETFs that currently offer attractive buying opportunities. The ETFs included... PRO News Sell on the Pop Prospects: November 14 Edition Jiva KalanNov 14, 2016 2016-11-14 Here is a look at ETFs that currently offer attractive short selling opportunities. The ETFs... Loading Articles... Knowledge Centers Help & Info Contact Us About Us Mission Statement Sitemap ETFdb.com in the News Tools ETF Screener ETF Analyzer Mutual Fund to ETF Converter Head-To-Head ETF Comparison ETF Country Exposure Tool ETF Stock Exposure Tool ETFdb.com Realtime Ratings Model Portfolios More Tools ETF Analytics ETF Launch Center ETF Friendly Advisors Financial Advisor & RIA Center ETFdb.com RSS Feed Data & Licensing ETFdb.com iOS App ETFdb.com Android App Explore ETFs ETF Picks of the Month ETF Category Reports Premium Articles Monthly Newsletter Alphabetical Listing of ETFs Best ETFs Browse ETFs by ETFdb.com Category Browse ETFs by Index Browse ETFs by Issuer Compare ETFs ETFdb.com 60 ETF Library ETFdb.com TV Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Follow ETFdb.com Follow ETFdb.com Mitre Media Advertise With Us © 2016 Mitre Media × Close Free ETFdb.com Newsletter Get the latest ETF news, analysis, and commentary from the independent authority on ETFs. Subscribe to the ETFdb.com Daily Roundup today. Actionable ETF Investment Ideas Analysis of Every New ETF ETF News and Head-to-Head Comparisons We Respect Your Privacy × Close Advertisement Close × Close Wait! Is your portfolio protected for what the markets will bring this fall? ETF Investing The Low-Risk “All-Weather” Portfolio Joel Kranc 2015-10-20 Creating a properly diversified portfolio can be a difficult proposition, especially when... ETF Investing Low Volatility ETF List Low Volatility ETFs invest in securities with low volatility characteristics. These funds tend to have relatively stable share prices, and higher than average yields. ETF Investing 10 ETFs for Risk Reduction in Your Portfolio Bob Ciura 2016-03-22 Investors who suspect that the stock market may be about to decline can take action to reduce the... Close } X
Ir a contenido principal Noticias/ Artículos/ Opiniones/ Galerías y trucos Todas las Reviews Smartphones/ Apps/ Tablets/ Software/ Laptops/ Gaming/ PCMag Latam | Laptops | Galería PCMag Latam Laptops Joel Santo Domingo Asus ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) Frente Asus ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) Aunque es una de las laptops más delgadas y ligeras que hemos visto, la ágil Asus ZenBook 3 aún logra brindar sorprendente duración de batería y desempeño con su procesador Intel "Kaby Lake" Core i7. Frente La Asus ZenBook 3 es una de las laptops más ligeras que hemos reseñado. A 893g, viene con capacidades de Intel Core i7. Galerías relacionadas Apple MacBook Pro de 15" (con Touch Bar) Apple MacBook Pro de 13" (con Touch Bar) Microsoft Surface Book (2016, Intel Core i7) HP ZBook Studio G3 Por Joel Santo Domingo Lead Analyst Joel Santo Domingo is the Lead Analyst for the Desktops team at PC Magazine Labs. He joined PC Magazine in 2000, after 7 years of IT work for companies large and small. His background includes managing mobile, desktop and network infrastructure on both the Macintosh and Windows platforms. Joel is proof that you can escape the retail grind: he wore a yellow polo shirt early in his tech career. Along the way Joel earned a BA in English Literature and an MBA in Information Technology from Rutgers University. He is responsible for overseeing PC Labs testing, as well as formulating new test methodologies for the PC Hardware team. Along with his team, Joel won the ASBPE Northeast Region Gold award of Excellence for Technical Articles in 2005. Joel cut his tech teeth on the Atari 2600, TRS-80, and the Mac Plus. He’s built countless DIY systems, including a deconstructed “desktop” PC nailed to a wall and a DIY laptop that recently received a SSD upgrade. He’s played with most consumer electronics technologies, but the two he’d most like to own next are a Salamander broiler and a BMW E39 M5. Más artículos por Joel Santo Domingo Apple MacBook Pro de 15" (con Touch Bar) La MacBook Pro de 15" de gama alta es ahora más delgada y más capaz, además viene equipada con la ... Apple MacBook Pro de 13" (con Touch Bar) La nueva y elegante Touch Bar añade innovación genuina a la bien diseñada y poderosa MacBook Pro de 13", pero ... Apple MacBook Pro de 13" (con Touch Bar) La nueva y elegante Touch Bar añade innovación genuina a la bien diseñada y poderosa MacBook Pro de 13", pero ... HP ZBook Studio G3 La HP ZBook Studio G3 es una estación de trabajo móvil y delgada que tiene el poder para contentar a ... Ver más + Galerías de PCMag 11 tips de Tinder para ayudarte a encontrar el amor verdadero (o algo así) Deslízate a través de estos tips y trucos amorosos. Apple MacBook Pro de 15" (con Touch Bar) La MacBook Pro de 15" de gama alta es ahora más delgada ... Nueve consejos esenciales de WhatsApp para los fans del chat WhatsApp ya tiene más de mil millones de usuarios; te decimos cómo ... June Intelligent Oven El horno inteligente de June es un electrodoméstico culinario smart que te ... Apple MacBook Pro de 13" (con Touch Bar) La nueva y elegante Touch Bar añade innovación genuina a la bien ... Sobre nosotros Sobre PCMag Latinoamérica Anúnciate Políticas de Privacidad Legales Cookies Conéctate a nuestra red PCMag en todo el mundo IGN Latinoamérica AskMen Latinoamérica Ediciones internacionales PCMag EEUU Reino Unido Australia Benelux Francia Grecia India Latin America Medio Oriente Portugal Rusia Social Facebook Twitter Google Plus Ad © 2016 ZiffDavis, LLC PCMag Latinoamérica es un sitio operado por Publimetro
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Microsoft Surface battery life: New updates again target Surface Pro 4, Book power issues Amid speculation about a possible Surface all-in-one launch, Microsoft has delivered updates to improve battery life on some existing Surface models. By Liam Tung | October 6, 2016 -- 10:18 GMT (03:18 PDT) | Topic: Laptops Microsoft's latest firmware update aims to boost battery life for the Surface Pro 4, as well as for the Surface Book. Image: Microsoft Microsoft has a bunch of performance improvements in September firmware updates for Surface Pro 4, Surface Book, and Surface 3 devices. For the Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book, the update carries Microsoft's latest efforts to chip away at the models' battery-life challenges and deliver a five-star instead of a three-star experience. Microsoft spent much of this year attempting to knock over the two models' restless sleep problems linked to the Connected Standby feature. September's driver updates aim to take its battery life and power management to the next level. Owners of both models can access the September driver updates by checking updates in Windows or viewing the device's Windows update history, Microsoft notes on its Surface blog for IT Pros. Microsoft Surface Book review: High-quality premium-priced 2-in-1 hybrid Interesting design ideas, solid construction and a high-end specification make Microsoft's first hybrid laptop an intriguing option at the more expensive end of the market. Read More Microsoft has two battery-boosting driver updates for Surface Integration, with one that optimizes screen brightness when the device wakes up from sleep or hibernation. There are also two new drivers for Surface Integration Service Device that target power management when applying updates and changing power states. Similarly, a new driver for the Surface UEFI targets stability and performance improvements when switching between power states. It also features two non-power related updates. A new Intel Precise Device driver will improve the stability of the Surface Pro 4's touch after waking up from sleep or hibernation mode. And finally, users should also find it easier to pair the Surface Pen with the Surface device. The September driver updates for Surface Book are identical to those for the Surface Pro 4, with the exception of an update to Surface DTX, which "optimizes log file storage space management". Microsoft has also released a smaller number of driver updates for the Surface 3 and Surface 3 LTE models, including AT&T, non-AT&T, Verizon, and non-North American variants. These updates should improve modem stability and are available for Surface 3s running Windows 10 and Windows 8.1. Details and download links are available on Microsoft's blog. Although Intel has released its new Kaby Lake processors, Microsoft isn't expected to release a successor to the Surface Pro 4 until next year. However, its current lineup of portable Surface devices may be joined by the rumored Cardinal Surface all-in-one, which may include a new Surface-styled keyboard. Read more on Microsoft Surface Could there be a Surface keyboard to go with the rumored Surface All-in-One? Microsoft's Surface all-in-one PC said to headline October hardware launch Six months with the Surface Pro 4: Patches, lappability, and battery life are key Microsoft Surface Book review: High-quality premium-priced 2-in-1 hybrid Microsoft Surface: Microsoft boosts investment in enterprise plan Microsoft says new Surface Pro 3 battery issue not caused by software update TechRepublic: From the iPhone to the Microsoft Surface: The tech powered by ARM CNET: Surface Pro 5: What we know about the specs, price and release date of the next Microsoft tablet Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Samsung gives Black Friday sneak peek of laptop, Galaxy tablet deals Microsoft Microsoft Black Friday preview promises deals on Surface devices, Windows laptops Laptops Top Windows 10-powered alternatives to the MacBook Pro Apple If you want a MacBook Pro with a Touch Bar, you have to wait until Christmas × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Tech Transportation Uber Didi, the ride-hail company that beat Uber in China, is working on self-driving cars What else are you going to do after scoring $1 billion from Apple? by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Oct 6, 2016, 10:45am EDT share tweet Linkedin Didi Chuxing Didi Chuxing, the Chinese ride-hail behemoth that is a key ally of Apple and most recently took over Uber’s business in China, is working on developing self-driving cars, according to Bloomberg Businessweek. The company is reportedly scouring Silicon Valley for data scientists and engineers, and Didi co-founder and CEO Cheng Wei has had talks with Gansha Wu, the former director of Intel Labs in China and founder of a Beijing-based driverless car startup called UiSee Technology. (UiSee plans to unveil its self-driving technology at CES in 2017.) Whether that means Didi will acquire UiSee Technology, much in the way General Motors bought Cruise Automation or Uber purchased autonomous trucking startup Otto, remains to be seen. Will Didi be sharing self-driving tech with Apple? The news that Didi is pursuing autonomous driving technology isn’t that surprising. All the major players in the transportation sector, from car makers to internet search companies to ride-hail networks, are locked in a tight race to bring driverless cars to the public. But most experts agree that we won’t be seeing these vehicles on the road in any significant numbers for a decade or more. It’s also a sign of an emboldened Didi, which is riding high after buying out Uber’s Chinese business in early August. The deal put an end to a very expensive, high-stakes battle between the two ride-hail companies over the lucrative Chinese market. It also valued Didi at a whopping $35 billion, which includes a $1 billion investment from Apple. It’s unclear whether Didi’s pursuit of self-driving technology will involve any technology sharing with Apple. We’ve reached out to both companies for clarification and will update this story if we hear back. Didi will need to work fast if it wants to catch up with its competitors. China is already becoming a major staging ground for self-driving cars, with Volvo recently announcing it plans to put 100 such cars in the hands of regular people in the country. Meanwhile, Baidu, the Chinese search company, has been testing its own self-driving vehicles at home and in California. Meanwhile, Southeast Asia’s big ride-hailing company Grab recently announced it was teaming up with self-driving startup nuTonomy to start its own limited, public test of self-driving cars in Singapore last month. And now that Didi plans to join the self-driving race, the competition is sure to heat up. In this Storystream Self-driving cars: Google and others map the road to automated vehicles Uber’s self-driving truck company just completed its first shipment: 50,000 cans of Budweiser Didi, the ride-hail company that beat Uber in China, is working on self-driving cars Self-driving cars will have to pry the steering wheel from our cold, dead hands, poll says View all 76 stories Next Up In Transportation The new Mercedes-Maybach S 650 could be the ultimate luxury convertible Intel says it will spend $250 million to develop self-driving cars How an auto show about the future will deal with Trump BMW is expanding its car-sharing service to Brooklyn A 98-foot-wide sinkhole in Japan was repaired in one week This tiny supersonic jet could be the next generation Concorde Now Trending Google PhotoScan turns your prints into high-quality digital images The OnePlus 3T is a souped-up version of the OnePlus 3 DJI introduces Pro edition of its Phantom 4 drone This Article has a component height of 10. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Apple Tech Apple Music will stream 808 drum machine documentary first by Rich McCormick Apple has negotiated a deal with the creators of 808 — a documentary about the seminal Roland TR-808 drum machine — for exclusive streaming rights through Apple Music. The documentary will appear on Apple’s music service first, on December 9th,... Tech Facebook Now you can use Facebook Messenger in Android Auto by Rich McCormick Facebook Messenger can now integrate with Android Auto, the social network announced today, allowing users of the infotainment platform to hear and reply to messages from friends while driving their cars. In order to use the new feature, you’ll... New, 3 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week by Nick Statt@nickstatt It may be nigh impossible to purchase Nintendo’s NES Classic Edition console right this very second, with stock shortages and sell outs at Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop and many other retailers. But have hope. Once a day, for a few minutes before... New, 7 comments TL;DR Apple Web Apple’s peach emoji is back to looking like a butt by Megan Farokhmanesh@Megan_Nicolett The nerfed peach butt emoji included as part of Apple’s iOS 10.2 update is gone. As spotted today by The Next Web, the third 10.2 developer beta returns the fruit to its curvaceous glory. The peach emoji is, of course, a go-to for anyone who... Google Tech Google CEO says fake news is a problem and should not be distributed by Colin Lecher In an interview with the BBC, Google CEO Sundar Pichai made his first comments on the post-election fake news controversy, and admitted the company has made some mistakes. “We will definitely work to fix it.” "It is important to remember that we... Apps Mobile Business Snapchat just filed for its IPO by Nick Statt@nickstatt Snap Inc., the parent company of Snapchat, has filed confidentially for its initial public offering, according to a report from Bloomberg. The company is seeking to raise as much as $4 billion, which would give it a valuation of between $25... New, 13 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe design-reuse.cn | design-reuse-embedded.com | design-reuse-enterprise.com | About D&R | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products 2x2 Repeater HDCP 2 on HDMI & Display Port Embedded Security Module 12-bit 120-MSPS IQ SAR ADC Comprehensive IP solutions for AMBA 3 AXI and AMBA 2.0 Protocols INSIDE Secure SafeXcel-IP-32 Basic AES Accelerator Family News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News Brite Semiconductor Announces DDR4 IP Achieve 2400 Mbps on SMIC 40nm Process Tuesday Nov. 15, 2016 Siemens to expand its digital industrial leadership with acquisition of Mentor Graphics Monday Nov. 14, 2016 Creonic Delivers New CCSDS LDPC Forward Error Correction IP Core Thursday Nov. 10, 2016 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles Do SoC Architects Have to Get Physical? Monday Nov. 14, 2016 A Look at New Open Standards to Improve Reliability and Redundancy of Automotive Ethernet Thursday Nov. 10, 2016 Adaptive Rate Control Algorithm Monday Oct. 31, 2016 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs IP-SoC 2016: IP Innovation, Foundries, IoT and Security SemiWiki - Eric Esteve US Plans To Scupper China's Chip Ambitions Mannerisms - David Manners Is FPGA Intel Next Big Thing for IoT ? SemiWiki - Eric Esteve Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2016 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles EE Slashes CPU Design Cost 4.5B transistor tapeout for less than $1M Rick Merritt, EETimes 10/5/2016 00:01 AM EDT SAN JOSE, Calif. — One engineer, with a little help from contractors, taped out in less than a year a 4.5 billion transistor chip that on paper kicks out more GFlops/mm2 than Intel’s top-end processors. Andreas Olofsson says the Adapteva Epiphany-V shows a hundred-fold efficiency gain in the way chips can be designed. Some of Olofsson’s gains come from the fact the research chip employs a single core replicated 1,024 times and much of the IP is an evolution from prior designs. Nevertheless, the chip used a state-of-the art 16FF+ TSMC process and fits into a compact 117mm2. Click here to read more ... E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page Search Silicon IP 16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors   Related News Lattice Slashes Cost, Speeds Development of Mobile Devices With New Plug-In-&-Go USB iCEstick FPGA Evaluation Kit ChipX Slashes Cost of System-on-Chip Development With Hybrid ASIC Imagination and Actions strengthen partnership on MIPS CPUs Imagination rolls out new 'Heterogeneous Inside & Out' MIPS CPU MagnaChip Announces Cost Competitive 0.13 micron Slim Flash Process Technology   Breaking News Packet Introduces Global ARMv8-A Bare Metal Cloud to Power Container and IoT Workloads Imagination Technologies Adopts Synopsys STAR Memory System for Embedded Memory Test and Repair for New MIPS Processor SMIC and IMECAS Sign A Cooperation Agreement for MEMS R&D and Foundry Platform Brite Semiconductor Announces DDR4 IP Achieve 2400 Mbps on SMIC 40nm Process Real Intent Announces Meridian RDC, a New Product for Reset Domain Crossing Sign-off   See Latest News >> Most Popular Siemens to expand its digital industrial leadership with acquisition of Mentor Graphics Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race Denso to launch joint research on multithreaded CPU cores with Imagination Technologies Socionext Announces New Low-Power, Scalable ARM-based Multi-Core Processor SoC Xilinx Reconfigurable Acceleration Stack Delivers Fastest Path to 2-6x Compute Efficiency over FPGA Competition   See the Top 20 >> EETimes © 2016 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Linux Bitcoin Blockchain Business Hyperledger chain gang man explains Penguins' blockchain play Group cultivating Bitcoin's serious cousin 6 Oct 2016 at 13:42, Gavin Clarke Gavin Clarke Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cloud, Apple, Microsoft, Google, Oracle Recent Articles OpenStack-flinger Mirantis signs landmark NTT deal UK fintech firm reaches for Ireland Brexit escape hatch Google lights toasty price war under S3's hot and cold data bits LinuxCon, Berlin Jim Zemlin raises an eyebrow when I say Hyperledger is rather outside Linux Foundation's usual domain, being a bit, er, consumery. “It’s totally enterprise,” the Foundation's executive director tells me. “It’s infrastructure.” Just like Linux, he reckons. Hyperledger is the layer above the operating system, above Linux. Linux is the Linux Foundation’s oldest and hardest of hard-core projects - a technology fundamental that drives economies. The Foundation went beyond Linux ages ago and in 2015 it set a record in starting new projects – 13, nearly half the Foundation’s total. 2016 has seen seven so far – network switch, network analytics and small footprint real time operating systems. The most intriguing is Hyperledger with 30 founding members including IBM who kick-started things donating chunks of its Blockchain code under an ASF licence. For an industry with notoriously poor long-term memory, it’s worth remembering IBM kickstarted the Eclipse open-source tooling framework similarly in the early 2000s. Eclipse succeeded in gutting an entire IDE industry and ended up becoming the open framework tools alternative to Microsoft’s Visual Studio. Hyperledger takes the Blockchain digital ledger asset used in Bitcoin and seeks to turn it into a distributed, secure record of transactions for business - and more. There’s talk of recording not just business transactions, but tracking the provenance of items such as fish and blood diamonds and providing a platform for medical data. Hyperledger is the Foundation’s fastest growing project: after just sit months, there are 85 members - August saw a rush of 17 – with more than 100 contributors. Beyond IBM and corporate familiars like Intel, Fujitsu and Red Hat there are some blue chip names - Deutsche Boerse, JP Morgan and Wells Fargo. Hyperledger executive director lead Brian Behlendorf, the silver-haired Apache web server daddy, says the project has attracted people completely new to the Foundation, too - in startups and fintech. Why? After all, of the two – Bitcoin and Blockchain - it’s the former that’s landed the headlines of a tech and national press desperate for the next big thing. Blockchain has resonated, unlike Bitcoin, precisely because of its familiarity - the ledger - only in a format that promises radical change according to Behlendorf. Financial services like blockchains because they raise the prospect translations can be fulfilled in the same real-time way as they are sealed. Today, when you transfer money online to somebody’s account, sure, you get a notification, but it’s a virtual transaction - the actual money still takes days to actually move between accounts. Hyper-quick cash transfer Blockchain and Hyperledger promises to compact that transfer process, speeding up procedures in transfer and authorisation and doing it securely and to scale. “Some of the early crypto currency experts came across as we have come from Pluto and you have to buy into a bunch of assumptions to get there - that was a big bridge for many,” he told The Reg at LinuxCon. “The lack of dynamic, business friendly leadership hindered its adoption.” “Crypto currency will always have difficulty being accepted in a world of regulation. But [Hyperledger] is a much more immediate connection to systems that they [companies] already have.” The private sector certainly seems intent on something Blockchain-like and devs are responding with Ethereum, Multichain and Eris, too. And their interest hasn’t abated despite recent problems for Ethereum that gave digital block chains a bad rep when it was hacked and $89m pinched. Ethereum was hacked in early summer yet Hyperledger got those 17 new recruits just after in August. Behlendorf reckons firms are learning, and they realised the different between permissioned ledgers and unpermissioned types. The former comprises a known group of permissions givers but with the latter, members can come and go. Hyperledger can do both. But Behlendorf doesn’t dismiss the security risks. The prospect of writing confidential data in big, public stores won’t appeal to very many while there’s the prospect highly records could be cracked using, should it ever materialise, quantum computing. “The most important thing we can do is demonstrate competent development processes, peer review of both architecture and underlying implementation, test suites and security processes, and most importantly, running code in production. That's the trajectory for Fabric and STL [Sawtooth Lake],” he said. The most immediate problem for businesses picking a blockchain technology is the one endemic to open source: proliferation, forking and knowing who to bet on. The Ethereum currency was forked following the hack. “It made it a challenge to convince banks that this was a network they wanted to participate in,” Behlendorf noted. The Foundation believes Hyperledger can avoid forks that might arise through inter personal politics or other disagreements. It claims its standard “IP neutral zone” for Hyperledger and unity in that Hyperledger’s sub projects use exactly the same open-source licence (Apache 2.0). The hope is that with more members comes critical mass. That’s important as Behlendorf’s hope is he can build a system that wraps in other open-source components and other projects that build out Hyperledger. Hyperledger currently consists of two projects: Fabric, a layer for components to plug into, and Sawtooth Lake - a consensus algorithm and that originated from Intel. Both are early but Fabric is already used in pilots - the fundamentals of a chain and smart contracts are already there it’s a question of performance, Behlendorf said. The plan is for Fabric 1.0 within six to nine months. Areas of work include making Fabric capable of supporting permissionless systems. The challenge is governance - the length of the chain can become unwieldy to manage while authorisation that’s done in the CPU can thrash the processor. Another area is encryption libraries that mean participants can view just parts of a transaction, say an account summary, rather view all the data in a transaction behind that transaction. Portable identities is on the list – so members’ identities to work across different chains without need for multiple log ins or different IDs - and smart contract engines. Behlendorf sees potential for homomorphic encryption where computations are be carried out in cipher text and when decrypted match the results in plaintext. Also, he’s interested in zero knowledge proofs where statements can be authorised as true without providing evidence. Other technologies of interest are a browser UI – you currently navigate using a command line and - and having libraries and SDKs work with Python and Java. Behlendorf’s goal is to bring projects together. But how to make the right choices and stop going down dead ends or dismissing projects that have potential in an area filled with that Siren-like mix of potential, enthusiasm and ideas endemic to “the new” in tech? “We do need to be about these communities doing experiments but as they pan out saying ‘finally’. This is my long game that there is a common fabric that does work best for 99 per cent of cases,” Behlendorf says. “I resonate with the innovators trying something high risk, highly divergent from today. If we can apply objective methods to it and become its champion, I feel that’s the way go to.” Ultimately, however, it will be for the marketplace to pick what works - that is those deploying Hyperledger and building the code in the real world. “For me I want to build that marketplace of idea and projects and back the winners,” Behlendorf says. In other words, just like Linux. ® Sponsored: 10 Reasons LinuxONE is the best choice for Linux workloads Tips and corrections 1 Comment Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight The sharks of AI will attack expensive and scarce workers faster than they eat drivers Testing times: Between some IoT code and a hard place CIOs: VDI? Maybe, just maybe, it really will be different this time... Power to the (outsourced) people – globalisation starts small Brexit judgment could be hit for six by those crazy Supreme Court judges, says barrister Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board Lessons from the Mini: Before revamping or rebooting anything, please read this Hardware ain't hard, money is: Crowdfunding, bootstraps and startups Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Laptops Asus ROG G752VS, ROG Strix GL502VS gaming laptops land in India Laptops Asus ROG G752VS, ROG Strix GL502VS gaming laptops land in India By Bindu Nair - Asus has officially launched two new additions to its Republic of Gamers (ROG) series of gaming laptops in India. The ROG G752VS and ROG Strix GL502VS will be available via both offline and online outlets across the country. The Asus ROG G752VS and ROG Strix GL502VS have been blessed with NVIDIA GeForce GTX 10-series graphics cards which the company claims make the two ready to take on VR. The devices also ship with NVIDIA’s G-Sync technology which apparently cuts down on lag and shutter. It further gets rid of visual tearing to make way for a smooth gaming experience. Diving into the ROG G752VS first, the 17.3-inch FHD notebook is priced at Rs 247990. Specs-wise, it runs on Windows 10 Pro and a 6th generation Intel Skylake Unlocked i7 processor which comes equipped with an overclocking toolkit which lets users tune the system up to 4GHz. They’ll also get to take advantage of up to 64GB of DDR4 RAM and a backlit anti-ghosting keyboard with 30-key rollover. One of the top highlights of the Asus device is its dedicated cooling modules for the CPU and GPU. The offering also features a unique thermal design which keeps dust away from internal components. Dual copper heat pipes and the ROG-exclusive 3D Vapor Chamber work together to decrease the GPU temperature by 7°C. Also See: Asus ZenFone 3 (ZE552KL) Review: If looks could kill As for the ROG Strix GL502VS, the product will set interested buyers back by Rs 181990. The notebook’s main headline-grapping aspect is its portable design, weighing in at 2.3kg and measuring 30.1mm in terms of height. It sports a 15.6-inch wide-view panel and can be stuffed with up to 32GB of DDR4 RAM. It also comes with support for Asus’ GameFirst III technology for lag-free online gaming. TAGS Asus Asus ROG G752VS Asus ROG Strix GL502VS Price specs SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleApple starts displaying ads in App Store search results Next articleNew Pokemon Go feature makes it easier to catch rare Pokemon Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Microsoft confirms Office apps for Android will get Chrome OS support Microsoft’s offering $650 off if you trade your MacBook for a Surface Razer’s VR-ready Blade Pro packs a mechanical keyboard, Nvidia GTX 1080 246,405FansLike 13,739FollowersFollow 12,913SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More OLED, 5.5-inch LCD iPhone 8 to have dual cameras Bindu Nair - Nov 16, 2016 0 OnePlus 3T goes official with Snapdragon 821 SoC, 3400mAh battery Bindu Nair - Nov 16, 2016 0 Apple to launch SOS button for iPhone in India Bindu Nair - Nov 15, 2016 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016

​​ Singletrack Mountain Bike Magazine Subscribe Buy Issue 109 Home Magazines Forums Reviews Columns Partners Shop Trail Guide Subscribe Oakley Radar Pace combine Siri and Mr Motivator The tech world is all about wearable products these days! Computing giants are fighting over one another to get their latest tech attached to our wrists, heads and even feet (yes, ‘smart shoes’ are a thing). Being that Oakley are regarded as the leaders in performance eyewear, it makes perfect sense that they should try and combine their know-how with new tech to build a pair of smart-glasses. Working with Intel and Luxottica Group, the trio has created the Radar Pace glasses. For the unimaginative of you out there try to think of them as Google Glasses crossed with Mr Motivator, and you’ll already have an idea what they are capable of. Is it just us, or do those earbuds look like little frog legs? The connected piece of tech has built-in earbuds to give the wearer useful coaching information and pass on current stats as spoken word. As you would expect from a modern wearable, the Radar Pace can also understand spoken commands too, making them a completely hands-free device. “Ok, Radar” followed by a question or command is enough to get your gigs (more slang words for glasses can be found here) gabbing. Included external sensors connect to the glasses and an app (for Android or iOS) to track activity and, if need be, make on the fly changes to workouts to get the most out of your training. Yes, they are water resistant and play music too! Obviously, the smart tech is only part of the package, and being an Oakley product also means you get a high-quality set of lenses too. Oakley ship the futuristic wearable with their own Prizm™ lens that offers enhanced details brightens white, greens, yellows, and reds and also allow runners and cyclists to see subtle changes in road texture to aid hazard avoidance. Yes, you could look as cool as this guy! Oakley glasses are never usually cheap, and the Radar Pace with all its added technology is no exception. Pricing for these “bionic bins” starts from $449 in the U.S which includes sensors, Prizm™ lens and clear lens, nose pads and a carry case. Can you see yourself chatting to your glasses on a future ride? Categorised as: News Posted on: October 6, 2016 Tagged with: glasses oakley Radar Pace tech Tweet One response sideshowdave said on October 6, 2016 You know they will catch on just like the glasses they did with the MP3 player in the arm. Log in with your Premier account to comment If you already have a website account, log in. Username or Email Password Remember Me Forgotten your password? Not got a Premier account? Subscriptions cost as little as £1.49 and include access to our entire MagArchive Sign up now Advertisement Premier Dealers Have you pulled your seatpost out this year and re-greased it? Yes! At least once every year (35%, 159 Votes) No. But I keep meaning to (17%, 76 Votes) No. Why bother? (17%, 76 Votes) Yes! I do it often (15%, 70 Votes) No. It's a dropper and you don't... oh... it's stuck (11%, 49 Votes) Yes, but only because you reminded me (4%, 16 Votes) No. The shop does it for me (1%, 5 Votes) No. It no longer moves :-( (1%, 4 Votes) Total Voters: 455  Loading ... Polls Archive Advertisement Skip to top Username Password Remember Me Forgotten your password? Not got an account? Register now! Singletrack Magazine Stockists Publication Dates Premier Club Contact Us | Advertising Privacy Policy Website & Forums Forum Overview Terms & Conditions Classified Rules Forum Help Website Help Exits grit.cx ST on Twitter ST on Facebook ST on Vimeo News Feeds Singletrack Magazine Log In | Register
null
null
null
Global device shipment to dip second year in a row: Gartner By The global devices market is not on pace to return to single-digit growth soon. Growth is on pace to remain flat during the next five years, Gartner Research Director Ranjit Atwal said. Hold Amara Raja Batteries; target of Rs 1025: ICICI direct - Rishi Jaitly appointed CEO of Times Global Partners News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » World News Oct 06, 2016, 05.53 PM | Source: PTI Global device shipment to dip second year in a row: Gartner "The global devices market is not on pace to return to single-digit growth soon. Growth is on pace to remain flat during the next five years," Gartner Research Director Ranjit Atwal said. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Global device shipment to dip second year in a row: Gartner "The global devices market is not on pace to return to single-digit growth soon. Growth is on pace to remain flat during the next five years," Gartner Research Director Ranjit Atwal said. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Worldwide combined shipments for devices like mobile phones and computers may decline by three percent this year to 2.32 billion units, impacted by fall across segments except premium ultramobiles and entry level phones, a report said today. This will mark the second consecutive year of decline, research firm Gartner said in a report. The global devices market fell by 0.75 percent in 2015 to 2.4 billion units, it added. "The global devices market is not on pace to return to single-digit growth soon. Growth is on pace to remain flat during the next five years," Gartner Research Director Ranjit Atwal said. All segments are expected to decline in 2016, except for premium ultramobiles and utility mobile phones (entry level phones), which are expected to show single-digit growth this year, he added. "We expect premium ultramobiles will start benefiting from the collective performance and integration of the latest Intel CPU platform and Windows 10," Atwal said. Desk-based PCs and notebook shipments are expected to decline from 244 million in 2015 to 216 million units this year and further decline to 205 million (2017) and 199 million units (2018). The PC market is expected to exhibit an 8 percent decline in 2016, as the installed base bottoms out and replacement cycle extensions halt, Gartner said. Ultramobiles premium -- that includes products like Microsoft's Surface Pro and Apple's MacBook Air -- is, however, forecast to gain pace with shipments growing from 44 million units in 2015 to 49 million units (2016) and further to 61 million (2017) and 75 million units (2018). Shipment of basic and utility tablets -- which devices like iPad, iPad mini, Samsung Galaxy Tab S2, Lenovo Yoga Tab 3 and Acer Iconia One -- is projected to fall from 196 million units in 2015 to 177 million this year and further to 173 million in 2017 and remain flat post that. Mobile phone shipment, on the other hand is expected to fall in 2016, but recover in the next two years. Compared to 1.91 billion mobile phones in 2015, shipment is likely to dip to 1.88 billion units in 2016 before recovering to 1.91 billion in 2017 and further to 1.93 billion in 2018. "The smartphone segment continues to grow, albeit more slowly than in previous years, and is expected to reach 1.5 billion units in 2016," the report said. Gartner Research Director Roberta Cozza said this is no surprise as the smartphone market is maturing and reaching global saturation with phones that are increasingly capable and remain good enough for longer. In 2016, the Android market will continue to be bolstered by Chinese vendors offering more affordable premium devices. "We expect the market for premium smartphones to return to 3.5 percent growth in 2017, as stronger replacement cycles kick in and in anticipation of a new iPhone next year, which is expected to offer a new design and new features that are attractive enough to convince more replacement buyers," Cozza said. Tags  Worldwide ultramobiles Gartner Ranjit Atwal Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Global device shipment to dip second year in a row: Gartner See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Here are a few investment ideas from market experts FIIs raise concerns over Tata Steel cross-holdings within group Cash ban may claim unlikely victim: Loan against property biz Currency ban to benefit banks; like Motherson Sumi: IDFC Sec As Centre readies GST bill, Swamy to move SC against GST network Cash ban may claim unlikely victim: Loan against property biz Winter session: PM Modi says govt is ready to discuss all issues Sushma Swaraj undergoing kidney ailment treatment at AIIMS Why Microsoft beat Salesforce to acquire LinkedIn See all Video of the day RBI may not pay special dividend to govt from cash haul: UBS Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 | Budget 2016 RBI Credit Policy News Archive Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login
Home Industry Companies Global device shipment to dip second year in a row: Gartner Global device shipment to dip second year in a row: Gartner Worldwide combined shipments for devices like mobile phones and computers may decline by three per cent this year to 2.32 billion units, impacted by fall across segments except premium ultramobiles and entry level phones, a report said today. By: PTI | New Delhi | Published: October 6, 2016 5:02 PM Desk-based PCs and notebook shipments are expected to decline from 244 million in 2015 to 216 million units this year and further decline to 205 million (2017) and 199 million units (2018). (Reuters) Worldwide combined shipments for devices like mobile phones and computers may decline by three per cent this year to 2.32 billion units, impacted by fall across segments except premium ultramobiles and entry level phones, a report said today. This will mark the second consecutive year of decline, research firm Gartner said in a report. The global devices market fell by 0.75 per cent in 2015 to 2.4 billion units, it added. “The global devices market is not on pace to return to single-digit growth soon. Growth is on pace to remain flat during the next five years,” Gartner Research Director Ranjit Atwal said. All segments are expected to decline in 2016, except for premium ultramobiles and utility mobile phones (entry level phones), which are expected to show single-digit growth this year, he added. “We expect premium ultramobiles will start benefiting from the collective performance and integration of the latest Intel CPU platform and Windows 10,” Atwal said. Desk-based PCs and notebook shipments are expected to decline from 244 million in 2015 to 216 million units this year and further decline to 205 million (2017) and 199 million units (2018). The PC market is expected to exhibit an 8 per cent decline in 2016, as the installed base bottoms out and replacement cycle extensions halt, Gartner said. Ultramobiles premium — that includes products like Microsoft’s Surface Pro and Apple’s MacBook Air — is, however, forecast to gain pace with shipments growing from 44 million units in 2015 to 49 million units (2016) and further to 61 million (2017) and 75 million units (2018). Shipment of basic and utility tablets — which devices like iPad, iPad mini, Samsung Galaxy Tab S2, Lenovo Yoga Tab 3 and Acer Iconia One — is projected to fall from 196 million units in 2015 to 177 million this year and further to 173 million in 2017 and remain flat post that. Mobile phone shipment, on the other hand is expected to fall in 2016, but recover in the next two years. Compared to 1.91 billion mobile phones in 2015, shipment is likely to dip to 1.88 billion units in 2016 before recovering to 1.91 billion in 2017 and further to 1.93 billion in 2018. “The smartphone segment continues to grow, albeit more slowly than in previous years, and is expected to reach 1.5 billion units in 2016,” the report said. Gartner Research Director Roberta Cozza said this is no surprise as the smartphone market is maturing and reaching global saturation with phones that are increasingly capable and remain good enough for longer. In 2016, the Android market will continue to be bolstered by Chinese vendors offering more affordable premium devices. “We expect the market for premium smartphones to return to 3.5 per cent growth in 2017, as stronger replacement cycles kick in and in anticipation of a new iPhone next year, which is expected to offer a new design and new features that are attractive enough to convince more replacement buyers,” Cozza said. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Afghan officials say suicide bomber kills 4 in Kabul Emma Watson starrer ‘Beauty and the Beast’ trailer sets new record in first 24 hrs Indian-Americans elected lawmakers for orientation programme Demonetisation: Twitter rages over use of indelible ink on exchange of Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes Microsoft teams up with Musk's $1 bn OpenAI project technology and in the news Sartaj Aziz to visit India, hints at easing of hostility Tajamul Islam: Eight year old Kashmiri girl-an inspiration to many Sushma Swaraj in AIIMS for kidney failure, wishes and prayers pour on Twitter Demonetisation effect: Kolkata man jailed for not giving alimony to wife in legal tender Demonetisation woes: Gaya temple offers free “pind daan” Life in the White House bubble? Donald Trump had practice  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About WIRED EUROPEAN STARTUPS 2016 Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter sign up Untitled-1 00/00 Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Mario 1 day ago Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple 5 items 1 day ago OnePlus launches its flagship phone upgrade, the OnePlus 3T OnePlus launches its flagship phone upgrade, the OnePlus 3T Smartphones 1 day ago The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special Gear 1 day ago WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it Whatsapp 1 day ago Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet 9/10 Pokemon 1 day ago Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Health 1 day ago Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks Facebook 1 day ago Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel 1 day ago Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google 1 day ago Apple may be developing Google Glass-like AR wearable Apple may be developing Google Glass-like AR wearable Apple 1 day ago Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with its all-electric I-Pace Concept SUV Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with its all-electric I-Pace Concept SUV Jaguar 1 day ago Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project Guardians Of The Galaxy 1 day ago NHS email blunder catches 1.2 million staff in 'reply all' chaos NHS email blunder catches 1.2 million staff in 'reply all' chaos NHS 1 day ago This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection Apps 1 day ago Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired sign up to newsletter Top stories Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Mario 1 day ago Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple 5 items 1 day ago OnePlus launches its flagship phone upgrade, the OnePlus 3T OnePlus launches its flagship phone upgrade, the OnePlus 3T Smartphones 1 day ago The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special Gear 1 day ago WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it Whatsapp 1 day ago Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet 9/10 Pokemon 1 day ago Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Health 1 day ago Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks Facebook 1 day ago Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel 1 day ago Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google 1 day ago Apple may be developing Google Glass-like AR wearable Apple may be developing Google Glass-like AR wearable Apple 1 day ago Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with its all-electric I-Pace Concept SUV Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with its all-electric I-Pace Concept SUV Jaguar 1 day ago Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project Guardians Of The Galaxy 1 day ago NHS email blunder catches 1.2 million staff in 'reply all' chaos NHS email blunder catches 1.2 million staff in 'reply all' chaos NHS 1 day ago This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection Apps 1 day ago WIRED European Startups 2016 Europe's hottest startups 2016: Berlin The new wave of Berlin startups is more independent and international By Pauline Bock 06 Oct 2016 By Pauline Bock Thursday 6 October 2016 ElektroCouture founder Lisa Lang Dan Burn-Forti Population 3.6 million Size 892km2 Global cities index ranking 16 The Berlin startup scene used to be all about Rocket Internet, the company-building giant (or clone factory, depending on your point of view). The company has developed a portfolio - including star performers Delivery Hero and HelloFresh - that's valued at €6 billion. "The Rocket empire put Berlin on the map, but now more and more rising companies have an independent background, like SoundCloud," Lukas Kampfmann, CMO of Factory Berlin, a startup co-working space, says. This second wave of Berlin startups is not only more independent; it's also more international. ADVERTISEMENT American entrepreneurs Naren Shaam of GoEuro and Suchit Dash of Dubsmash say the ubiquity of the English language in the city combined with its youthful feel and cheap rent was what convinced them to launch their businesses there. "Berlin is now second to London in Europe's startup ecosystem," says Yann de Vries of investment firm Atomico. "US investors are coming more and more, with bigger rounds." Kampfmann agrees: "The signal was the [$19 million] investment by Sequoia in Wunderlist in 2013. Now there's a lot of money coming from international investors." Even though the first quarter of 2016 included the highest number of investments ever (54), the amount of funding - $222 million - fell below that of any quarter in 2015. But Berlin's diverse startup ecosystem remains unpredictable. As recently as the summer of 2015, nobody saw Dubsmash coming. "There's a trend towards hidden champions," says Katja Nettesheim, founder of _MEDIATE. Deep tech and engineering startups keep thriving, echoing Germany's industrial tradition. According to de Vries, what's clear is that Berlin "is at a tipping point". ElektroCouture elektrocouture.com Read more Europe's hottest startups 2016: Istanbul Europe's hottest startups 2016: Istanbul By Liat Clark Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Lisa Lang, a former engineer, couldn't find clothes to "express her nerdiness", she says. In 2014, she founded (and fully financed) her own fashion technology house, focusing on light wearables. ElektroCouture sells LED jewellery and clothes that glow in the dark - including a jacket that changes colour based on texts it receives. Lang has produced clothing for Lufthansa, IBM and Intel and sells her collection on ASOS, and, soon, Amazon. Splash splashapp.co Am Festungsgraben 1, 10117 After testing Oculus Rift, Michael Ronen, Stefan Marx and Maximilian Schneider decided to "democratise and socialise" VR. Founded in February 2015 and launched the following June, Splash enables people to send 360° videos using a smartphone's camera and panoramic stitching. The founders claim that Splash soon attracted 30,000 customers in almost 200 countries. ADVERTISEMENT Read more Europe's hottest startups 2016: Barcelona Europe's hottest startups 2016: Barcelona By Liat Clark GoEuro goeuro.com Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 In 2010, Naren Shaam visited 14 European countries and got frustrated with rail and coach companies not allowing multimodal bookings. "There was no way of knowing what was the fastest or the cheapest way," says Shaam, 33. So, in 2012, he launched GoEuro, a continent-wide service offering all modes of travel. It now covers 32,000 rail and bus stations and 207 airports in 12 European countries. The site, which counts ten million monthly users, has raised $76 million. Kitchen Stories getkitchenstories.com Muskauer Str 43, 10997 ADVERTISEMENT Read more Europe's hottest startups 2016: Tel Aviv Europe's hottest startups 2016: Tel Aviv By Oliver Franklin-Wallis University friends Verena Hubertz and Mengting Gao often organised dinner parties but were disappointed by the quality of cooking apps on the market. So they launched their own, Kitchen Stories, in 2014. Available in 12 languages, it offers original video recipes, step-by-step photo instructions, an integrated timer and auto-generated shopping list. The founders say it has ten million users in 150 countries. Marley Spoon marleyspoon.com Paul-Lincke-Ufer 39-40, 10999 Founded in April 2014 by Fabian Siegel and Till Neatby, Marley Spoon delivers ready-to-cook recipe boxes. The service, which develops ten new recipes per week and claims to use fresher ingredients and produce less waste than supermarkets, has raised $27.5 million in funding since its launch. The startup has delivered food to 2.6 million households in Germany, the UK, the Netherlands, Belgium, Australia and the US. Read more Europe's hottest startups 2016: Stockholm Europe's hottest startups 2016: Stockholm By James Temperton Dubsmash dubsmash.com Karl-Liebknecht-Str 5, 10178 In June 2015, selfie-style videos synced with audio clips from pop culture took social media by storm. The company behind them was Dubsmash - launched in November 2014 by Jonas Drupel, Roland Grenke and Daniel Taschik. Its app allows users to record themselves with their favourite song or movie soundtrack, available in Dubsmash's sound bank, and share the video with their friends. The app reached number one in the App Store in 29 European countries and its 100 million users create 35 videos per second. "A lot of the content is very conversational," says Dubsmash president Suchit Dash. To this end, the company recently launched Dubchat, a messaging service on its own platform. "In a few years' time, the main tool to communicate will be the camera," Dash says. It has raised $5.5m in a series A led by Index Ventures. Read more Europe's hottest startups 2016: Amsterdam Europe's hottest startups 2016: Amsterdam By Matt Burgess Dubsmash president Suchit Dash Dan Burn-Forti Lesara lesara.com Schwedter Str 36a, 10435 Founded in 2013 by Roman Kirsch, Robin Müller and Matthias Wilrich, Lesara is an online fashion retailer that closed €15 million in funding led by Northzone in 2015, taking its total to $23.8 million. It claims to have an algorithm that detects fashion trends early and works with factories to produce more than 50,000 low-cost products faster than traditional retailers to customers in Germany, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Austria, Switzerland and Italy. Blinkist blinkist.com Sonnenallee 223, 12059 Friends Sebastian Klein, Niklas Jansen, Holger Seim and Tobias Balling found it hard to continue learning after leaving university. In 2012, they launched Blinkist, an app that summarises non-fiction books in 15 minute "blinks" that can be consumed in audio or video formats. The startup has raised $6.74 million - including $4.3 million in January 2016 from Greycroft Partners in series A funding. More than 1,500 books in 16 categories are available for the platform's one million users, from corporate culture to parenting. DOJO Madness dojomadness.com Axel-Springer-Str 54b, 10117 ADVERTISEMENT Jens Hilgers and Delivery Hero co-founder Markus Furmann are veterans of the e-sports scene through their investment company Bitkraft. In 2014, the team launched DOJO Madness, for gamers to master their play using machine learning. LOLSUMO, their personal coaching app for League of Legends players, has 70,000 daily users. The company raised $4.5 million in series A funding led by March Capital Partners. Movinga movinga.com Sonnenburger Str 73, 10437 Founded in 2015 by Bastian Knutzen and Chris Maslowski, this online removal company provides relocation for, it claims, 70 per cent less than other companies. The firm - which has raised $31.82m, including $25m from Index Ventures - has moved more than 10,000 households' property in Germany, Austria, France, Italy and Switzerland by licensing third-party vehicles that were not being used. The service will expand to Benelux and Scandinavia soon. Click here to explore the other startups on WIRED's 100 hottest European startups list Share this article RECOMMENDED Europe's hottest startups 2015: Berlin Europe's hottest startups 2015: Berlin By João Medeiros Berlin 05 Aug 2015 Europe's hottest startups 2016: Stockholm Europe's hottest startups 2016: Stockholm By James Temperton E-commerce 16 Sep 2016 Europe's hottest startups 2016: London Europe's hottest startups 2016: London By Oliver Franklin-Wallis Technology 08 Sep 2016 Europe's hottest startups 2016: Helsinki Europe's hottest startups 2016: Helsinki By Rowland Manthorpe Gaming 02 Sep 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2016
null
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Wacom MobileStudio Pro Windows 10 tablets have 3D cameras JC Torres - Oct 6, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit The launch of the iPad Pro and the Apple Pencil ignited a debate in the graphics community: has Wacom lost its luster? Trying to make up for lost time, fame, and probably customers, Wacom has launched a new series of Windows 10 tablets that put artists and creatives at the very center. Like Wacom’s other Windows tablets, the new MobileStudio Pro line combines display, computing power, and stylus in one large slab. But unlike those older models, some of the newer tablets are not only “3D Ready”, some even have 3D cameras. Tablets and cameras don’t always mix well, with the exception of a very few like Apple’s iPad Pros and Google’s earlier Project Tango tablets. The Wacom MobileStudio Pro tablets follow the footsteps of the latter. In fact, those select few tablets sport Intel’s RealSense R200 camera for sensing depth in addition to color. That might be a strange proposition, especially for larger tablets like Wacom’s, but the company is trying to appeal to 3D modelers, CAD users, architects, and the like. Admittedly, the 3D camera will be more of a niche use case. Of course, Wacom’s tablets are more than that. They are, in truth, about the stylus and the digitizer. The MobileStudio Pros, in particular, boast of being Wacom’s first tablets to bear the new Pro Pen 2 technology, that promises an astounding 8,192 levels of pressure and “virtually no lag” and “no parallax” either, two of the most criticized points in graphics tablets of this nature. Unlike an iPad Pro, and more like a Surface Pro, the MobileStudio Pro tablets are, of course, “regular” Windows 10 tablets, which more demanding artists require because of the software they use. No settling for mobile counterparts. There are six models in all, varying slightly in specs, with 13.3-inch and 15.6-inch screens, 64 to 512 GB storage, Intel Core i5 or i7 processors, and NVIDIA Quadro graphics. Unlike Microsoft’s Surface Pro tablets, however, the Wacom MobileStudio Pro isn’t a general-purpose tablet line, but one that is aimed squarely as creative professionals. The prices definitely confirm that, with costs starting at $1,499 at the lowest all the way up to $2,999. The tablets are scheduled to launch in November. Tags ComputingTabletWacomWindows 10 Must Read Bits & Bytes 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology Latest Headlines 2017 Nissan Sentra NISMO First Drive: A modest performance proposal Nov 15, 2016 Galaxy Note 7 could return next year as refurbished units Nov 15, 2016 2017 Chevrolet Colorado ZR2 introduces all-new DSSV suspension technology Nov 15, 2016 Minecraft Hour of Code Designer tutorial is free and available now Nov 15, 2016 Aston Martin Vanquish S boosts power, style & eye-watering price Nov 15, 2016 Latest Reviews MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
null
null
Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe design-reuse.cn | design-reuse-embedded.com | design-reuse-enterprise.com | About D&R | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products LPDDR 3/2 DDR 3/3L 1600 HS PHY TSMC 40LP USB 2.0 PHY For On-The-Go Controller SuperSpeed USB 3.1 DRD Controller FlexNoC Network on Chip SoC Interconnect IP News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News Brite Semiconductor Announces DDR4 IP Achieve 2400 Mbps on SMIC 40nm Process Tuesday Nov. 15, 2016 Siemens to expand its digital industrial leadership with acquisition of Mentor Graphics Monday Nov. 14, 2016 Creonic Delivers New CCSDS LDPC Forward Error Correction IP Core Thursday Nov. 10, 2016 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles Do SoC Architects Have to Get Physical? Monday Nov. 14, 2016 A Look at New Open Standards to Improve Reliability and Redundancy of Automotive Ethernet Thursday Nov. 10, 2016 Adaptive Rate Control Algorithm Monday Oct. 31, 2016 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs IP-SoC 2016: IP Innovation, Foundries, IoT and Security SemiWiki - Eric Esteve US Plans To Scupper China's Chip Ambitions Mannerisms - David Manners Is FPGA Intel Next Big Thing for IoT ? SemiWiki - Eric Esteve Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2016 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles Ethernet Alliance Applauds Successful Completion of IEEE 802.3bz Newly ratified standard extends value of existing infrastructure investment by opening seamless upgrade path for more than 70 billion meters of Cat5e / Cat6 cabling sold BEAVERTON, OR, SEPTEMBER 27, 2016 – The Ethernet Alliance, a global consortium dedicated to the continued success and advancement of Ethernet technologies, today hailed the ratification of IEEE 802.3bz™, Standard for Ethernet Amendment: Media Access Control Parameters, Physical Layers and Management Parameters for 2.5 Gb/s and 5 Gb/s Operation. Enabling access layer bandwidth to evolve incrementally beyond 1 Gigabit per second (Gb/s), the new standard will help address emerging needs in a variety of settings and applications, including enterprise, wireless networks, and more. “End user data needs – both wired and wireless – are continuing to grow, especially as more and more users access the network via ever-faster wireless technologies enabled by IEEE 802.11ac™. Now, the 1000BASE-T uplink from the wireless to wired network is no longer sufficient, and users are searching for ways to tap into higher data rates without having to overhaul the 70 billion meters of Cat5e / Cat6 wiring already sold,” said David Chalupsky, board of directors, Ethernet Alliance; and principal engineer, Intel Corporation. “IEEE 802.3bz is an elegant solution that not only addresses the demand for faster access to rapidly rising data volumes, but also capitalizes on previous infrastructure investments, thereby extending their life and maximizing value.” Building upon the success of and laying out an upgrade path for 1000BASE-T, IEEE 802.3bz defines 2.5 Gigabit (2.5G) and 5 Gigabit (5G) BASE-T Ethernet. The standard, which was fast-tracked for development and completed in less than two years from its initial call-for-interest, specifies Ethernet Media Access Control (MAC) parameters, physical layer specifications (PHYs), and management objects for the balanced twisted pair transmission media found in structured cabling. Facilitating up to five times the speed without requiring expensive infrastructure changes, IEEE 802.3bz enables easy, cost-effective scaling of network bandwidth. This innovative enterprise technology addresses an array of needs, including scientific and research computing, content production and editing, industrial design and automation, machine vision, and more. “IEEE 802.3bz is a valuable addition to Ethernet’s expanding family of standards, and its deployment will enable the faster wireless connections promised by the next generation of wireless access,” said John D’Ambrosia, chairman, Ethernet Alliance; and senior principal engineer, Huawei. “The Ethernet Alliance is excited by the promise and opportunities presented by IEEE 802.3bz. We are committed to validating the industry’s expectation of the multi-vendor interoperability of this standard, as the next generation of what some consider to be the most successful Ethernet project ever.” Deliberating the future impacts of 2.5G and 5G BASE-T Ethernet will be a focus of discussions during the Ethernet Alliance’s upcoming Technology Exploration Forum (TEF). TEF 2016: The Road to Ethernet 2026 is September 29, 2016, in Santa Clara, Calif. The organization has also announced plans for a joint 2.5G and 5G BASE-T multivendor interoperability plugfest with the NBASE-T Alliance for the week of October 10, 2016 at the University of New Hampshire InterOperability Laboratory (UNH-IOL) in Durham, NH. Additionally, Mr. Chalupsky, and Ethernet Alliance Board of Directors member, George Zimmerman of CME Consulting explore NBASE-T technologies extensively in their recent Ethernet Alliance white paper, The Spaces of BASE-T. For more information about the Ethernet Alliance, please visit http://www.ethernetalliance.org, follow @EthernetAllianc on Twitter, visit its Facebook page, or join the EA LinkedIn group. About the Ethernet Alliance The Ethernet Alliance is a global consortium that includes system and component vendors, industry experts, and university and government professionals who are committed to the continued success and expansion of Ethernet technology. The Ethernet Alliance takes Ethernet standards to market by supporting activities that span from incubation of new Ethernet technologies to interoperability demonstrations and education.     Contact Ethernet Alliance Fill out this form for contacting a Ethernet Alliance representative. Your Name: Your E-mail address: Your Company address: Your Phone Number: Write your message:     Search Silicon IP 16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors Example: IEEE 802.3bz IP Cores   Related News Open Industry Alliance and IEEE to Bring 2.5G and 5G Ethernet Speeds to Enterprise Access Points IEEE Standards Association Announces IEEE 802.3 Projects to Meet Industry Demands for Higher Ethernet Speeds Wi-Fi Alliance introduces low power, long range Wi-Fi HaLow Semtech Announces Silicon Proven 25G Ethernet Snowbush IP Compliant with IEEE 802.3bj, CEI-25G, CEI-28G, and the Emerging IEEE 802.3bm and CAUI-4 Standards Microsemi Announces Successful Completion of Nine NIST Cryptographic Algorithm Validation Program Certifications   See Ethernet Alliance Latest News >> Breaking News Packet Introduces Global ARMv8-A Bare Metal Cloud to Power Container and IoT Workloads Imagination Technologies Adopts Synopsys STAR Memory System for Embedded Memory Test and Repair for New MIPS Processor SMIC and IMECAS Sign A Cooperation Agreement for MEMS R&D and Foundry Platform Brite Semiconductor Announces DDR4 IP Achieve 2400 Mbps on SMIC 40nm Process Real Intent Announces Meridian RDC, a New Product for Reset Domain Crossing Sign-off   See Latest News >> Most Popular Siemens to expand its digital industrial leadership with acquisition of Mentor Graphics Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race Denso to launch joint research on multithreaded CPU cores with Imagination Technologies Socionext Announces New Low-Power, Scalable ARM-based Multi-Core Processor SoC Xilinx Reconfigurable Acceleration Stack Delivers Fastest Path to 2-6x Compute Efficiency over FPGA Competition   See the Top 20 >> E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page EETimes © 2016 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share New Utmost powerful WorkstationHP Z820 rental Gurgaon Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) New Utmost powerful Workstation HP Z820 rental Gurgaon.The Z820’s seven hard drive bays, which partly resemble a tidy stack of drawers, need only a light tug to remove or insert. Of course, the drives can be configured to be a RAID5 setup, a common choice of many video editors. ProcessorIntel® Xeon® Processor E5 Series, Chipset: Intel® C602 Chipset, Memory: 16 DIMM slots, up to 512 GB, Hard Disk: Up to: 2 TB (7200 rpm), Graphics: Nvidia Quadra 4000, AudioIntegrated Intel/Realtek HD ALC262 Audio, optional HP Thin USB Powered Speakers. Contact us:Globalnet technologies Mobile no: +91 90360 10005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Thursday, 06 October, 2016  07:11 Expires On: Friday, 14 April, 2017  01:41 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Saviant Consulting Press Release Receive press releases from Saviant Consulting: By Email RSS Feeds: Saviant Partners with Microsoft for GITEX 2016 North Port, FL, October 06, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Saviant is partnering with Microsoft as a keynote speaker at the 36th GITEX Technology Week to be held in Dubai from 16th- 20th Oct 2016. Gulf Information Technology Exhibition (GITEX) is an annual consumer computer and electronics trade show, exhibition and conference that takes place at the Dubai World Trade Centre. As part of this five-day event, over 120 renowned ICT experts will discuss critical topics and latest developments. Saviant’s CEO and founder Mr. Anubhav Dwivedi will be sharing the dais with leading industry strategists from enterprises such as LinkedIn, Intel, MasterCard, Accenture Digital, Facebook, McKinsey & Company and Microsoft to name a few. He will be speaking on "Building Real-time Intelligence from IoT enabled Systems." Anubhav will discuss the need for creating real-time and predictive intelligence from data collected by IoT assets enabling enterprises to take better decisions. In addition, Saviant will also be Exhibiting at Hall 7, B7-10 together with Microsoft. About Saviant Consulting Saviant is a Gold Cloud Platform Partner and Global IoT partner of Microsoft. We have pioneered innovative solutions leveraging Cloud, Mobility, Analytics & IoT to help Enterprises transform and modernize their business. Our customers range from large enterprises, SMBs and start-ups across Energy & Utilities, Construction & Engineering, Transportation & Logistics and Field Mobility. We work with these industries to define their technology road map & implementation strategy using multi-tenant SaaS applications, Native Mobile Apps, Big Data Analytics, IoT solutions & Azure PaaS Development. For more information, please visit www.saviantconsulting.com About Industrial GITEX 2016 GITEX Technology Week is the most widely recognised and annually anticipated information and communications technology (ICT) trade event across the Middle East, Africa, and South Asia. GITEX continues to identify the hottest global trends in the tech industry and integrates them into new event sectors or conference programmes. Each year, top international brands and local tech leaders launch cutting-edge products, gadgets, and services at GITEX, making it a must-attend event for tech enthusiasts and industry professionals. Contact Information Saviant Consulting Ashmita Chettri 776-809-0404 Contact www.saviantconsulting.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Saviant Consulting Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Endorsements Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Opinion Polls Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Today Subscribe Newsletter Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Endorsements Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Opinion Polls Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV For 2017, Chanel is embracing tech. First step:… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Broncos lucky or good? Denver homeless sweeps Colo. immigration laws Supersonic jet debut Oklahoma airport shooting Bruno Mars in Denver Lifestyle Fashion For 2017, Chanel is embracing tech. First step: bedazzle your geeky lanyard. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Patrick Kovarik, AFP/Getty Images A model presents a creation for Chanel during the 2017 Spring/Summer ready-to-wear collection fashion show on October 4, 2016 in Paris. By The Washington Post October 6, 2016 at 12:01 am Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Colorado presidential elector seeks to block Donald Trump from White House It’s all but official: Denver’s social marijuana use ballot measure passes There is no such thing as the Denver Guardian, despite that Facebook post you saw Denver, Aurora police say they will not start enforcing federal immigration laws Should post-election racism really be a surprise? Russia deports Colorado man who sneaked into Siberia for “a better life” Robin Givhan, The Washington Post PARIS —  Exquisitely beaded lanyards, tweed baseball caps, luxe laptop bags —  are these the trinkets that can satisfy the Chanel customer who fancies herself a tech geek as well as a fashion fiend? They were on the runway alongside an array of dresses in blown-up motherboard prints and jackets that seemed to be woven from colored wires and lights. In his work for Chanel, designer Karl Lagerfeld has commented on the wonders of technology before, but for spring 2017, he focused on the innards of our computers —  the data, the algorithms and microchips  —  instead of the gleaming exterior. For some time, fashion has been been trying to sort out its relationship with technology, trying to figure out the ways in which computer chips and sensors tucked into clothes can improve our lives, or at least make them more interesting. But beyond the basics —  fabrics that excel in keeping us cool or warm —  technology and fashion are essentially passing acquaintances. Sometimes uncomfortably so. Indeed, the designer Hussein Chalayan, in a collaboration with Intel, showed a spring collection in which models wore glasses that picked up their breathing and heart rate and transferred that information to their bulky belts. The data was then broadcast onto a screen so that the audience could get a gander at the models’ stress levels as they walked by. Which leads one to wonder: Do you really want to know how stressed you are going into a meeting with your boss? Don’t you already know? Patrick Kovarik, AFP/Getty ImagesA model presents a creation for Chanel during the 2017 Spring/Summer ready-to-wear collection fashion show on October 4, 2016 in Paris.<br />(Photo credit should read PATRICK KOVARIK/AFP/Getty Images) Such technology may, in the future, prove indispensable. Who knew that the ability to photograph every morsel of food you put into your mouth would become so essential to the dining experience? Meanwhile, applaud Chalayan for his intellectual curiosity, ignore Intel’s high-tech fanny packs and just take a look at the clothes, which were quite nice with their easy fit, elongated sleeves and slightly oversize shoulders. If the technology aspect at Chalayan was inelegant science and no art, at Chanel, it was all art. Or at least artful commerce. The experience of a Chanel runway show is, even by fashion standards, extreme. Women —  and men —  fetishize Chanel in a way that fans of other brands do not. They arrive draped in Chanel jackets, skirts, brooches, bags, hats and perfume. Even the singer Usher, who attended Tuesday’s spring 2017 presentation, was costumed in a black Chanel jacket bedecked with braided trim and brooches and with the double-C logo in crystals on the back. There is a look-at-me vibe at Chanel that is particularly striking. This season, a flock of young women wafted into the Grand Palais, each trailed by her own photographer. Accompanying stylists proceeded to fluff and powder them for their close-ups; the other guests were just a bunch of extras on the set. Patrick Kovarik, AFP/Getty ImagesA model presents a creation for Chanel during the 2017 Spring/Summer ready-to-wear collection fashion show on October 4, 2016 in Paris.<br />/ AFP / PATRICK KOVARIK (Photo credit should read PATRICK KOVARIK/AFP/Getty Images) Chanel is mainstream luxury, meaning that people know the name, associate it with high-end cache and understand its vernacular. You do not have to be in the know to know Chanel. Lagerfeld has kept Chanel churning by injecting it with the mood or the story line of the day. (Chanel weathered the recession just fine, but recently profits have dropped.) Tech is currently the story. So Lagerfeld makes that connection. He gives his customers the sense that they are in on the fashion and technology conversation. That they are forward-looking. But he doesn’t let science get in the way of the dresses, the jackets or a few good gewgaws.   Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off blog comments powered by Disqus More in Fashion Photos: Denver Fashion Weekend Fall 2016 at City Hall November 14, 2016, 9:48 am Saturday night saw Denver’s most fashionable both on and off the runway. Business Q&A: Soul Haus November 08, 2016, 4:58 pm In the late ’90s it was really difficult to find distinctively-styled and independent clothing lines in Denver, especially for men. Soul Haus opened its doors in 1999 as one of Denver’s first fashion houses to offer small-tag, Denver-made and independent labels for men. “Star Wars and the Power of Costume” showcases different kind of sci-fi brilliance at Denver Art Museum November 06, 2016, 4:19 pm In the Star Wars universe, power is a fluid thing that flies back and forth between the light and dark sides of the The Force — that invisible energy field created by all living things. In the real world, those living things are actors who wear costumes to convey their characters to audiences at a glance. She’s the next CoverGirl, she wears a hijab — and she’s from Denver November 06, 2016, 10:16 am Denver-based beauty blogger Nura Afia is CoverGirl’s first model who wears a hijab. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2016 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
toggle menu Sections Magazine Upfront Features Life ForbesLife India Thought Leadership Multimedia Lists Latest Issue Archive ForbesLife India ForbesLife India Archive Tata Motors independent directors show faith in Mistry-led management Column Special Leaderboard Exit Interview Close Range World Watch Ideas & Opinion Hindsight Briefing Breakpoint Resolution Numerix Greyscale Paytm: The wonder wallet Corporate Account First Principles Global Game Enterprise Special Report Thoughts on leadership Recliner Traveller Health Appraisals F-index Cheat Sheet Tip-Off Nuggets Frequent Flier Style Ex-Libris Special Thoughts ForbesLife India Engage The reading list the doctor ordered Think Live Work Play Are employees becoming job 'renters' instead of 'owners'? SP Jain School of Global Management WeSchool IIT Madras AIFMB INSEAD Harvard Rotman Thunderbird Stanford IE IMD business school CKGSB Tuck School of Business Ivey Business School Yale CEIBS Chicago Booth ISB Haas School of Business Oxford The Thinkers 50 Kenan-Flagler Podcast: India Inc's Incredibles Video Slideshow Audio Twinterview Nothing lacking in Indian startup entrepreneurs, says Narayana Murthy India Rich List 2016 Super 50 Companies 2016 2015 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2015 Super 50 Companies 2015 2014 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2014 2013 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2013 2012 Celebrity 100 30 Under 30 Search toggle menu Sections Magazine Upfront Features Life Forbes Life India Thought Leadership Multimedia Lists Latest Issue Archive ForbesLife India ForbesLife Archive Tata Motors independent directors show faith in Mistry-led management Column Special Leaderboard Exit Interview Close Range World Watch Ideas & Opinion Hindsight Briefing Breakpoint Resolution Numerix Greyscale Paytm: The wonder wallet Corporate Account First Principles Global Game Enterprise Special Report Thoughts on leadership Recliner Traveller Health Appraisals F-index Cheat Sheet Tip-Off Nuggets Frequent Flier Style Ex-Libris Special Thoughts ForbesLife India Engage The reading list the doctor ordered Think Live Work Play Are employees becoming job 'renters' instead of 'owners'? SP Jain School of Global Management WeSchool IIT Madras AIFMB INSEAD Harvard Rotman Thunderbird Stanford IE IMD business school CKGSB Tuck School of Business Ivey Business School Yale CEIBS Chicago Booth ISB Haas School of Business Oxford The Thinkers 50 Kenan-Flagler Podcast: India Inc's Incredibles Video Slideshow Audio Twinterview Nothing lacking in Indian startup entrepreneurs, says Narayana Murthy India Rich List 2016 Super 50 Companies 2016 2015 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2015 Super 50 Companies 2015 2014 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2014 2013 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2013 2012 Celebrity 100 30 Under 30 Magazine ForbesLife India ForbesLife India Lists Thought Leadership Web Specials Blogs Multimedia Magazine ForbesLife India Lists Thought Leadership Web Specials Lists Thought Leadership Web Specials Blogs Multimedia Search TRENDING : #TrumpWins #MistryVsTata Advertise With Us Home UpFront Column Culture and success: Leveraging the best and transcending the worst of our heritages A bamboo ceiling or a culture of shyness among Asians? By Rich Karlgaard Published: Oct 6, 2016 7266 7266 On a recent steamy saturday morning in Hong Kong I made the very slow ten-minute walk from the Hyatt Regency to the campus of the Chinese University of Hong Kong. The walk was slow because my northern California bones found the heat and humidity oppressive and I didn’t want to arrive in a sweat-soaked shirt. But there was another oppressive factor to my day. I was scheduled to appear on campus on a panel hosted by HPAIR—the Harvard Project for Asian & International Relations. My panel’s topic: The Bamboo Ceiling. What could I, a Caucasian son of the American Midwest living in California’s Silicon Valley, credibly say about the bamboo ceiling? I resolved to stick to the facts. Google search had armed me with many—and they were damning. In Silicon Valley, nearly all of the large employers are tech companies—Apple, Intel, Google, Facebook, etc. Between 25 percent and 30 percent of professional tech employees are Asian-Americans, mostly first- and second-generation, yet only 14 percent of the corporate hierarchy—the ‘C-suite’—is Asian-American. The most successful company in the world—Apple—had precisely zero Asian-Americans on its list of corporate leaders. I came to my panel armed with these embarrassing facts. My intent was to relay them and shut up. No opinion of mine was going to have any credibility with a Hong Kong moderator and a panel made up of Hong Kong Asians, an Asian-American working for a Vietnamese venture capital firm and a corporate executive from Jordan who lived in Singapore. The audience of 150 students were mostly from Hong Kong, mainland China, India and other Asian and Middle Eastern countries. When the moderator had finished asking her rather predictable questions, she invited the students to ask any questions they had. Bang! The first one was from a young Chinese mainlander. “What about Asian shyness? None of you talked about that! It’s a bamboo ceiling.” Suddenly, there it was—the cultural elephant in the room. All of the panelists had professional reputations to protect, so we hadn’t broached that very personal topic. Though once terribly shy myself, mine had been a Norwegian-American-Midwestern kind—“Ole loved Lena so much he almost told her so” goes the joke. I had plenty to say about shyness, its roots and how it creates barriers to opportunity. But say it here? The young woman’s question turned the panel upside down. During the remaining time it was all anyone on the panel or in the audience wanted to talk about. Shyness is a common affliction among people everywhere but acutely felt among Asians. Entire books have been written on the bamboo ceiling and the roles of shyness and introversion. It must be said that introversion and shyness are not the same thing. Introverts aren’t necessarily shy. They simply prefer to restore themselves through solitude and a good book. Extroverts feel energised by other people. The worst thing to be, however, is an extrovert who is shy, admitted an Asian HR manager on my panel. “You are energised by people, but fear holds you back.” What Is Your Culture? Everyone brings baggage—good and bad—from his or her culture. A surprise bestseller this summer was Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis (Harper, $27.99) by JD Vance. The author is a San Francisco venture capitalist and Yale Law School grad who was born in a small Ohio town. While growing up, Vance split his time between there and another small town in Kentucky. His mother was married and divorced several times, with numerous boyfriends filling in the gaps. Vance’s only role model was his chain-smoking, swearing-like-a-sailor grandmother, who held Vance to high standards. Vance’s memoir is about America’s white underclass, specifically the Scots-Irish who populate Appalachia. Central to this culture is honour. But, writes Vance, as economic prospects fell, the honour became perverted into a binary fight-or-flight response to life’s chal­lenges. The fights were physical and fuelled by alcohol; the flights were people not showing up for work and fathers skipping town. In these politically correct times, it seems rude to talk about culture. But succeeding in a hyperconnected economy depends on our ability to leverage the best and transcend the worst of our cultural heritages. What is your heritage? How has it helped you in your career? What have you had to leave behind? Write and tell me. Rich Karlgaard is the publisher at Forbes (This article is excerpted from the latest Forbes India 14 October, 2016 issue which is now available at news stands and book stores. You can buy our tablet version from Magzter.com) Show More Culture Success shyness Introversion Hillbilly Elegy Comments Forbes India Lists Insta-Subscribe to Forbes India Magazine For hassle free instant subscription, just give your number and email id and our customer care agent will get in touch with you OR click here to Subscribe Online Most Popular Read Emailed Audio India is the next trillion dollar opportunity: Raamdeo Agrawal Note ban's benefits seen beyond curbs on black money, terrorism funding 17 Indian families among Forbes 'Asia's 50 Richest' list Sidharth Malhotra: The accidental celebrity Note ban: New-age startups exult, claim jump in digital transactions Trump triumphs: Should Indian IT industry be worried? Jewellery sales to see short-term impact following Modi's crackdown Note ban: Paytm founder sees uptick in digital payments Mistry replaced as Tata Global Beverages chairman, calls move 'illegal' Nothing lacking in Indian startup entrepreneurs, says Narayana Murthy 'Corporate governance is not just about compliance' Sidharth Malhotra: The accidental celebrity Digital transformation within Microsoft IT Note ban's benefits seen beyond curbs on black money, terrorism funding How to savour larger-than-life train journeys Podcast: India Inc's Incredibles Tweets Tweets by @forbes_india AdNow to revive clicks and conversions Saxonia Thin: Two-hand watch with a new design Latest News Are employees becoming job 'renters' instead of 'owners'? The reading list the doctor ordered Paytm: The wonder wallet Mistry replaced as Tata Global Beverages chairman, calls move 'illegal' Mistry rubbishes Tata charges on rising costs, impairments Mistry rubbishes Tata charges on rising costs, impairments Magazine Lists Thought Leadership Blogs ForbesLife India Web Exclusives Multimedia Philanthropy Awards Leadership Awards Entrepreneurship Summit CEO Dialogues Contact Us Advertise with Us Feedback Subscribe Insta-Subscribe to Forbes India Magazine © Copyright 2016, Forbesindia.com All Rights Reserved © Copyright 2016, Forbesindia.com All Rights Reserved You might also want to read... The written word on popular culture How to mitigate the downside of success The Bard and us Givers, Takers or Matchers: Who are most likely to... Supporting startups, the first step to a vibrant, ... next prev suggested stories The written word on popular culture How to mitigate the downside of success The Bard and us Givers, Takers or Matchers: Who are most likely to... Supporting startups, the first step to a vibrant, ...
null
Trending: 2017 CIO 100 Call for Entries State of the CIO Careers Consumer Tech IT Strategy Security CIO Role Mobile Resources/White Papers Search cio Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Comparing AI tools in Salesforce Einstein and Dynamics 365 Healthcare, retail industries give blockchain a try 12 steps to lower your espionage risk 6 tips for buying or selling a smart home More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Big Data CIO 100 Symposium and Awards Careers/Staffing Cloud Computing Consumer Technology Developers Hardware Healthcare IT Industry IT Strategy All IT Strategy CIO Role CMO Role Innovation Leadership and Management Outsourcing Infrastructure All Infrastructure Data Center Networking Storage Virtualization Insider Threats Internet All Internet Marketing Mobile All Mobile Mobile Apps Mobile Management Smartphones Tablets Wearables Operating Systems All Operating Systems Linux Windows Security All Security Cybersecurity Disaster Recovery Malware Privacy Regulation Software Contact Us Magazine Subscription Services Archive News Opinion Resources Slideshows Video More CIO Executive Council CIO Events Newsletters RSS Blogs × Close Home Operating Systems Linux News Happy 25th once again to Linux, 'the little OS that definitely could' On Oct. 5, 1991, Linus Torvalds officially released the first Linux kernel into the wild More like this Linux at 25: How Linux changed the world Linux at 25: A retrospective Linux at 25: Linus Torvalds on the evolution and future of Linux on IDG Answers What does com.android.mms mean? Tux, the Linux mascot. Credit: Larry Ewing and Garrett LeSage via Wikimedia Commons Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments By Katherine Noyes Follow IDG News Service | Oct 5, 2016 11:07 AM PT RELATED TOPICS Linux Open Source Software Operating Systems Comments Aug. 25 may be Linux's official birthday, but Oct. 5 is in many ways the day it began to make a real mark on the world. That's when Linux creator Linus Torvalds officially released the first Linux kernel into the wild. "As I mentioned a month(?) ago, I'm working on a free version of a minix-lookalike for AT-386 computers," Torvalds wrote in a newsgroup post on Oct. 5, 1991. "It has finally reached the stage where it's even usable (though may not be depending on what you want), and I am willing to put out the sources for wider distribution." Torvalds released version 0.02 of the kernel that day, unleashing what went on to become one of the most transformational forces in computing history. [ Download the State of the CIO 2016 report ] In the 25 years that have passed since then, Linux has gone on to include some 22 million lines of code. More than 13,500 developers from more than 1,300 companies have contributed to the Linux kernel just since the adoption of Git made detailed tracking possible back in 2005. Roughly 7.8 changes are now accepted into the kernel every hour. It gains 4,600 lines of new code every day. Top corporate sponsors include Intel, Red Hat, Samsung, IBM, Google, AMD, and ARM. "Linux put open source on the map and began the journey of the rise of open source for serious computing," said Al Hilwa, a program director with IDC. The software has both inspired and experienced major evolution since its debut in 1991, said Charles King, principal analyst with Pund-IT. "By the time the OS began making forays into the commercial market a half decade or so later, it became a catchphrase for advocates hoping to overthrow what they saw as Microsoft's hegemony over desktop computing," King recounted. Meanwhile, the software incited nothing short of a revolution in corporate data centers. "The nascent OS became a power on mainframe platforms, then RISC-based systems," King said. "But a funny thing happened along the way: Linux's hardware agnosticism inspired a range of new Intel/x86-based solutions which, in turn, gradually began to undermine proprietary Unix operating systems." The early battles were fought at the edge of the network but eventually worked their way back to the biggest iron. Today, more than half of the new mainframe workloads IBM currently sells are Linux-based, he noted. The OS also continues to expand into new burgeoning areas, including mobile and IoT. "Linux may be celebrating its silver anniversary today," King said, "but for many in the IT industry, the 'little OS that definitely could' has been pure gold." RELATED TOPICS Linux Open Source Software Operating Systems Katherine Noyes — Senior U.S. Correspondent Katherine Noyes has been an ardent geek ever since she first conquered Pyramid of Doom on an ancient TRS-80. Today she covers enterprise software in all its forms, with an emphasis on cloud computing, big data, analytics and artificial intelligence. Download the CIO October 2016 Digital Magazine View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies Popular On CIO.com EVGA GTX 1060 3GB review: A compelling $200 graphics card with a questionable Nvidia's new 3GB version of the GeForce GTX 1060 goes toe-to-toe with the $200 Radeon RX 480—in theory. Your guide to top tech conferences IDG Contributor Network Apple Pencil: 9 great note-taking apps Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our Daily News newsletter Go Deep-dive review: The iPhone 7 Plus is the best iPhone yet Apple has to out-execute itself (and its rivals) every year to coerce millions of users to upgrade and... 6 things you'll love about the Moto Z Droids — and 6 you won't The new Moto Z Droid and Moto Z Droid Force are now available from Verizon and Motorola. They’re some... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Connection MPSA Online Services At-a-Glance Resources White Paper API Use Case White Paper BARC Paper: The Benefits of an Integrated Approach to BI and Planning White Paper Blindsided: Why Today's Biggest Cybersecurity Threats May be the Ones You're NOT Seeing White Paper Blindspots: Why Cybersecurity's Visibility Gap Matters and How Organizations Can Solve It White Paper Cloud Business Analytics: A Step Closer to Pervasive Adoption of Decision Support Services Go Featured Stories True agile software development requires DevOps Fannie Mae has doubled its software output in the last 18 months thanks to agile software development... Hortonworks Data Cloud spins up & down for AWS The new cloud service is optimized for enterprise ephemeral workloads on AWS and designed to integrate... 3 ways to regain control of Windows 10 updates Windows 10 has a mind of its own when it comes to software updates. Here are three easy ways to take... Trump presidency a step back for diversity During the days after Donald Trump was elected the 45 U.S. president, supporters of diversity and... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? CIO Follow us Feature News News Analysis Opinion Slideshows Videos Sign up for Newsletters Sign up for Insider About CIO Ad Choices Advertising Careers at IDG Contact Us E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Copyright © 1994 - 2016 CXO Media Inc. a subsidiary of IDG Enterprise Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 6 October 2016 | MYT 8:00 AM What's next for BMW? Boon and bane: The BMW X2 Concept. Real-time mapping and traffic alerts are things that all types of drivers and all types of cars would benefit from, but the move to full autonomous driving could still be a big gamble for BMW, a company obsessed with driver dynamics. — BMW Group AG At this year's Paris Motor Show, BMW officially unveiled a facelifted 3 Series Gran Turismo, a 300km range version of its plug-in electric i3 city car, a new electric scooter and the X2 Concept, a subtly stunning show car that will be going into production within the next two years as a crossover coupe.  However, the biggest line of questioning aimed at the company's global head of Sales and Marketing, Dr Ian Robertson, was about what is coming next in terms of connected and autonomous cars.  Perhaps that's unsurprising given that BMW is a one-third owner in the hugely ambitious HERE mapping and car data platform and that it recently announced an equally ambitious partnership with Intel and Mobileye that aims to build a completely autonomous production car within the next five years.  "The next big step will be the iNext, in 2021," said Robertson about the car that will not only boast self-driving skills but also an alternative powertrain and cutting-edge connectivity.  However, in the process of building this next-generation car, current generation buyers will also benefit. "Along the way, [its] technology will spread through the brand," he explains.  BMW is at the pinnacle of what's possible with internal combustion engines, but doesn't trying to be a leader in the tech world go against the philosophy of a brand that is all about driving passion?  "I think the two things go together," responds Robertson. "The DNA of BMW always was innovation and technology. That's what we are, that's what we've always been and that's what our brand stands for. It's what our customers expect so you can expect us to keep pushing those boundaries. The fact that we now have thousands of software engineers – that's part of that development."  Driving pleasure and the autonomous world  But even with a burgeoning tech department, to bring real-time connectivity and alerts to fruition that cut accidents, eradicate congestion and take the pain out of motoring, BMW needs Intel supercomputing and Mobileye vision systems.  "We wanted to drive this forward," explains Robertson. And where the partners want to drive it to is to the point where it is a secure, cloud-based platform with phenomenal real-time data crunching skills that is "Open source so that other parties will be able to use it," Robertson points out.  Initially it will use real-time data from BMWs, Audis and Mercedes cars but anyone will be able to integrate the system into their production cars, boosting its capability while reducing industry reliance on tech firms such as Google.  Real-time mapping and traffic alerts are things that all types of drivers and all types of cars would benefit from, but the move to full autonomous driving could still be a big gamble for BMW, a company obsessed with driver dynamics.  Robertson is quick to disagree. For the moment at least, the technology will make driving even better.   "I'm driving a new 7 series. It is semi-autonomous. I drive the first 25km in an autobahn environment, unrestricted. I drive over 250km/h. It makes me feel good in the morning and in the evening. But the last 10km are always in bumper-to-bumper traffic. I stick it into the mode that allows semi autonomy. I don't need to use my feet any more. I can take my hands off the wheel, I can take my eyes off the road, briefly, and that for me is marrying the autonomous world with sheer driving pleasure in an urban environment because not all of it is that much fun." — AFP Relaxnews You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Cyclist has grand tales to tell after going through 22 countries Tourists now prefer lodgings with Airbnb flavour, hoteliers told MRT fare starts at RM1 advertisement Latest News Photo Kit: Taking better photos of your pets (and kids) Make perfect copies of old photos with PhotoScan US trade panel eyes Qualcomm patent complaint against Chinese firms Google commits to post-Brexit UK with major London investment GE acquires two artificial intelligence startups Most Viewed in Tech Make perfect copies of old photos with PhotoScan Photo Kit: Taking better photos of your pets (and kids) Best smartphones for the holidays GE acquires two artificial intelligence startups Singapore to launch blockchain project for interbank payments Google commits to post-Brexit UK with major London investment US trade panel eyes Qualcomm patent complaint against Chinese firms Warning! Traces of grime on your phone reveal your life story Sex hook-up websites' login credentials hacked Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Mobile   /   VMware AirWatch Launches Unified Endpoint Management       VMware AirWatch Launches Unified Endpoint Management     By Chris Preimesberger  |  Posted 2016-10-05 Print               The company also revealed new support for internet of things devices, touchless sensors and enterprise-level smart glasses on the same management platform. . VMware and its enterprise mobility arm, AirWatch, on Oct. 5 launched both a new category of software and a new endpoint management package to go into it. At the Connect 2016 conference in Atlanta, the company unveiled AirWatch Unified Endpoint Management and a new version of VMware Workspace ONE. The package expands VMware AirWatch into cloud-based management for conventional desktops and new-age connected devices while providing users with the apps and services they need to work digitally, according to the company. VMware Airwatch also revealed new support for internet of things (IoT) devices, touchless sensors and enterprise-level smart glasses on the same mobility management platform. Smart glasses in the near future are expected to replace those hideously big augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) headsets. The smaller, lighter, more portable glasses are still ahead of their time, but the potential market is expected to amount to about 16 million units by 2020, according to Gartner Research analyst Angela McIntyre. Smart Glasses a Thing of the Future VMware Airwatch said it has deals lined up with major providers of smart glasses—which include Intel, Atheer, ODG and APX Labs—to onboard the software, connect to networks and deploy AR and VR apps. The AirWatch Unified Endpoint Management and VMware Workspace ONE developments are the biggest news in the mobility sector in months. "In the nearly 10 years since the launch of the iPhone, enterprise mobility management has transformed from simple wipe and lock commands to a unified endpoint management platform for all devices, including Windows 10 and the internet of things," said Noah Wasmer, VMware's senior vice president of mobile products. "No longer will IT run different systems for different devices; instead we built the single platform to manage all endpoints." Rethinking Legacy Desktop and Laptop Management Unified Endpoint Management provides a holistic and user-centric approach to managing all endpoints in an organization, from mobile and desktop to IoT. It is available as a standalone solution or as a part of VMware Workspace ONE and includes configuration management, operating system (OS) patch management, client health and security management. Workspace ONE, launched earlier this year, enables organizations to scale and tailor their management across unmanaged, BYO (bring your own) and corporate-owned devices in a single platform. The flexible mobile application management framework with adaptive management technologies provides organizations a way to manage all use cases, from standalone mobile application management (MAM) for containerized enterprise apps, to a managed workspace with OS-level MAM, to full device management, Wasmer said. In this latest update to Workspace ONE, VMware provides real-time security across apps through expanded support for multi-device BYOD employees and contractors with new continuous-access policies and consumer-simple application support. These include: --Continuous-access policies that can instantly block access to an application already in use if a device fails compliance tests. A real-life example of this uses beacon technology to create a tightly controlled geographic perimeter. Once removed from the beacon's proximity, the application may be immediately blocked or removed. --Internally developed mobile applications that can now be distributed to unmanaged devices directly through the Workspace ONE app catalog without requiring applications to be loaded into public app stores, greatly simplifying the delivery of new business innovations to employees. --Device compliance-based conditional access for VMware Horizon apps and desktops to extend VMware's access policy engine for virtual apps and desktops.         Chris Preimesberger is Editor of Features and Analysis at eWEEK. Twitter: @editingwhiz Join us Oct. 12 for our next #eWEEKchat: "Why DevOps/Agile Development is IT's Future."   LATEST MOBILE ARTICLES   Apple And PayPal Enable Payments Through Siri Voice Commands Revamped Google Play Music to Use Machine Learning to Suggest Songs Google Rebuts EU Complaint About Android Bundling Charges GoPro Recalls All 2,500 of the New Karma Drones Sold to Customers Google Gives Gmail for iOS Major Overhaul                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  

Trending: 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: Angry at Apple 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Healthcare, retail industries give blockchain a try Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Operating Systems Linux News Today's another milestone day for Linux On Oct. 5, 1991, Linus Torvalds officially released the first Linux kernel into the wild More like this Linux's brilliant career, in pictures Another day, another 4,600 lines of Linux kernel code Linux at 20: New challenges, new opportunities on IDG Answers What does com.android.mms mean? Tux, the Linux mascot. Credit: Larry Ewing and Garrett LeSage via Wikimedia Commons Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments By Katherine Noyes Follow IDG News Service | Oct 5, 2016 11:40 AM PT RELATED TOPICS Linux Open Source Enterprise Applications Operating Systems Comments Aug. 25 may be Linux's official birthday, but Oct. 5 is in many ways the day it began to make a real mark on the world. That's when Linux creator Linus Torvalds officially released the first Linux kernel into the wild. "As I mentioned a month(?) ago, I'm working on a free version of a minix-lookalike for AT-386 computers," Torvalds wrote in a newsgroup post on Oct. 5, 1991. "It has finally reached the stage where it's even usable (though may not be depending on what you want), and I am willing to put out the sources for wider distribution." Torvalds released version 0.02 of the kernel that day, unleashing what went on to become one of the most transformational forces in computing history. August 25 was when Torvalds sent around an email that kicked off the OS. In the 25 years that have passed since then, Linux has gone on to include some 22 million lines of code. More than 13,500 developers from more than 1,300 companies have contributed to the Linux kernel -- just since the adoption of Git made detailed tracking possible back in 2005. Roughly 7.8 changes are now accepted into the kernel every hour. It gains 4,600 lines of new code every day. Top corporate sponsors include Intel, Red Hat, Samsung, IBM, Google, AMD and ARM. "Linux put open source on the map and began the journey of the rise of open source for serious computing," said Al Hilwa, a program director with IDC. The software has both inspired and experienced major evolution since its debut in 1991, said Charles King, principal analyst with Pund-IT. "By the time the OS began making forays into the commercial market a half decade or so later, it became a catchphrase for advocates hoping to overthrow what they saw as Microsoft's hegemony over desktop computing," King recounted. Meanwhile, the software incited nothing short of a revolution in corporate data centers. "The nascent OS became a power on mainframe platforms, then RISC-based systems," King said. "But a funny thing happened along the way: Linux's hardware agnosticism inspired a range of new Intel/x86-based solutions which, in turn, gradually began to undermine proprietary Unix operating systems." The early battles were fought at the edge of the network but eventually worked their way back to the biggest iron. Today, more than half of the new mainframe workloads IBM sells are Linux-based, he noted. The OS also continues to expand into new burgeoning areas, including mobile and IoT. "Linux may be celebrating its silver anniversary today," King said, "but for many in the IT industry, the 'little OS that definitely could' has been pure gold." RELATED TOPICS Linux Open Source Enterprise Applications Operating Systems Katherine Noyes — Senior U.S. Correspondent Katherine Noyes has been an ardent geek ever since she first conquered Pyramid of Doom on an ancient TRS-80. Today she covers enterprise software in all its forms, with an emphasis on cloud computing, big data, analytics and artificial intelligence. The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources API Use Case BARC Paper: The Benefits of an Integrated Approach to BI and Planning Cloud Business Analytics: A Step Closer to Pervasive Adoption of Decision Support Services Data Visualizations for Mobile Users EMA Research Analytics in the Cloud Go Top Stories 3D printer owners rate the best 14 machines Online user community 3D Hubs has published its third annual 3D Printer Guide for 2017, based on... No, Twitter -- a mute button for hate speech won’t work A mute button for notifications is not much of a step toward curbing online harassment. Twitter needs... The long decline of online freedom According to Freedom House’s 2016 report, freedom on the internet is in its sixth year of decline.... First look: The 13-in MacBook Pro's Touch Bar wows The innovative new Touch Bar in the MacBook Pro brings back something that's been missing from Macs in... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: Did you know that you can get Phoronix Premium for under $3 per month? Try it today to view our site ad-free, multi-page articles on a single page, and more while the proceeds allow us to write more Linux hardware reviews. Sound Updates For Linux 4.9: Skylake Audio Still Being Tuned Written by Michael Larabel in Hardware on 5 October 2016 at 03:00 PM EDT. 7 Comments Takashi Iwai sent in the sound subsystem updates for the Linux 4.9 kernel. This cycle there continues to be changes all over the place. While the sound changes are generous and affect the many different areas, some highlights include continued work on Intel Skylake audio, some new sound drivers, HD audio fixes for Dell / Lenovo / HP systems, and various other internal fixes and cleaning. New Linux sound drivers for the 4.9 kernel include Nuvoton NAU88C10, Realtek RT5660, and Realtek RT5663. The change-log for the Linux 4.9 sound update mentions around three dozen Skylake sound changes still. More details on the Linux 4.9 sound changes via this pull request. 7 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Hardware News Talk Of An ARM Vendor Open-Sourcing Their 3D Driver? TOP500 SC16 Super Computer List Published, Linux Still Dominating Thunderbolt Networking Support For Linux Revised Once More Raspberry Pi VC4 Works On ETC1 Support, Power Management Tweaks Linux Might See Open-Source Support For Plustek Scanners Fujitsu SP Scanners Get Linux Support, Backed By Binary Blobs Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
MacDailyNews WELCOME HOME! Apple and Mac News Login · Register News Opinion Contact App Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Archives Widget Opinion Archive Nov 2016 The pundits are wrong about Apple - again Nov 2016 Is Apple selling a MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable for $79 a step too far? Nov 2016 Who's winning the video streaming wars? Nov 2016 Why Donald Trump bests Hillary Clinton on key tech policies Nov 2016 Imagine a world without Apple's Mac Pro Current Headlines Latest Joy of Tech 9to5Mac Airmail for macOS updated to version 3.2 with support for Touch Bar Drop, a color picker utility for macOS, launches with Touch Bar support Apple releases third watchOS 3.1.1 developer beta for Apple Watch Apple Pay adds support for new banks in China, Russia, & Australia (Update: U.S. too) Google PhotoScan for iOS digitizes your physical prints, Photos updated with machine learning-based editing iPhone 8: No OLED display expected on 4.7-inch and some 5.5-inch models, dual camera staying Plus exclusive Apple’s App Store purge removed almost 50k iOS apps in October, a 238% increase 9to5Toys Last Call: Apple Watch Charging Dock $31, Amazon Network/Router Sale, MacBook Air/Pro 240GB SSD $135, more Twitter app stepping up anti-abuse features with expanded ‘mute’ capabilities, new reporting method Touch Bar MacBook Pro models have non-upgradeable SSDs, seemingly under-sized batteries Shazam does U-turn on Mac app after privacy concerns over always-on microphone Report: Apple in talks to build new $50 million flagship retail store in Melbourne Nintendo’s Super Mario Run for iPhone and iPad now has a release date and price Apple patent granted for ‘Sports EarPods’ with biometrics and gesture-based controls Video: Jony Ive discusses motivation behind new Apple design photo book, shows glimpses of Apple’s design studio/prototypes MacRumors MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Now Available for Purchase at Some Apple Retail Stores Apple Removed 47,300 Outdated iOS Apps From App Store in October of 2016 Next Year's iPhones to Include 4.7" LCD Model With Single Camera, 5.5" LCD and OLED Models With Dual Cameras 15-Inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Has Non-Removable SSD Apple Releases $200+ Photo Book Called 'Designed by Apple in California' Apple Testing Augmented Reality 'Smart Glasses' That Connect to iPhone Apple Highlights Mac Apps Updated With Support for MacBook Pro Touch Bar What's New in iOS 10.2 Beta 3: TV App Updates, SOS and Videos App Removed New MacBook Pro's Dedicated AMD Graphics Chips Are 'Significantly' Faster and Support Dual 5K Displays Apple Seeds Third macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] AppleInsider Apple Music nabs exclusive streaming rights to star-studded '808' documentary New MacBook Pro with Touch Bar models arrive at select Apple stores Apple releases third watchOS 3.1.1 beta to developers with minor revisions Apple Pay's international expansion continues with more banks in China & Russia Jony Ive speaks on means and methods of 'Designed by Apple in California' book Monitoring software on some US Android phones sent text messages, location info to China First look: DJI's iOS-connected $1499 Phantom 4 Pro with enhanced autopilot modes, 1" camera sensor Apple purged 47,300 broken & outdated App Store titles in October Apple SSD in Touch Bar-equipped MacBook Pro fixed to motherboard, not removable Shazam promises Mac app update to end always-on listening MacNN Goodbye from MacNN, and Managing Editor Mike Wuerthele Rumor Roundup: Oh yes it is! Oh no it isn't! Spotify claims app update rejection by Apple 'raises serious concerns' Best of MacNN: the MacNN Podcast, episode 25: My Stupid Cat's Fault MacNN Deals: Increase your productivity with these Mac apps Best of MacNN: Lawyer sues Apple for not preventing his porn addiction Hands On: macOS Sierra, part two Tekserve closing NYC store on July 31 after 29 years of service Giveaway: Final reminder of all current MacNN Deals competitions Bang & Olufsen unveils Beoplay H5 wireless earphones Daring Fireball Putting the Price of ‘Designed by Apple in California’ in Context No, Apple Probably Should Not Have Bought Harman Jacob Kastrenakes Reviews the MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Andrew Cunningham on the New MacBook Pros With Touch Bar Gizmodo: ‘Facebook’s Fight Against Fake News Was Undercut by Fear of Conservative Backlash’ Jason Snell on the New MacBook Pros Joanna Stern on the New MacBook Pros Google PhotoScan: Turn Printed Photos Into Digital Images Using Your Phone Camera Wherefore Art Thou Macintosh? Apple’s App Store Purge Is Now Underway T-GAAP Will a President Trump or Clinton Help Apple The Most? Back to Steve Jobs 4-Quadrant Mac Approach Apple Just Made Notebook Touch Screens Stupid Samsung Note 7 Owners Were Loyal To Samsung, Not Android Apple's Desktop Macs Are In Trouble Cult of Mac Check out this week’s best tech, tools and lessons [Deals] Apple Stores go green in advance of Earth Day Apple taps Surface Pro hinge maker for super-thin MacBooks How Steve Jobs and the industrial design team saved Apple, this week on The CultCast Use free Snapseed on iPad to tune your photos to best effect Apple reveals how long its devices typically last Drawings reveal new buildings inside Apple’s ‘spaceship’ campus Apple reaches deal with Samsung to buy OLED iPhone displays iPhone recycling is Apple’s latest gold mine Apple looks to paid search to ‘improve’ discoverability on App Store Macworld UK Parallels, VMware, VirtualBox and Boot Camp compared New Mac Pro release date rumours UK | Mac Pro 2016 tech specs & new features Apple AirPods release date rumours, UK price: Apple wireless headphones delayed Super Mario Run iPhone release date UK, price | How to get Mario on iPhone/iPad iPhone 8 release date rumours UK | iPhone 8 specs & new features New iPad Air 3 release date rumours UK | iPad Air 3 specs, new features & price New macOS update 2017 release date rumours | macOS 10.13 new features wishlist Where to buy a Mac 2016 iPad Pro 9.7in review Best Mac for designers buying guide 2016/2017 | Best Mac for graphic design CNET iPhone Update Make your iPhone read aloud to you - CNET Moment lenses are ready for your iPhone 7 - CNET iOS 10 notifications look the same, but work a lot differently - CNET 9 reasons you should keep your current iPhone - CNET Why you'll soon forget the iPhone ever had a headphone jack - CNET Apple could launch an iPhone with curved screen - CNET iPhone 7 may sport pressure-sensitive home button, Space Black paint job - CNET iPhone 7 Plus purported mockup reveals blue paint job and more - CNET iPhone 7 preorders could start September 9 - CNET Hillary Clinton iPhone app aims to drum up and reward supporters - CNET Nov 15, 2016 - 05:15 PM UTC — AAPL: 107.11 (+1.40, +1.32%) | NASDAQ: 5275.62 (+57.23, +1.1%) What performance boost will Intel’s next chips deliver? Friday, June 3, 2016 · 3:58 pm · 16 Comments “Do you want more power-efficiency or CPU horsepower with your next PC chip?” Agam Shah reports for IDG News Service. “The merits of each have propelled an interesting debate among those who want more performance or longer battery life in their PCs. But raw CPU performance drives the ongoing rivalry between AMD and Intel.” “Intel wants to continue to deliver 10 to 20 percent performance improvements with chips based on the upcoming 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer manufacturing processes, company CEO Brian Krzanich said this week,” Shah reports. “Some critics may deem those numbers to be incremental, which is why AMD’s upcoming Zen PC chip is getting attention. The chip will deliver 40 percent improvement in instructions-per-cycle, a metric related to CPU performance. Chip makers haven’t historically seen the big performance boost coming in Zen, AMD’s Chief Technology Officer Mark Papermaster has said,” Shah reports. “But Intel has different goals, with a larger focus on increasing battery life in laptops and keeping PCs affordable.” Read more in the full article here. MacDailyNews Take: Different chips for different needs. We look forward to seeing how Intel’s first 10-nm chips (Cannonlake) perform when they are released (scheduled for second half of 2017). Categories: News Tags: 10nm, AMD, AMD Zen, Cannonlake, CPUs, Intel, Mark Papermaster Thank You for supporting MacDailyNews! Loading... Comment Feed 16 Comments Frank Friday, June 3, 2016 - 4:08 pm · Reply Cook won’t allow it. Better for Apple to allow incremental improvement in performance rather than a great leap. 10nm Friday, June 3, 2016 - 4:17 pm · Reply uh 10 nm will be incremental improvement… the AMD is touting a %40 increase. Apple doesn’t use AMD. Frank Friday, June 3, 2016 - 5:06 pm · Reply That’s what I wrote. spyintheskyuk Saturday, June 4, 2016 - 2:52 pm · Reply Probably best to write it a little clearer then Frank as it could be read in about three different ways tbh. There has never really been much impetus to use AMD previously on a cost performance basis, but if the promises come to fruition and seriously out perform the glacial Intel designs just maybe… cw Friday, June 3, 2016 - 6:39 pm · Reply What happened to higher Ghz? Where’s the 4 Ghz chip at? By now, there should be a 10 Ghz, 20Ghz, 50 Ggz chip. There has been NO INCREASE even up to 4 Ghz !!!! Well then, a computer with slots built in. Chips that have 8 cores, AND THERE OWN SEPERATE memory access. These 8 core chips, and memory, should come 4 on a card (each card has four 8 core chips. And you should have at least four slots per computer ! Anyone heard of the transputer? Both Atari, and Commodore where working on this concept. Of course, they had to deal with the tech they had at the time. BUT the transputer, needs to be given another shot, since there’s NO INCREASE in the speed of these processors. O.K.. there’s some overclocking…… big deal, so what? Rex Friday, June 3, 2016 - 8:44 pm · Reply The laws of physics have to be accounted for. There is a huge cost in power for running a chip fast, and there is an inflection point where pushing much more power only yields minimal speed increases. Intel famously tried the “GHz over everything” idea that you are proposing with the NetBurst architecture. It sucked. They hit high speeds, but the chips didn’t actually have good performance. Further, they drew crazy amounts of power and required huge amounts of cooling to dissipate all that heat. Thankfully, they abandoned that idea starting with the Core series of chips, and we have much more powerful computers as a result, even though the GHz speeds may be much less than what the NetBurst Pentiums had. As for the Transputer stuff… that idea has been replaced with networked computers, blade servers and the like. There is no point in building in the very complicated and expensive extra ports and timing hardware needed to be able to utilize an extra X number of CPUs. Remember that each additional chip you want to add has more than 1,150 pins which means you want computers to have literally tens of thousands of extra traces on the PCBs, all routed by hand, all connected to components, just for the off chance someone might plug in a card some day. That’s a really good idea in theory, but in my opinion, terrible in practice. Justin Reese Sunday, June 5, 2016 - 12:06 pm · Reply Increasing the maximum potential speed of an automobile won’t make a difference if there’s only two lanes for traffic, one going in either direction, especially if the road is constantly winding. It’s best to have multiple lanes of traffic and carpool at slower speeds. lambrettamike Saturday, June 4, 2016 - 1:40 am · Reply What about their own A10 or A11; wouldn’t have to bother with Intel anymore, as they are so yesteryear!! Truth is nobody knows except Apple Inc. They have surprised the market before with the 64 bit mobile SOC, so why not another submarine project that has been working to deliver real desktop class power!! Derek Currie Saturday, June 4, 2016 - 8:23 am · Reply Apparently, I prioritize sharing useful information over having to deal with the blow-back of ignorance. Here I go again: 1) Apple’s A-Series chips are too slow at this point to replace Intel’s latest chips. 2) Apple’s A-Series chips are RISC based CPUs. Intel’s chips are CISC based. That means the apps and OS written for the Intel chips have a massive overhead that is dependent upon CISC based code. None of that code is provided by RISC chips. That makes any transition a massive operation that may be made impossible if Intel refuses to license their proprietary x86 code. – – Clearly this is far too complicated for many minds to comprehend. If that’s the case, then go learn in order to understand. Don’t throw ignorance back at me about this problem, OK? I don’t want to hear your problems. 3) All apps and OS X would have to be REWRITTEN to work with the A-Series chips. That is entirely possible with OS X thanks to the brilliant XNU kernel, which is son-of the flexible Mach kernel. 4) Yes, there could be a translation layer, but go see point #2 above about proprietary Intel x86 code. The translation layer would obviously SLOW DOWN OS X. 5) Apple has NOT built virtualization into their A-Series chips. But ARM has been working on providing virtualization. Again, see #2 above about proprietary Intel X86 code. That’s enough lecturing for today. Lambrettamike Saturday, June 4, 2016 - 10:26 am · Reply DC: it’s not that Apple Computer is a stranger to Massive migratory moves … PowerPC to Intel, migration to OSX UNIX … as for the proprietary Intel X86 code, everything comes at a price or can be encompassed in a deal (i.e. Licensing for X86 code by allowing Intel components into the iPhone/iPad lineup). In other words, never say never with the master of Innovation! Derek Currie Sunday, June 5, 2016 - 7:20 am · Reply Never say never is fair. But this meme is being tossed around flippantly with no consideration of the hardware or software factors involved. If you go over previous threads on the subject here at MDN you’ll find the same. IOW: Consider the facts of the matter, not the mindless meme mongering. Voice of reason Saturday, June 4, 2016 - 11:45 pm · Reply DC, you’re right about a lot of stuff. But I think the comment above yours was describing a “skunk works” type project to produce a chip that could run circles around the Intel chips similar to what apple did with the mobile chipsets. Remember that when they bought PA Semi, they had a PowerPC/RISC variant that was faster than the fastest core chips in development at the time. I don’t see any reason why that team couldn’t have been working on both the mobile designs and desktop designs all these years. As for the overhead issue, if the risc system is fast enough, a second Rosetta could easily mitigate the transition issues. And developers would build universal applications again. Just the exact reverse of the Intel transition. It all comes down to what is in the labs, and who would be able to fabricate the processor. I detailed the other day how I thought t might work: They would all be “A” series chips, but with different power levels, and capabilities: A10/10x mobile (iOS devices, Apple TV, and maybe the MacBook) A10/A10x desktop (13″ MacBook Pro, 21″ iMac, Mac mini) A10/A10x professional (15″ MacBook Pro, 27″ iMac, Mac Pro) This rampant speculation, but I don’t think it’s out of the realm of possibility since Intel is hitting the wall again. And the RISC design does have a lot more benefits, and it wouldn’t surprise me if some type of secret project was in the works. I mean nobody had any clue about the A series processors before the A4 just showed up in the original iPad. Derek Currie Sunday, June 5, 2016 - 7:24 am · Reply If/when Apple and ARM kick Intel’s ass with a faster generation of chips, that will be a lovely day. All the other factors remain. But if I was Apple, that would be a serious project. Meanwhile, as someone pointed out in the thread, the state of technology is such that we have new barriers in chip design to overcome. Moore’s Law is over, for now anyway. There again is an incentive to escape CISC chips, especially Intel’s. Voice of reason Sunday, June 5, 2016 - 7:32 am · Reply Totally right. There’s only so much die shrinking can accomplish. And the cisc design is running into a lot of barriers. It will be a truly happy day when we have risc chips back inside every product. Much more efficient. Mik Wednesday, October 5, 2016 - 1:18 pm · Reply No, not much more efficient. They are CISC and RISC are simply different instruction sets. There is nothing inherently more efficient about one over the other. Just because you’re accustomed to Intel’s past history of designing for performance to meet the needs of desktop customers does not mean that ARM (RISC) is fundamentally more efficient. The a9X in the iPad Pro is roughly equivalent to the Core M processor in the 2015 MacBook, and power usage is about the same as well. But as you well know Apple jumped on a newer chipset for 2016, so the MacBook is once again faster than the 12″ iPad. With as good or better battery life as well. The real story is that ARM/RISC simply doesn’t have as much pro-level high performance software on the market. The way Apple is mismanaging its app stores, ARM/RISC will always be too locked down and too limited to gain software developer support. Apple’s current Macs wisely chose to move to CISC / Intel architecture so it could run the most powerful software on the market. Cook needs to do better to embrace performance computing if it wants to have a slice of the action for native software. As it is, multiplatform users still have to rely on Parallels or Fusion or Bootcamp+Windows or Crossover in order to run the critical Windows programs they rely on. Moving the Mac to run an ARM chip would kill that ability, and kill Mac sales for good. John Dingler, artist Saturday, June 4, 2016 - 1:20 pm · Reply Ha ha ha. I love this phrase: “Don’t throw ignorance back at me about this problem, OK?” Add Your Feedback Name (required) Email (required) Web cancel reply Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Recent Articles Apple rescues the peach emoji Apple, FANG stocks stop the bleeding, post-Trump presidential victory Apple’s next-gen iPhone: OLED display only on some 5.5-inch models, dual camera exclusive to iPhone Plus Apple’s Jony Ive reflects on the nature of objects, the fragility of ideas, and 20 years of Apple design Analyst: iPhone 7 demand has peaked, suppliers to revise down forecasts Samsung’s $8 billion Harman purchase will be seen as an Apple blunder decades from now or something Want Apple’s Touch Bar without buying a new MacBook Pro? Get Red Sweater’s Touché What Apple could look like under President Trump Apple’s new MacBook Pros have non-removable SSD Macworld reviews Parallels Desktop 12: A nearly perfect blend of Windows and Mac MacDailyNews Poll Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 21,429 other followers  Top 10 Free Mac Apps Flappy Golf 2 - Noodlecake Studios Inc Xcode - Apple Microsoft Remote Desktop - Microsoft Corporation Kindle - AMZN Mobile LLC The Unarchiver - Dag Agren App for Instagram - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl Slack - Slack Technologies, Inc. OneDrive - Microsoft Corporation Dr. Cleaner: Disk,Memory,System Optimizer - Trend Micro Microsoft OneNote - Microsoft Corporation  Top 10 Paid Mac Apps GarageBand - Apple Magnet - CrowdCafé Disk Cleaner - Free Your Hard Drive Space, Clean Cache, Tune Your Drive - Pocket Bits LLC Final Cut Pro - Apple Logic Pro X - Apple Adware Doctor - Remove Adware, Malware, and Restore Your Browser - YONGMING ZHANG App for WhatsApp - Bastian Roessler Affinity Photo - Serif Labs Pixelmator - Pixelmator Team Paste – smart clipboard history & snippets manager - Dmitry Obukhov  Top 10 Free iPad Apps GoNoodle Kids - GoNoodle, Inc. YouTube - Watch and Share Videos, Music & Clips - Google, Inc. Netflix - Netflix, Inc. Perchang - Perchang Messenger - Facebook, Inc. Facebook - Facebook, Inc. Google Chrome – The Fast and Secure Web Browser - Google, Inc. Google Docs - Google, Inc. The Calculator Free - International Travel Weather Calculator Icy Ropes - PlaySide  Top 10 iTunes Songs Closer (feat. Halsey) - The Chainsmokers 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Don't Wanna Know (feat. Kendrick Lamar) - Maroon 5 Let Me Love You (feat. Justin Bieber) - DJ Snake Blue Ain't Your Color - Keith Urban Heathens - twenty one pilots Better Man - Little Big Town Hallelujah - Pentatonix Starving (feat. Zedd) - Hailee Steinfeld & Grey Juju on That Beat (TZ Anthem) - Zay Hilfigerrr & Zayion McCall  Top 10 iTunes Albums Trolls (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists A Pentatonix Christmas - Pentatonix You Want It Darker - Leonard Cohen The Essential Leonard Cohen - Leonard Cohen 57th & 9th (Deluxe) - Sting Simply Christmas - Leslie Odom, Jr. Traveller - Chris Stapleton NOW That's What I Call Music!, Vol. 60 - Various Artists Collage - EP - The Chainsmokers #MYNAMEISJOETHOMAS - Joe  Top 10 iTunes Movies Suicide Squad (2016) - David Ayer Jason Bourne - Paul Greengrass Star Trek Beyond - Justin Lin Hell or High Water - David Mackenzie Kubo and the Two Strings - Travis Knight Mechanic Resurrection - Dennis Gansel Central Intelligence - Rawson Marshall Thurber The Infiltrator - Brad Furman The Legend of Tarzan (2016) - David Yates Ghostbusters (2016) - Paul Feig  Top 10 iTunes TV Shows Service - The Walking Dead What Went Down - Vanderpump Rules Reunion, Pt. 2 - The Real Housewives of Orange County The Statement - Madam Secretary Changing - Supergirl Chapter Fourty-Nine - Jane the Virgin Controversies & Legacies - Keeping Up With the Kardashians The Cell - The Walking Dead The Watergate Tape - Timeless Trip to Stabby Town - Lucifer  Top 10 Audiobooks Superficial: More Adventures from the Andy Cohen Diaries (Unabridged) - Andy Cohen Scrappy Little Nobody (Unabridged) - Anna Kendrick Catalyst (Star Wars): A Rogue One Novel (Unabridged) - James Luceno Night School: A Jack Reacher Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Lee Child Settle for More (Unabridged) - Megyn Kelly Turbo Twenty-Three: A Stephanie Plum Novel, Book 23 (Unabridged) - Janet Evanovich No Man's Land: John Puller Series (Unabridged) - David Baldacci The Whistler (Unabridged) - John Grisham The Wrong Side of Goodbye: A Harry Bosch Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Michael Connelly The Girl on the Train: A Novel (Unabridged) - Paula Hawkins News Opinion Contact Main RSS Comments RSS Facebook Tumblr Twitter Archives Widget Advertise Privacy © Copyright 2002 - 2016 by MacDailyNews All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Internet Technology | Publishing & Information Services | Surveys, Polls and Research Research and Markets - Worldwide IOT In Logistics Market 2016-202 With IBM, Microsoft, Intel, SAP, FedEx, XPO Logistics and Cisco Dominating the $1,050.95 Billion Industry Download image DUBLIN, October 5, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Worldwide IOT In Logistics Market - By Technologies (Cellular Network Technologies, Short Range Technologies), Services, Solutions, End-User and Regions-Drivers, Opportunities, Trends, and Forecasts, 2016-2022" report to their offering. The Worldwide IoT in Logistics Market will grow at an estimated CAGR of 35.5% during the forecast period 2016-2022 At present, North America is leading the market, and Asia Pacific is one of the fastest growing regions. Some of the key players covered in the report are IBM Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, Intel, SAP, FedEx Corporation, XPO Logistics and Cisco Systems, NC. The research report provides a comprehensive review of technologies, services, solutions and end-users. The report will also cover the market in terms of trends, regions and vendor assessment. Currently, the industry verticals such as aerospace & defense, retail, food & beverages, healthcare and the automotive have started adopting IoT solutions for their logistics operations. In order to track the floor activities and transport activities, the companies are utilizing the connectivity technologies. Some of the technologies which are being used are cellular network technologies (2G, 3G, 4G), Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, GPRS, NFC and RFID. The companies are also utilizing the IoT technology for fleet management and tracking and monitoring applications. The study covers and analyzes the Worldwide IoT in Logistics market. Bringing out the complete key insights of the industry, the report aims to provide an opportunity for players to understand the latest trends, current market scenario, government initiatives, and technologies related to the market. In addition, helps the venture capitalist in understanding the companies better and take informed decisions. Key Topics Covered: 1 Industry Outlook 2 Report Outline 3 Market Snapshot 3.1 Total Addressable Market (TAM) 3.2 Segmented Addressable Market (SAM) 3.3 Related Markets 3.3.1 mHealth Market 3.3.2 IoT in Manufacturing 4 Market Outlook 4.1 Overview 4.2 Infoholic Market Definition 4.3 Market Trends and Impacts 4.4 Market Segmentation 4.5 Porter 5 (Five) Forces 5 Market Characteristics 5.1 Ecosystem 5.2 Market Dynamics 5.3 DRO - Impact Analysis 5.4 Key Stakeholders 6 Technologies: Market Size and Analysis 6.1 Overview 6.2 Cellular Network Technologies 6.3 Short Range Technologies 7 Services: Market Size and Analysis 7.1 Overview 7.2 Consulting Services 7.3 Maintenance Services 7.4 Integration 8 Solutions: Market Size and Analysis 8.1 Overview 8.2 Fleet Management 8.3 Tracking & Monitoring 8.4 Route Optimization  9 End-Users: Market Size and Analysis 9.1 Overview 9.2 Aerospace & Defense 9.3 Retail 9.4 Food & Beverages 9.5 Automotive 9.6 Healthcare 10 Regions: Market Size and Analysis 11 Vendor Profiles 11.1 Cisco Systems, Inc. 11.2 International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) 11.3 Intel Corporation 11.4 FedEx Corporation 11.5 XPO Logistics Inc. 12 Competitive Landscape 12.1 Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) 12.2 Joint Ventures (JV) 13 Companies to Watch For 13.1 ICC Logistics Services, Inc. 13.2 Innovative Express Pvt. Ltd. 14 Global Generalists 14.1 HCL Technologies Limited 14.2 Microsoft Corp. 14.3 SAP SE For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/8wv4ht/worldwide_iot_in Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   SOURCE Research and Markets RELATED LINKS http://www.researchandmarkets.com More by this Source Research and Markets - Global Off-the-shelf Gearbox and Drives Market - Analysis, Technologies & Forecasts to 2020 - Key Vendors are Bonfiglioli, Renold & Timken 15 Nov, 2016, 20:10 GMT Research and Markets - Global Digital Forensics Market Analysis - Trends, Technologies & Opportunities Report 2013-2023 - Vendors: Logrhythm, Oxygen Forensic, Paraben 15 Nov, 2016, 20:10 GMT Research and Markets - Global Recruitment Software Market - Analysis, Technologies & Forecasts to 2020 - Key Vendors are Lumesse, SuccessFactors & Taleo 15 Nov, 2016, 20:10 GMT View all news by Research and Markets Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Internet Technology News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content American City &amp; County Search: Subscribe Newsletters Auctions Research Cost Index Contact Advertise RSS Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Products Buildings & Facilities Federal Fleets Green Grounds Maintenance & Landscaping Parks & Recreation Public Safety Public Works Technology Equipment Prices Products at Work Procurement eProcurement Green Purchasing Coop Solutions Cooperative Purchasing Procurement Professionalism Procurement Reform Strategic Sourcing Fiscal Management Proposals & Bids Negotiating Contracts Technology 311 Broadband CRM Systems Cloud Computing GIS & GPS Mobile Records Management Public Works Facilities Fleets Parks & Recreation Public Transit Roadways Waste Administration Economic Development Environment Finance Health & Welfare Housing Human Resources Privatization & Outsourcing Purchasing & Procurement Public Safety Communications Courts Emergency Management Fire Government Security Law Enforcement Water Infrastructure Operations & Management Stormwater Supply Treatment Wastewater Resources Intelligence Shop Municipal Cost Index Awards Calendar Careers Case Studies Classified Ads New Laws Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Webinars Weekly Snapshot White Papers Smart Cities Used Equipment Prices Magazine AC&C Issues GovPro Issues AC&C Digital Edition GPN Digital Edition GovPro Digital Edition Bonus Content Reprints & Reuse Subscribe to AC&C Manage AC&C Subscription Subscribe to GPN Manage GPN Subscription Subscribe to GoPro Manage GoPro Subscription Advertise About Us Contact Us Smart Cities Advertisement Home > Blogs > Viewpoints > Winning formula: Smarter stadiums equal more cash for your city Winning formula: Smarter stadiums equal more cash for your city Oct 3, 2016 in Viewpoints RSS EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 By Kevin Ebi, Smart Cities Council The pitch for new stadiums goes something like this: If you build it, they will come. They will come to the stadium venue (often downtown) where they will spend more money, boosting the city’s tax revenues and overall economy. Whether your city gets a direct cut of stadium concessions or just tax revenue, it’s worth exploring how technology can bring in even more. 1. Bring in more cash First, consider wireless technology to let fans order food and drinks from their seats. If fans have to get up out of their seats and stand in line to make purchases, they’ll order less. Eliminate the obstacle and make more sales. Second, wireless, in-seat ordering gives more information about customers and the opportunity to establish an ongoing digital relationship. It allows stadiums to start a rewards program that encourages people to buy more. It’s what successful online retailers do. 2. Focus on the fan experience Another way to make the stadium more successful is to improve the experience so that more fans want to go. There are a few different approaches. IBM uses data and analytics to uncover things that aggravate fans so they can be corrected. In its work at Sun Life Stadium, home of the Miami Dolphins football team, it aggregates data from sensors, turnstiles and other sources, bringing it all into one control room where staff can act to ensure lines are moving smoothly and fans are comfortable. Meanwhile, Ooredoo is already working on a technology pavilion for FIFA World Cup 2022. Its pavilion will showcase a range of intelligent network solutions that will provide fans inside the ground and viewers around the world with up-to-the-moment information and results at sporting events. And Intel has laid out several ways that technology can make stadiums smarter (and more profitable.) Intel has a suite of offerings that help fans find parking spaces and then, once they’re in the stadium, find their way around and even connect with friends who are also at the game. And Intel helps make sure fans are safe. Surveillance cameras can monitor the behavior of the crowd and quickly detect unruly fans. 3. Reduce operational costs Of course, another way to boost your return on investment is to lower your operational costs. Intel’s platform uses sensors and other data to track how many people are at the stadium, automatically adjusting heating and lighting levels to minimize energy use. Sensors can also track how many people have used the restrooms, automatically triggering a work order when a certain threshold has been met. This ensures the restrooms are always clean for fans while also keeping staff at reasonable levels. Stadiums are one of a city’s larger investments and a little technology can help cities get much more from that investment. Kevin Ebi is editor of the Smart Cities Council’s publications. The Council publishes the free Smart Cities Readiness Guide, which provides help and advice for crafting a smart cities vision, plan of action and method of tracking progress. _____________ To get connected and stay up-to-date with similar content from American City & County: Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Watch us on YouTube   Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet 's blog Log In or Register to post comments EMAIL Print Hard data and warm hearts: A formula for ending homelessness How your community's green footprint can impact our future Please Log In or Register to post comments. Related Articles The same technology that makes your city smarter can bring in new jobs One way to add open green space to your city (and do it really cheaply) Hard data and warm hearts: A formula for ending homelessness Lessons from a CTO: Seattle's path to becoming smarter How to guarantee a win from the Smart Cities Council Readiness Challenge grants What's Viewpoints? It features the Editor's Viewpoints and contributed commentaries. Contributors Derek Prall Derek Prall is a professional journalist who has held numerous positions with a variety of print and online publications including the New Jersey Herald. He is a 2008 graduate of Furman University... Jason Axelrod Jason Axelrod has written and reported for The Seattle Times, The Arizona Republic, the Phoenix Business Journal and Mother Nature Network, among other news outlets. He holds a Master of Mass... View all Contributors Advertisement Advertisement Blog Archive Advertisement AmericanCityandCounty.com Administration Public Safety Public Works Sustainability Technology Water Site Features Multimedia Library Newsletters Auctions Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site About AC&C About Us Contact Advertise Terms of Service Privacy Policy E-mail Webmaster Follow Us Twitter Facebook RSS Search AmericanCityandCounty.com Search: Penton Media Related Penton Websites Government Product News Government Procurement IWCE's Urgent Communications IWCE Equipment Watch Govalytics Price Digests Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Apply Inc. 5000 Europe Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise Launch! LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN SITEMAP PRIVACY AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. TECHNOLOGY Robots Might Take Your Job, but You'll Get a Better One, Says Robot Engineer Dr. Steve Cousins, whose robots now work at 12 hotels in California, says robots will displace humans in certain jobs, but they'll also create more across the economy. By Will Yakowicz Will Yakowicz is an award-winning journalist and a staff writer and podcaster for Inc. magazine. Before Inc., he reported from the West Bank and Moscow for Tablet Magazine; he covered business, crime, and local politics for The Brooklyn Paper; and he was the editor of Park Slope Patch. He lives in Brooklyn, New York. @WillYakowicz Staff writer, Inc.@WillYakowicz WRITE A COMMENT Relay, Savioke's delivery robot, has been adopted by hotels in California. CREDIT: Savioke Advertisement Inside the hotel lobby of Aloft Cupertino, a 3-foot-tall robot sits at a charging station, waiting for a task. Just as a guest calls the front desk for extra towels, the concierge enters the room number onto the robot touchscreen, opens its lid, and places the items inside. Within minutes, the robot, named Relay, arrives at the guest's front door, and then returns for the next task. Relay doesn't work at just Aloft; 12 other California hotels pay a subscription fee for their own robotic butlers--all made by Savioke, the creator and manufacturer. Founded in 2013 by Dr. Steve Cousins, Savioke is has $17.5 million in VC funding from such investors as Intel Capital, Google Ventures, and EDBI (Singapore's investment arm that it betting robots can help the country get through its labor shortage). Soon, another dozen hotels across California will be using Relay. Cousins also hopes to expand into other industries, including hospitals, elder care, and last-mile delivery. Before Savioke, Cousins was tapped by Scott Hassan, to serve as CEO of his robotics research lab, Willow Garage. (Hassan had written the original code for Google's search engine, and made millions from his early stake in the company.) At Willow Garage, Cousins helped create the Robot Operating System (ROS), an open source software that has become the standard system for robots (think Windows, but for robots). He also helped create the PR2, a personal robot platform outfitted with cameras, sensors, arms, and wheels. The rapid rise of advanced technology has caused deep uncertainty about the future of the job market. But many within the field aren't worried. Melonee Wise, founder of Fetch Robotics and Willow Garage alum, says we shouldn't rush to blame the bots. "Your computer doesn't un-employ you, your robot doesn't un-employ you. The companies that have those technologies make the social policies and set those social policies that change the workforce," she said. "[Utilizing robots is] about increasing productivity, not decreasing headcount." Cousins tells Inc. that technology--specifically, automation and robotics--has actually improved our lives. "Some people will be left behind," he says. "But the big picture is that the world doesn't get worse as technology advances, it gets better. Some people will be displaced, but there will be more net jobs." A 2015 study by Deloitte looked at the relationship between jobs and technology by from 1871 to 2011. Labor intensive and dangerous jobs are lost to technology, according to data. At the same time, jobs in nursing and medicine, education, government, knowledge-based industries, and professional services have increased significantly. In total, the study concluded that technology creates more jobs than it destroys. As wage inequality continues to grow in the U.S., where the top 10 percent make 48 percent of the nation's annual income and the top 0.1 makes nearly 9 percent, the gap between rich and poor is vast. Some experts say blaming automation for wage inequality is Luddite-doom-and-gloom propaganda, while others say advancements in technology does play a role. Erik Brynjolfsson, a professor of management at MIT's Sloan School, and co-author Andrew McAfee argue in their book, The Second Machine Age, that technology is the "main driver of the recent increases in inequality." The fact is that fewer people are working. Wages are stagnant or falling. Productivity and profits are higher than ever. According to Five Thirty Eight, U.S. manufacturers are producing more things with fewer employees because of automation. A recent report by Forrester, reveals a bleak future: In five years, robots will eliminate 6 percent of jobs done by humans. "By 2021 a disruptive tidal wave will begin," writes analyst Brian Hopkins in the report. "Solutions powered by AI/cognitive technology will displace jobs, with the biggest impact felt in transportation, logistics, customer service, and consumer services." Cousins admits that there will be some displacement as more robots enter the workforce, but he disagrees with Forrester's theory that net jobs will decrease as robots enter the workforce. "Robots are job creators," he said. But it's the types of jobs that are constantly changing. Thanks to technology, most of us will never have to plow a field. "The nature of work is always changing, and as a society we have to understand that technology is accelerating very fast," said Cousins. While many still remain are nostalgic, Cousins full-heartedly believes technology makes life better while also increasing wealth. As a country, he says, we must focus on improving our education system in a way that helps people learn new skills for an evolving world. "When you change the world, the problem is that the world changes," says Cousins. "Some people are left behind. We need a system in place so when you are left behind you can see what you can do next and how you get to the next step." Victoria Ramirez, who works at the front desk at the Holiday Inn Express in Redwood City, California, says Relay the robot is already part of the team. "He might be a robot to everyone else, but he is a huge help and makes our jobs better," she says. Every morning, Relay takes the elevator to the second floor and parks himself near the breakfast area. As guests walk by, he introduces himself and reminds them to call the front desk if assistance is needed. He returns to the lobby at noon and waits for tasks to be assigned to him. As he kills time, he'll twirl around, open his lid, and tell jokes. When asked if Ramirez is worried that robots will steal her job, she replies," No--not yet, at least." Published on: Oct 5, 2016 Advertisement
null
null
GamesRadar+ Awards News Reviews Playstation Xbox Nintendo Movies More TV Cool Stuff Magazines Official Xbox Official PlayStation GamesMaster Edge SFX Total Film Search Installing Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare and Modern Warfare Remastered needs 130GB of your HDD By Connor Sheridan Shares Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare and Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered are both full-sized games despite being sold together, and they're going to feel like it on your storage device. Images of the box for Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Remastered Legacy Edition (Modern Warfare Remastered doesn't come with the standard edition) posted by Charlie Intel indicate that the total install size will be a beefy 130 GB on PS4. That's the French version, so the sizes might vary slightly for different regions. We haven't seen the install size for Xbox One yet - it could be a bit different, since Microsoft's console is more flexible about installing multiple unique games from a single disc. Hopefully Legacy edition owners have the option to just install one or the other, since 130 GB is more than a quarter of the size of the common 500GB hard drive. That's a whole lot of Duty. Storage concerns aside, PS4 players can start working through the spruced-up Modern Warfare campaign right now if they pre-order the game. Here's how to play Call of Duty: Modern Warfare remastered early. Seen something newsworthy? Tell us! ABOUT THE AUTHOR Connor Sheridan One of GR+'s news crew, Connor also writes features from time to time and does a lil' streamin'-streamin' on the side. Chrom is his husband and nothing will ever come between them. Topics Shooter Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare OPM We recommendBy Zergnet Load Comments Recommended The best cheap PS4 and PS4 Pro bundle deals in November 2016 Game Reviews Movie Reviews TV Reviews 1 Dishonored 2 review: "An immersive power trip no matter how you choose to play" 2 Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare review: "Consistent and exciting, albeit without any overtly outstanding moments" 3 World of Final Fantasy review: "A shallow romp through a history of Final Fantasy characters and settings" 4 Titanfall 2 review: "The campaign’s craft and creativity will blindside you" 5 Skylanders Imaginators review: "A genuine pleasure to explore" 1 Your Name review: "Shinkai's giddy romance brims with emotion and invention" 2 Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them review: "Enough thrills and genuine chills to satisfy" 3 Nocturnal Animals review: "Unlike many puzzle-piece movies, it thrills on every level" 4 Doctor Strange review: "It sprinkles some fresh ingredients into the MCU pot" 5 Arrival review: "An intelligent, eloquent, and stirring sci-fi that grips from start to finish" 1 The Walking Dead S7.04 review: "The burning anger of being on the receiving end of indifferent cruelty" 2 Westworld S1.07 review: "The stuff of nightmares... but utterly compelling TV" 3 The Walking Dead S7.03 review: "Lacks the punch of the premiere" 4 Westworld S1.06 review: "The slaves are slowly becoming the masters" 5 The Walking Dead S7.02 review: "Who doesn’t want a friend with a pet tiger?" GET YOUR FREE COLLECTOR'S EDITION: TWENTY YEARS OF PLAYSTATION Join over 24,000 GamesRadar+ subscribers! Sign up for the GamesRadar+ newsletter to get this FREE 68 page bookazine. + All the latest gaming rumours, pre-release news, reviews & deals GET MY FREE BOOKAZINE No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. GamesRadar+ is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Reviews > Gadget Reviews FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Hands-On with the CHUWI Vi10 Plus Running Remix OS 2.0 GO We tried one of the most affordable Remix tablets available Oct 5, 2016 13:01 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  CHUWI is one of the Chinese companies that are trying to compete with foreign manufacturers by offering good value for the money, trying to put the emphasis on quality without a substantial impact on pricing. The Vi10 Plus “tablet PC,” as the company itself calls it, is one of the devices that are part of a product category which Microsoft invented with the Surface RT in 2012. It’s a tablet that can double as a laptop with the help of a detachable keyboard, so it’s aiming to provide a high level of productivity even on the go. At first glance, the Vi10 Plus is quite an interesting product, and when hearing that is running Remix OS, it instantly catches the attention of many buyers. Remix OS is an Android-based operating system that’s supposed to provide you with a PC-like experience, offering a number of advantages that we’ll detail below. The CHUWI Vi10 Plus can be yours online for $129.99 at Gearbest, but the standard version comes without a keyboard - and you’ll definitely need one if you want to enjoy the best Remix OS has to offer. You can also use keyboards from other CHUWI 2-in-1 devices, but depending on their size, the laptop-wannabe might look quite odd. Of course, given the tablet side of Remix OS, you can safely use it as a tablet too, but a keyboard is also recommended if you want to unleash its full potential. Read on to find out what this 2-in-1 device can do given this combination of hardware and Remix OS. Hardware and performance As far as specs are concerned, the CHUWI Vi10 Plus is quite impressive, especially given its price. You can’t get better value for this price and this makes the Vi10 Plus worth a look if you’re in the market for a tablet. First and foremost, it comes with an Intel Cherry Trail Z8300 quad-core processor clocked at 1.44 GHz and paired with 2 GB of RAM. If you’ve read other reviews of devices coming with this CPU, you probably know that we’ve complained about the performance of the chip in Windows 10, especially when multitasking. CHUWI Vi10 Plus with Remix OS back view The Z8300 is a chip specifically aimed at low-cost devices and you can easily notice this in Windows 10. But since it’s Remix OS we’re talking about here, everything seems to be running smoothly with no hiccups. Apps are loaded quite fast and multitasking is significantly improved, especially because Remix creators spent a lot of time to optimize this particular feature. We haven’t noticed any dramatic slowdown for regular use, although some improvements are needed when playing high-definition videos, where loading times are way too long. “Excellent value for the money.” The 10.8-inch IPS display isn’t the best you’ve seen, but thanks to the 1920x1280 pixel resolution, it serves its purpose quite well. There’s a problem with full HD videos given its resolution, but you should get past this very fast. In terms of storage, the Vi10 Plus features 32 GB internally, but TF card support is also available, just in case you want to boost capacity to 128 GB. There are also ports for USB Type C, microUSB, microHDMI, headphones, and a dock at the bottom of the device to connect the keyboard. The device comes with two different cameras, both of them of 2-megapixel capacity, but their performance is only average - which is just fine because you’re not supposed to use the tablet for taking pics anyway. Other than that, you get the regular feature package, including Bluetooth and Wi-Fi. An 8400 mAh battery is there to provide at least 4 hours of continuous video playback, and while this is quite impressive, charging is a nightmare and takes more than 2 hours with the included charger. The tablet is quite light at 600 grams, but remember that a keyboard is also used separately should you want to unleash the full potential of Remix OS. Overall, the CHUWI Vi10 Plus is quite a good choice for typical activities such as browsing the web, working on a document, or sending emails. You can also watch videos and listen to music, but anything beyond that would require better hardware (plus another operating system). CHUWI Vi10 Plus with Remix OS ports Remix OS Remix OS is an Android-based operating system that’s supposed to boost the productivity side of Google’s software with features that you usually find on a PC. And given this thing, a keyboard is absolutely needed should you want to use Remix OS for being productive on the go, so make sure you order one if you plan to buy the tablet. Basically, Remix OS comes with the same features as Android Marshmallow, so you can install apps from the Google Play Store, such as Chrome, Office suits, multimedia players and everything else. In addition, however, it also features PC-like functionality, including a titlebar that lets you close windows easily when working with a mouse, but also resizable windows to work just like on a PC. “PC-like experience on an Android device.” The multiple window and multitasking support is super convenient on an Android device, and although some tweaks are still needed here and there, you won’t believe how easy to use Remix OS actually is. There’s also a taskbar if you want to pin your favorite apps for quick access, and so are several essential apps, such as a file manager and screen capture tool. The basic applications that we all need are there from the very beginning, but we still found ourselves searching the store for new tools to boost productivity. Fortunately, the Google Play Store comes with so many apps that it’s impossible not to find something you need - and this is why Google is probably considering Andromeda anyway. Another good thing about Remix OS is that it receives updates regularly and these include new features and optimizations that make it better and faster. We haven’t found any major drawback with Remix OS and we must admit that we were impressed with how easy to use it makes an Android device. It’s almost like it’s a fully-featured PC. CHUWI Vi10 Plus with Remix OS launcher The bottom line There is no doubt that the CHUWI Vi10 Plus provides good value for the money, and one can easily see this by simply having a look at the spec sheet. But in reality, it’s Remix OS the one that makes it quite special, as it becomes a full productivity device in a second when attaching a keyboard. What’s very important to know is that a keyboard is absolutely needed, and without it, the Vi10 Plus is just another Android tablet. But when connecting a keyboard, you can truly use it as a laptop, and with the rich app support available on Android, there are big chances that you’re going to get job done quite easily. If you’re used to working in Windows, it shouldn’t take too much to discover how good Remix OS is, while Android fans should have absolutely no problem in making the most of the OS as well. As far as the tablet itself is concerned, you won’t get anything better than that for a little bit over $100. Although the specs aren’t exactly next-gen, the hardware is good enough to get the majority of things done, including here watching videos, browsing the web, or working with a document or two. The battery lasts long enough to watch more than 10 episodes of Seinfeld, but the recharging process is painfully slow. If there’s something that needs to be improved, it’s the quality of the keyboard, which is available separately, but once again, you really can’t ask for more when all you have to pay is $100.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (14 Images) #CHUWI#Remix OS#CHUWI Vi10 Plus#tablet review#2-in-1 review subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it CHUWI Vi10 Plus (14 Images) 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Huawei Honor (MediaPad) X2 Review CHUWI HiBook (Windows 10 and Android) 2-in-1 Review Onda Air V919 Tablet with Windows 10 Review Xiaomi Mi Pad 2 Review - A Tribute to iPad Mini Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year Firefox 50.0 Officially Released for Linux, Mac and Windows, Here's What's New Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year X.Org Server 1.19.0 Officially Released, Coming Soon to a Linux Distro Near You Red Hat Software Collections 2.3 and Red Hat Developer Toolset 6 Available Now Linux Kernel 4.4.32 LTS Adds Networking Improvements, Updated AMDGPU Drivers 14 photos    CHUWI Vi10 Plus with Remix OS New Apps Frink: A simple to use tool that allows you to track measurement units such as feet, meters, kilograms and watts through various calculations AIO Boot: Create a bootable USB drive or HDD with Grub2 or Clover, and integrate multiple support packages, with this minimalistic utility CatLight: Keep a close eye on the status of AppVeyor, Jenkins, Team Foundation Server and Visual Studio Team Services builds with the help of this unobtrusive and useful app Battery Life Maximizer: Extend your laptop's battery life by identifying problems, such as power hungry processes and badly configured components, with this useful tool Exact Duplicate Finder: Find and delete duplicate files to free up space on the disk, filter files by type, send clones to the trash can or move them somewhere else Fotosizer Standard Edition: User-friendly and handy piece of software designed to help you resize photos to a custom size, apply several effects and convert them to a different file format using batch processing tasks Intel Remote Keyboard Host App: Seamless manage your Intel NUC or Intel Compute Stick from your mobile device over WiFi using this straightforward and intuitive tool Reader comments Fitbit Blaze Review - Jack of All Trades, Master of One more on: Fitbit i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      


Tweakers Frontpage Nieuws Reviews Pricewatch Vraag & Aanbod Forum Meer Video Downloads IT Banen IT Pro Profielen Tweakblogs Acties Word Abonnee Over Tweakers 0 Account Inloggen Registreren settings vergelijk items0 Zoeken Inloggen Registreren Wij stellen technologie op de proef 27,6K 78,4K Cookies op Tweakers Tweakers maakt gebruik van cookies, onder andere om de website te analyseren, het gebruiksgemak te vergroten en advertenties te tonen. Door gebruik te maken van deze website, of door op 'Ga verder' te klikken, geef je toestemming voor het gebruik van cookies. Wil je meer informatie over cookies en hoe ze worden gebruikt, bekijk dan ons cookiebeleid. Ga verder Meer informatie Software-update: Kodi 17.0 bèta 3 Door Bart van Klaveren, woensdag 5 oktober 2016 13:08, 47 reacties • Feedback Bron: Kodi, submitter: MoiZie De derde bètaversie van Kodi 17.0 is eerder deze week beschikbaar gemaakt. Deze crossplatform-mediacentersoftware wordt ontwikkeld voor Windows, macOS, Linux, Android en iOS. In versie 17.0 is de mogelijkheid voor het afspelen van 10bit- en hevc-materiaal toegevoegd, in combinatie met gpu's van Intel of Nvidia die daar ondersteuning voor bieden. Ook de standaard-skin is gewijzigd naar Estuary en voor apparaten met een aanraakscherm is dat Estouchy geworden. De belangrijkste veranderingen die in bèta 3 zijn doorgevoerd zijn hieronder voor je samengevat. Fixes done in this Beta 3: Fix album rating which should show as 0-10 compared to 0-5 before Add ability to JSON-RPC to return user ratings Fix mouse focus offset on buttons in EPG window Check on selected fanart pack in Estuary Fix WAV playback on Windows Add proper screen scale for latest iOS devices Add time button on PVR information dialog Fix certain bugs and improve RenderCpature which is use for Boblight Fix unloading of EPG data on exiting the application Fix on handling CUE sheet Add some additional music roles in the Music sections Fix possible deadlock on using PVR as startup window Don’t use hyphens in front of temperature as they might make it seem as negative temperature Exclude singles in recently played albums Show text during migrations tasks like database and add-ons upgrade Fix PVR not working after using the login screen Improve handling of event where displayed changed on Windows which could cause a crash Add possibility to get information from both .nfo and scraper Fix packaging of binary add-ons on Android builds Fix video playback on older Mac Mini devices Workaround amlogic passthrough on devices running Android 5 Fix fontsetting on switching skins Fix ghost timers on certain PVR clients Fix DVD menu playback and audio Fix crashing on OSX with playing DVDs Require a click on slider before you can change it. Click again to accept the change and continue navigation Variety of fixes to video playback Various skin fixes and changes A full list can be found here. Delen Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Drupal 8.2.0 XnViewMP 0.83 Lees meer over Kodi geen prijs bekend Design en multimedia Versienummer: 17.0 bèta 3 Releasestatus: Beta Besturingssystemen: Windows 7, Android, Linux, macOS, Windows Vista, iOS, Windows 8, Windows 10 Website: Kodi Download: http://kodi.tv/download Licentietype: GPL Updategeschiedenis 29-10 Kodi 17.0 bèta 5 25-10 Kodi 17.0 bèta 4 05-10 Kodi 17.0 bèta 3 20-09 Kodi 17.0 bèta 2 25-08 Kodi 17.0 bèta 1 05-07 Kodi 17.0 'Krypton' Alpha 2 24-04 Kodi 16.1 29-03 Kodi 16.1 RC 2 07-03 Kodi 16.1 RC 1 21-02 Kodi 16.0 Moderatie-faq• Wijzig weergave Sorteer op: Kwaliteit - beste threads eerst Kwaliteit - slechtste threads eerst Tijd - oudste threads eerst Tijd - nieuwste threads eerst Weergave: Threaded Plat Reacties (47) -147042+138+21+30Ongemodereerd1 -1 Terrestrial 5 oktober 2016 13:30 +2 rbr320 @Terrestrial • 5 oktober 2016 15:00 Het probleem lijkt me niet zozeer Kodi, maar het feit dat je FTP gebruikt. Over SMB of NFS heb je deze issues niet. Persoonlijk doe ik bij het toevoegen van nieuwe media ook altijd een library update én cleanup zodat niet meer bestaande entries worden weg gehaald. +1 TRaSH @rbr320 • 5 oktober 2016 15:21 Hier ook zo, En dan ism een MySQL library. Werkt probleemloos. De meeste mensen die problemen hebben gebruiken vaak afwijkende manieren of draaien liever in file modus of werkt niet precies zoals hun of een kleine groep mensen het willen. +1 FreshMaker @Terrestrial • 5 oktober 2016 13:40 With him Ik heb voor mijzelf en wat kennissen films in een cyberlocker staan. Afspelen gaat prima, maar her-inlezen van files en veranderingen ( EN film naar NL versie ) geeft nog steeds problemen. Voor het 'gemak' heb ik nu zelfs de oude map helemaal verwijderd, en een nieuwe aangemaakt online. +1 rodie83 @FreshMaker • 5 oktober 2016 15:15 Ooit de addon WatchDog geprobeerd? Die zou aanpassingen in je mediasources automatisch moeten detecteren en de library aan de hand daarvan moeten updaten/cleanen. Bij mij werkt dat perfect, maar mijn mediasources staan wel allemaal lokaal. +1 Cajus @FreshMaker • 5 oktober 2016 13:47 Is dan een Plex server niet een beter alternatief voor dit scenario? +1 FreshMaker @Cajus • 5 oktober 2016 13:55 Als Plex van een owncloud shared folder kan afspelen, en op een RPi kan werken, dan is dat zeker een alternatief. +1 SED @FreshMaker • 5 oktober 2016 14:10 http://www.rasplex.com/ Plex voor Raspb En je owncloud is nogal afhankelijk.. zie bijv dit: https://forum.owncloud.org/viewtopic.php?t=18420 https://www.reddit.com/r/...3b100u/plex_and_owncloud/ +1 FreshMaker @SED • 5 oktober 2016 14:17 Die had ik ook wel gezien ja, en het idee erachter klinkt goed. Maar mijn 'probleem' is dat er een server ( plexserver ) tussen moet zitten, die bereikbaar moet zijn. Ik heb die bestanden juist online staan om zonder tussenkomst of afwezigheid van een mediaserver aan te kunnen bieden. Door ze online te hebben hoeft er bij mij geen apparaat aan te staan, en ben ik niet afhankelijk van de lage uploadsnelheden. +1 SED @FreshMaker • 5 oktober 2016 14:49 Ik begrijp hieruit dat je geen eigen owncloud draait, maar kennelijk meelift bij iemand anders. (owncloud enterprise misschien?) +1 FreshMaker @SED • 5 oktober 2016 15:19 Ik gebruik Stack, van TransIP. Dus een hosted versie +1 thommy86 @FreshMaker • 5 oktober 2016 14:08 Als je Plex server op dezelfde machine hebt staan als de Owncloud folder, dan moet dit vrij simpel kunnen. Op een Pi kan je eventueel Rasplex draaien of een Kodi met PlexKodiConnect. 0 rootrulez @FreshMaker • 5 oktober 2016 14:08 En dat gaat prima. -1 Terrestrial @Cajus • 5 oktober 2016 14:25 +1 Neko Koneko @Terrestrial • 5 oktober 2016 17:14 ja maar ze moeten gewoon zorgen dat het out of the box goed werkt.Of jij moet je realiseren dat het een gratis product is waarvoor je geen cent hoeft te betalen, waardoor jij dus ook geen recht van klagen hebt als het niet 100% werkt met een niet algemeen gebruikte oplossing die jij gebruikt voor het delen van bestanden. Straks ga je ook nog klagen omdat het niet werkt op een oude server met SUN Solaris die je toevallig nog had liggen. +1 Klojum @Terrestrial • 5 oktober 2016 14:17 Als de Estuary-skin een probleem is, kun je altijd nog de Confluence-skin installeren. +1 Senaxx @Terrestrial • 5 oktober 2016 14:35 Ik ben het met je eens. Basis functionaliteit als het bijvoorbeeld verbergen van bekeken posters op je main scherm mist dan ook. En ik heb ook vaak genoeg dat bijvoorbeeld bij mijn ouders of zusje dat even de NAS niet beschikbaar is, en vervolgens leuk bij opruimen de hele bibliotheek leeg gegooid word, of wat je zegt dat alles er dubbel in staat. +1 Ortep @Terrestrial • 5 oktober 2016 14:25 Ik houd me hart vast als we straks naar deze versie moeten met deze nieuwe skin of interface die veel meer de nadruk legt op de bibliotheek modus die nog steeds voor geen meter werkt zolang die naar statische paden blijft kijken.Je hoeft natuurlijk helemaal niet over. Als het werkt dan werkt het. Waarom zou je naar een andere versie gaan als die voor jou niet werkt +1 zeroday @Ortep • 5 oktober 2016 14:49 Ik heb 2x een RPi3 met een mysql db die deze 2 voorziet van de info. dat werkt zonder problemen .. ik blijf er nu met mijn vingers vanaf want als ik iets upgrade dan gaat het geheid mis ;-) Ik wil wel over wanneer ik betaalbare hardware heb die H.265 aan kan .. want dan maakt het niet meer uit wat ik download, dan speelt ie zowat alles -1 Terrestrial @Ortep • 5 oktober 2016 15:40 +1 Ortep @Terrestrial • 5 oktober 2016 16:13 Dat is natuurlijk niet waar want je moet hoe dan ook mee als je wilt dat je plugins blijven werken.Welke plugins werken dan niet meer? De meeste zijn prima backwards compatible. En ook bij de plugins geldt: Je hoeft ze niet te veranderen. Als ze vandaag werken werken ze morgen ook als ze geïnstalleerd zijn. Als jij je oude systeem laat draaien met een oude versie van Kodi met de daarin geïnstalleerde plugins verandert er helemaal niets Maar accepteer nou gewoon dat er een groot probleem is wat opgelost dient te worden.Waarom _moet_ ik_ dat accepteren? Ik heb geen enkel probleem. Voor mij hoeven ze niets op te lossen Jij hebt blijkbaar een probleem. Puur omdat je mensen via een ietwat aparte manier toegang geeft. Dat zal voor 98.9% van de mensen geen enkele rol spelen. Daar zal een developer dan ook weinig aandacht aan besteden. Als ze via NFS of samba gaan is er geen enkel probleem. [Reactie gewijzigd door Ortep op 5 oktober 2016 16:14] -1 Terrestrial @Ortep • 5 oktober 2016 17:51 0 Arrogant @Terrestrial • 5 oktober 2016 18:26 Ik zou aangifte doen tegen degene die jou dwingt Kodi te gebruiken. 0 RolfLobker @Terrestrial • 5 oktober 2016 18:28 Ik vind je houding vrij opmerkelijk Terrestrial. Niemand is jou iets verschuldigd. Staat het je niet aan dan gebruik je het toch lekker niet? Wat jij als "probleem" beschrijft is blijkbaar niet echt een probleem anders hadden de (vrije) ontwikkelaars van Kodi al lang een oplossing bedacht. Het staat je vrij het ontwikkelteam te helpen overigens. Ik zou zeggen; implementeer de code en vraag een commit aan. Ik heb recent al mijn media meermaals verplaatst (2x naar een andere NAS) en had helemaal geen probleem. Kostte me nog geen twee minuten om alle paden van de bibliotheek te wijzigen en doordat ik een centrale MariaDB gebruik werkten beide Kodi-installatie (woon- en slaapkamer) doodleuk verder of er niets veranderd was. Om je maar voor te zijn (want hierboven denk je ons ook uit te moeten leggen wat jij bedoeld met SMB paden); het betreft in mijn geval 13TB aan media. Dus het gaat niet om slechts een paar bestanden. [Reactie gewijzigd door RolfLobker op 5 oktober 2016 18:30] 0 Klojum @Terrestrial • 6 oktober 2016 15:19 "En dat domme gelul dat het een gratis opensource product betreft neem ik absoluut geen genoegen mee, ook daar verwacht ik dat het goed werkt." Stoere taal, hoor. Dit klinkt voor mij niet als een verwachten, maar als stomweg eisen. Ik vind het sowieso een behoorlijk Nederlandse gave om te kankeren tegen zaken die zelfs gratis beschikbaar gesteld worden. Er bestaat zoiets als feature requests waarbij jij je wensen en grieven kunt aangeven op Kodi's bug tracker en/of Kodi's forum. Kritiek in opbouwende vorm wordt daarbij ook een stuk beter verteerd. Als je het zelf beter kan, laat het dan maar zien ook. Enerzijds bestaat de core van Kodi al sinds de Xbox-dagen. De database-opzet dateert ook uit die tijd. Als je de database van een programma overhoop gaat gooien moet ook het daarop gebaseerde programma aanpassen. Dan kun je net zo goed van begin af aan beginnen, en dat is tegelijkertijd het grote probleem. Dat de database-opzet nu niet optimaal is, dat klopt wel. Maar de opzet is destijds gemaakt met de kennis van die tijd. Een stoomcursus via 'MySQL voor Dummies' had al een hoop geholpen, maar die bestond toen nog niet, dus dat is niet gebeurd. Tegelijkertijd, wees blij dat MySQL nog steeds bruikbaar is in Kodi, want er waren al plannen om het te dumpen ten faveure van UPnP. Ik denk zelf dat er een flink aantal gebruikers flink boos zouden worden als dat doorgedrukt zou/zal(?) worden. En ja, Kodi blinkt niet overal uit in gebruikersvriendelijkheid. Het is ontworpen door nerds en dat blijkt ook uit het samenspel van de instellingen in de Kodi GUI en de schier talloze instellingen die via het advancedsettings.xml-bestand zijn aan te passen. Kodi is duidelijk uit z'n jasje gegroeid. Niemand/niets is perfect. Daarbij is het lastig om de kliek van developers aan te vullen met programmeurs die voldoende kennis, tijd en inzet hebben om de boel op Kodi-databasegebied te verbeteren. Het is nog altijd een hobbyclub, geen commercieel bedrijf. Enne, plezier in een hobby kan ook overgaan, hoor. Zijn het niet de wereldwijde beschuldigingen van het aanzetten tot illegaal downloadgedrag, dan zijn het wel jouw hooghartige eisen. Gelukkig kan niet elke Kodi/LibreELEC-collega jouw teksten lezen. +1 z1rconium @Terrestrial • 5 oktober 2016 21:26 Ze hebben er een wikipage voor: http://kodi.wiki/view/HOW...databases_when_files_move -1 Terrestrial @z1rconium • 5 oktober 2016 22:41 +1 musback 5 oktober 2016 13:29 Heb m sinds kort als UWP app geïnstalleerd op low-performance Nvidia ION/intel Atom HTPC'tje, merk toch wel dat performance wat achteruit gegaan is (hier en daar wat haperig beeld bij FHD video) terwijl standaard windows movie app het wel prima doet. UWP effect vind ik anders wel 100% toe te juichen. Eindelijk!. Misschien gewoon tijd voor een nieuw pc'tje na 5/6 jaar :-) [Reactie gewijzigd door musback op 5 oktober 2016 13:30] +1 tinus73 @musback • 5 oktober 2016 13:48 Low-performance???? Heerlijk hoor mijn ION, het werkt nog steeds als een zonnetje :-) Al dat overdreven gedoe met i3's-i7s voor een HTPC..... (maar ben het wel met je eens LIBREELEC vind ik in de laatste update ook wat minder vloeiend lopen; films nog geen last gehad) Reden waarom ik zou overstappen naar een nieuw pc'tje is nog meer stroombesparing. Heb jij al wat op het oog? +1 mhnl1979 @tinus73 • 5 oktober 2016 14:10 De laatste Libreelec beta van 17 is beretraag op RP2. Dus als testmachine nog niet echt lekker. +1 Klojum @mhnl1979 • 5 oktober 2016 14:15 Wij hebben vooralsnog alleen Alpha-builds uitgegeven, geen Beta's. Dus misschien heb je een build via een andere developer opgepikt? De planning van LE is om (na) dit weekend een nieuwe testbuild uit te geven. +1 mhnl1979 @Klojum • 5 oktober 2016 17:19 Dat zou kunnen, dan ligt het aan mij Ben serieus blij met Libreelec op de Pi2 :-) +1 harrytasker @mhnl1979 • 5 oktober 2016 17:37 Weinig problemen hier met alpha build m.b.t. snelheid. +1 mhnl1979 @harrytasker • 5 oktober 2016 21:26 Raar, ik had hem vers geïnstalleerd. Maar met de nieuwe skin ging alleen het instellen met het toetsenbord al traag evenals de database aanmaken via NAS. +1 NightFox89 @musback • 5 oktober 2016 14:01 Heb je je instellingen wel goed staan? Klinkt alsof je je hardware decoding uit hebt staan. Even je instellingen nalopen. Die ION's kunnen FHD gewoon afspelen, zelf ook jaren gedaan. +1 DarkSim1986 5 oktober 2016 13:30 is er al een fatsoenlijke openelec beta met kodi 17 voor de RPi? +1 KaasDoosNL @DarkSim1986 • 5 oktober 2016 13:35 Nope, zo te zien alleen nog maar een Alpha versie. https://libreelec.tv/downloads/preview/ +1 Klojum @KaasDoosNL • 5 oktober 2016 14:22 En dat blijft nog even zo voor LibreELEC Alpha 007 en 008. +1 98schaeffer 5 oktober 2016 13:17 Kodi op Android 6.0.1 crasht na het opstarten sinds deze bèta update. +1 kraakie256 @98schaeffer • 5 oktober 2016 13:23 Had je al een eerdere versie erop ? Zo ja even deinstalleren en dan weer installeren kodi 17 beta 3 +1 grote_oever 5 oktober 2016 13:29 Krijg je de beta ook wanneer je hem uit de Windows store hebt gedownload? +1 LCP @grote_oever • 5 oktober 2016 14:15 Dat zou zeker moeten gebeuren aangezien de Kodi app vanuit de Windows Store automatische updates krijgt tot aan de final versie. Daarna komen er alleen maar final updates. nieuws: Bèta Kodi 17 is beschikbaar in de Microsoft Store [Reactie gewijzigd door LCP op 5 oktober 2016 14:17] +1 Videopac 5 oktober 2016 15:16 Iemand die dit draaiend heeft op een Odroid C2? +1 Klojum @Videopac • 5 oktober 2016 17:40 Probeer de Alpha-build voor Krypton eens: https://libreelec.tv/downloads/preview/ Of deze voor Jarvis: https://forum.libreelec.tv/thread-524.html +1 makaa 5 oktober 2016 13:20 Heb hem net geinstaleerd op mijn htpc (draaiend op Windows 7) ga hem zo eens testen, ben benieuwd +1 buutske 5 oktober 2016 16:22 Kan er nog steeds geen dts muziek mee af spelen,wel met jarvis. +1 JustFogMaxi 5 oktober 2016 17:01 Kijken of ik nu wel items te zien krijg als ik op een menuitem ga staan. Kreeg bij de vorige beta niks te zien aan de rechterkant van het scherm (movies of series etc). Op dit item kan niet meer gereageerd worden. Drupal 8.2.0 XnViewMP 0.83 Nintendo Switch Google Pixel Sony PlayStation VR Planet Coaster Apple iPhone 7 Dishonored 2 Google Android 7.x Watch Dogs 2 Adverteren Contact Weergaveopties Over Tweakers Jouw privacy Algemene voorwaarden Cookies Feedback Volg @tweakers Like Tweakers Rss-feeds © 1998 - 2016 de Persgroep Online Services B.V. • Tweakers vormt samen met o.a. Autotrack en Carsom.nl de Persgroep Online Services B.V. • Hosting door True
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Nvme Nvmef Data Center Storage Zeta Systems: NVMe over Fabrics speed is real... and here's why NVMe over fabrics vs direct NVMe drive = little difference So ... how fast is NVMe over fabrics? 5 Oct 2016 at 11:01, Chris Mellor Chris Mellor Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Ibm, Emc, Netapp, Seagate, Hp Recent Articles Commvault and pals should score when tape-ditching stampede arrives - analyst The shoemaker, the array refresh and the VMworld smackdown CMO go through revolving doors at Cloudian and Scality Analysis How does local NVMe drive access compare to accessing the same drive over an NVMe over Fabrics link? Zeta Storage Systems has compared the two access methods and found... not a lot of difference at all. Zeta’s Lee Chisnall, its CNO (Chief Nobody Officer – think storage product management and marketing) says: “I think that is what sysadmins really want to know: how many IOPS do I lose by running the NVMe devices over a network?” The test rig had two Supermicro-based Xeon CPU E5-1620 v4 @ 3.5GHz systems with 16GB of RAM – one used as an initiator and the other as a target. The NVMe drive was an Intel DC P3700 / 400GB / PCIe card. One test was run over 40Gbit Ethernet using a Mellanox ConnectX-3 Pro MCX314A-BCCT card on both initiator and target, and a second with InfiniBand using Mellanox’s ConnectX-3 MCX354A-FCBT adapter, again at both ends of the link. The two Supermicros ran Linux with a 4.8-rc8 kernel and the FIO test involved Version 2.13, runtime 2, 1-4 workers, 32 queue depth, run 20 times and then averaged. The testing involved running NVMe natively over RDMA network with no iSER or SCSI at all. The initiator sees the NVMe device as the same as a local NVMe and not a SCSI LUN: Chart comparing direct NVMe drive access and NVMe over Fabrics access Local random read drive access with 1KB blocks is faster than the RDMA over either InfiniBand or Ethernet, but the difference was less with 4K blocks, almost vanished with 16K blocks and was virtually non-existent with 64K blocks. The random write situation was different with some local drive superiority with 4K blocks and virtually none with 1K, 16K and 64K blocks. Also writing 4K blocks was faster than writing 1K ones. Chiswell points out: With a single worker at 1K blocksize, random read performance is around 75 per cent of native With a single worker at 64K blocksize, random read performance is around 93 per cent of native With 4 workers, random read performance is near native – around 99.4 per cent Ethernet is basically matching InfiniBand once you look at the total overall performance from all tests He says: “The Ethernet performance really surprised me. I was not expecting it to match InfiniBand.” Also: “While there is more bandwidth in the InfiniBand adapter we used (54.3 vs 40), the NVMe device is not capable of getting anywhere near that level of performance, so the Ethernet bandwidth is not an issue in this test. It would be in a test which features higher performing NVMe.” Here is the full table with both IOPS and MB/sec listed, and 1 and 2 users active: Chiswell tells us: “I believe we are the first vendor with a software-defined storage product (that runs on commodity hardware) that will have support for an NVMeF target. We have it working internally with a release scheduled at the end of October. It will be a standard feature in our Zetavault product with management in the web GUI. “We already have support for NVMe where you can create volumes from an NVMe device(s) and export them as SCSI LUNs over iSCSI, iSER, SRP and FCP. NVMeF will be an alternative way to export the NVMe storage to initiators.” He believes that “NVMeF will be a commodity technology, without the need to buy expensive boxes. Just run it on Dell/HP/Lenovo/Supermicro boxes.” ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 7 Comments More from The Register Apeiron claims NVMe fabric speed without NVMe over fabrics - but how? Backgrounder The secret's in the special HBA hardware sauce 4 Comments Envy NVMe? Mangstor flashes $5m cash to bulk up array line NVMe over fabrics flasher finds fund No software changes needed to use E8's screaming fast arrays Backgrounder NVMe fabric-attached all-flash array coming in August with 10 million 4K IOPS 2 Comments Israeli upstart E8 reckons it's hit storage's Holy Grail. Hmm DSSD competitor squares up for market struggle 3 Comments Mellanox plans to SoC it to storage speed with Multi-ARM BlueField NVMe Fabric adaptor chatter overheard in earnings call NVMe over Ethernet startup flashes 'system' as it preps for decloak Pavilion Data Systems slowly doffing kimono 4 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Windows Server 2016 persistent memory support supercharges storage IO Speaking in Tech: EMC v Pure – Stop bickering with the big dog Bad news, Trump. NASty storage is pretty popular, too Flash reaches the enterprise tipping point Dell EMC World tease: What does 'composable' mean to you, readers? SSDs in the enterprise: It's about more than just speed Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Million Women Mentors Summit & Gala Celebrates Major Milestones for Women in STEM Million Women Mentors Summit & Gala Celebrates Major Milestones for Women in STEM Posted on October 5, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer The second annual Million Women Mentors Summit & Gala held on October 4 and 5, 2016 brings together leaders with the shared goal of attracting and retaining more women and girls into STEM fields. Hundreds from across the nation will gather in Washington, DC for the two day summit representing government, education and industry. Participants will focus on expanding mentoring opportunities to support women and girls in STEM education and STEM careers. Washington, DC (PRWEB) October 05, 2016 The second annual Million Women Mentors Summit & Gala, held in Washington, DC on October 4 and 5, 2016, brings together leaders with the shared goal of attracting and retaining more women in the STEM workforce through high quality mentorships. Representatives come from industry, higher education, government and nonprofit organizations from around the country for the two day workshop. Since launching less than three years ago, the movement has accumulated nearly 850,000 pledges to mentor women and girls, of which 400,000 are complete and the movement has committed to securing 1,000,000 pledges by the end of 2016. The two-day event brings together 37 state delegations, many led by Governors and Lieutenant Governors. Currently, 17 Lieutenant Governors serve as chairs of their respective delegations and four will be attending from Alabama, Arkansas, Maryland and New Jersey. Million Women Mentors (MWM) aims to increase female participation in the STEM workforce by providing a national platform to engage industry, government and implementation partners. It seeks to tap into the tremendous human capital potential of our nation’s employers to excite, inspire and recruit the next generation of STEM professionals. This Summit provides a unique opportunity for partners and sponsors from around the country to share insights into what is working and seek answers to shared challenges. National nonprofit partners participating in the Summit include FIRST, MIND Research Institute and Girls Inc. Leading sponsor corporations will also send delegations including Tata Consultancy Services, BP, Walmart, PepsiCo and Intel. Greta Van Susteren will keynote the Summit Luncheon and Megan Murphy, Washington Bureau Chief and Executive Editor at Bloomberg News, will keynote and emcee the Million Women Mentors Gala. This year’s Summit takes place at Washington’s historic Omni Shoreham Hotel where hundreds of participants will celebrate accomplishments and focus on solving shared challenges. Key Summit Highlights include: New Online Portal – A new, mobile-friendly Million Women Mentors web portal created by Tata Consultancy Services supports mentors and mentoring programs with new features such as the ability to log the progress of working with mentees and sharing documents and resources among communities of mentors, companies and/or girl-serving organizations. MWM Awards – The Summit concludes with a Gala on the evening of October 5th where 6 awards will recognize excellence over the last year in supporting Million Women Mentors. Award recipients include: State of Tennessee, MIND Research Institute, Science Olympiad, Cognosante, Omega Travel, University of California – Davis and Walmart. Women’s Quick Facts – The release of a highly anticipated compilation of compelling data facts about women in today's society. The publication will be launched during the Summit luncheon. As a founding sponsor of Million Women Mentors, Tata Consultancy Services has been a leader in the MWM movement by completing 32,467 mentorships – over twice its initial pledge of 15,000 – and through the design of both the original and redesigned web platforms. "With over 119,000 women in our own workforce we are a proud founding partner of Million Women Mentors, and deeply cherish the results that this movement has achieved over the past three years. I strongly believe that income equality is the foundation for gender equality & social equity. By bringing together the combined power of purpose, people and technology, we are removing barriers for women in STEM education and careers, helping them realize their full potential. We are proud to support this initiative through mentoring and by providing the technology to enable impactful mentorships in STEM fields." – Balaji Ganapathy, Head of Workforce Effectiveness, Tata Consultancy Services and Vice Chair, MWM Leadership Council. As the recipient of the Corporate Excellence Award, Walmart Corporation joins a group of leaders who are making an impact across the nation. MWM Awards recognize excellence in reaching new groups of women and girls over the past year. “At Walmart, empowering women in STEM is a key to our success. We’re proud to do this work with Million Women Mentors and honored to receive this award,” said Walmart’s President and CEO Doug McMillon. The release of the Women’s Quick Facts book creates for the first time a “one-stop shop” for critical data points about women in today's workplace. “The worldwide release of the Women’s Quick Facts is a must have resource and is mission critical to drive targeted enterprise growth enabled to broaden deeper female diversity among the STEM Talent pipeline and STEM workforce,” affirms Heidi Kleinbach-Sauter, SVP, Global R&D, PepsiCo. To join the conversation on Twitter, follow #mwmsummit2016 To learn more about Million Women Mentors, please visit the website (millionwomenmentors.org). For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/10/prweb13734484.htm Latest News Flipbook Animation Software FlipHTML5 is Suitable for Interactive Content Publishing Konstantinos Kazinakis – United Bunkers Investors Corporation – Offers Guidelines for Successful Implementation of Shipping and Logistics Ad Age Recognizes BusinessOnline as One of the Best Places to Work 2016 Najib Babul – On the Accuracy of Pain Memory Julius Numavicius – On the Importance of Philanthropy Suprema to Unveil BioMini Slim 2, World’s Slimmest FAP20 Fingerprint Scanner at TRUSTECH 2016 Greenberg Traurig’s Environmental Practice Receives First-Tier Ranking in U.S. News – Best Lawyers 2017 ‘Best Law Firms’ Edition Secureone Security Opens Secureone LiveScan Fingerprinting in Mesa, AZ Greenberg Traurig’s Angel Taveras, Former Providence Mayor, to Speak about the “Politics of Public Sector Pensions” Cosmetic Town Relaunches Its Website with a New Design and New Features © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
null
Watch Dogs 2 walkthrough, guide A guide to the many activities in the open-world sequel. How to transfer PS4 data to PS4 Pro Carry over saves, profiles, game downloads and more. Sign in Create an account Username Password Forgotten your details? Reviews News Recommended Games Videos Digital Foundry Release Dates Guides Forum Loading... hold tight! Eurogamer.net Follow @eurogamer Home News PC PlayStation 4 Xbox One Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare + Modern Warfare Remastered = 130GB - minimum Get deleting. By Wesley Yin-Poole Published 05/10/2016 If you install both Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare plus Modern Warfare Remastered, you need at least 130GB of space free on your hard-drive. That's according to the back of the PlayStation 4 version of the Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Legacy Edition, which itself was revealed by a French retailer (thanks, Charlie Intel). NEWS: Back of Infinite Warfare Legacy Edition box revealed, says 130 GB space required https://t.co/Tdex3cPSY4 pic.twitter.com/wDl5NETeFk— charlieINTEL.com (@charlieINTEL) October 4, 2016 Now, it comes as no surprise to learn that the two games' combined installation size is larger than a single Call of Duty, but 130GB total is something of an eyebrow-raiser. That's over a quarter of your 500GB console hard-drive. We don't know the exact breakdown because Activision has yet to confirm it, but we can suggest that 40GB is for Modern Warfare Remastered, as that's the size of the MWR Campaign Early Access currently available to download on PS4. That leaves a whopping 90GB for Infinite Warfare. Perhaps the size is the result of support for the 4K-fuelled PlayStation 4 Pro? We've asked Activision for clarification. Meanwhile, it's worth noting that if you have downloaded the 40GB Modern Warfare Remastered Campaign Early Access to your PS4, come launch day, you'll have to download the game again. Per the FAQ on Activision's website: The early access period will end on November 3rd. On launch day, you must install the full version of Modern Warfare Remastered that is included with the Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Legacy Edition, Legacy Pro Edition, Digital Legacy Edition or Digital Deluxe Edition. So, let's say you're downloading the whole lot - that is, Modern Warfare Remastered Campaign Early Access, then Infinite Warfare and Modern Warfare Remastered on 3rd November. You've got 40GB now, then potentially 130GB on launch day. Ouch. Oh, and let's not forget, if you go physical, you need to have the Infinite Warfare disc inserted in your console to play Modern Warfare Remastered. Our digital future! Buy Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare from Amazon [?] Games featured in this article Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare PC, Xbox One, PlayStation 4 Follow 179 Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare review PS4 Pro games list, specs comparison and everything else we know about Sony's new hardware Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare beta - What time does it start, pre-loading and everything you need to know Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered Xbox One, PlayStation 4, PC Follow 126 Follow the games you're interested in and we'll send you an email the instant we publish new articles about them. Sometimes we include links to online retail stores. If you click on one and make a purchase we may receive a small commission. For more information, go here. About Wesley Yin-Poole Wesley is Eurogamer's news editor. He likes news, interviews, and more news. He also likes Street Fighter more than anyone can get him to shut up about it. From the web Sponsored links by Taboola Subscribe to The Eurogamer.net Daily. The 10 most popular stories of the day, delivered at 5pm UK time. Never miss a thing. Comments (98) Comments for this article are now closed, but please feel free to continue chatting on the forum! Order Oldest Newest Best Worst Score -25 -10 -1 0 +1 +10 +25 Should you put an SSD in your PS4? Why a new hard drive could make a big performance difference. Loading... hold tight! Mobile Desktop Staff Contact us Policy centre Cookies Corporate site Twitter Facebook RSS Gamer Network Eurogamer.be Eurogamer.cz Eurogamer.de Eurogamer.dk Eurogamer.es Eurogamer.it Eurogamer.net Eurogamer.nl Eurogamer.pl Eurogamer.pt Eurogamer.se Brasilgamer.com.br GamesIndustry.biz Rock, Paper, Shotgun VG247.com VG247.it VG247 Türkiye NintendoLife.com USgamer.net Metabomb: Hearthstone Guides Metabomb: Heroes of the Storm Guides Metabomb: Overwatch Guides Metabomb: WOW Legion Guides Gamer's Edition Jelly Deals Hosted by dx.net
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People Courts ACA Backs Cox in Liability Judgment Appeal By John Eggerton Nov 15, 2016 FCC FCC’s Wheeler Gets Pushback on Continued Agenda Push By John Eggerton Nov 15, 2016 Ratings Fox News, CNN Dominate Weekly Cable Ratings By R. Thomas Umstead Nov 15, 2016 TV Apps Google Freshens Up Fiber TV App By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 15, 2016 Demand Progress 'Bucks' Up for New Net-Neutrality Fight By John Eggerton Nov 15, 2016 Viacom Buys Argentine Broadcaster for $345M By Mike Farrell Nov 15, 2016 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community Picture This Holidays Come to TV Early By R. Thomas Umstead MCN Guest Blog Strengthening the Cord With Cause-and-Effect Analysis By Marek Polonski, APT Community MCN Online Extra -- Nov. 14, 2016 By MCN Staff Picture This Dan Rather Trumped Election Prognosticators By R. Thomas Umstead Daydream View Reviews Roll In By Jeff Baumgartner One Share, One Vote Is Fair By Edward Bleier, Media Industry Adviser Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Nov 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 Nov 07, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 Oct 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Oct 24, 2016 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights Broadband Videotron Sparks DOCSIS 3.1 Deployment By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 15, 2016 Next TV Comcast Streamlines X1 Video Playback By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 15, 2016 TV Apps Google Freshens Up Fiber TV App By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 15, 2016 Policy Demand Progress 'Bucks' Up for New Net-Neutrality Fight By John Eggerton Nov 15, 2016 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News1 Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Oct 04 2016 Technology CableLabs Unit Tackles IoT Testing Kyrio providing device testing for Open Connectivity Foundation 10/04/2016 5:15 PM Eastern By: Jeff Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator Kyrio, the for-profit subsidiary of CableLabs, has branched into Internet of Things device certification and compliance testing for the Open Connectivity Foundation (OCF).   Kyrio said its vendor-neutral IoT testing service complements its existing wireless, network and security testing services business. The OFC standard is supported by about 200 members, spanning consumer, enterprise, industrial, automotive and health industries. Examples of OFC members include Arris, CableLabs, Cisco Systems, Samsung, Microsoft, Qualcomm, Intel, Comcast, HP, and IBM.   RELATED: CableLabs Rebrands Security Spin-Off   IoT testing expands on Kyrio’s areas of business. Kyrio is also developing a WiFi roaming hub/interconnection service (subscription required) for cable operators and partners outside the cable industry, though the initial focus is on independent MSOs, with Midco being the first announced partner for the program.   Kyrio’s flagship business is a Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) service, used by MSOs, device makers and trade associations such as the Wi-Fi Alliance. In addition to performance-testing services, which include the new IoT focus, Kyrio also runs Go2Broadband, an offering that started out as a service locator for cable-modem service, but has since evolved into a cloud-based platform that connects resellers and partners such as Best Buy to cable operator services, and as a resource for consumers who move residences and need to switch providers.   “As the Open Connectivity Foundation continues its efforts spearheading IoT standards, we are delighted to work with the world’s top testing laboratories to offer IoT certification testing for our members,” said Michael Richmond, executive director of the Open Connectivity Foundation, in a statement. The addition of Kyrio as an authorized test lab will ensure that we meet the demand for OCF certification testing, helping technology companies and developers achieve complete interoperability across their devices.”   “Our experience helping manufacturers achieve certifications, test interoperability across vendor solutions, and quickly bring new products and technologies to market uniquely positions Kyrio in the marketplace,” added Mitch Ashley, president and GM of Kyrio. “Working with OCF enables us to continue delivering on our commitment to innovation to tackle tough device interoperability challenges and deliver the best end user IoT experience.”   Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Newsletter Here! TAGS: CableLabs    Kyrio    Internet of Things    IOT    Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: ‘The Trans List,’ Exploring The Lives Of A Diverse Group Of Transgender Americans, Debuts Dec. 5 Exclusively On HBO Who Knew Payback Could Look So Good? E!’S “Revenge Body With Khloé Kardashian” Premieres Thursday, January 12th At 8pm Et/Pt Renowned Art + Technology Company The Artery Launches Experiential Arm and Names Yaron Tsinman, Creative Director Archion's Ultra High Performance EditStor Omni Media Storage Certified for Blackmagic Design's DaVinci Resolve and DaVinci Resolve Studio: Facilis TerraBlock at work on Canadian family drama series Backstage Eutelsat and Broadpeak Combine Skills for Satellite Delivery of Live TV and VOD to Mobile Devices Kaltura Integrates with Stripe FLEX Creative Acquires Noted Marketing, Promotions and Production Company SuchAGoodDog: AlticeUSA/Cablevision & CATV-TI partner Cisco Showcases Data-Sharing Digital Platform at Smart City Expo World Congress 2016 Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → FCC Takes Aim at DirecTV Now PlayStation Vue Offers Big 4 Broadcast TV Feeds in All O&O Markets What A&E Wants You to Know About ‘Live PD’ PlayStation Vue Dropping Viacom Channels Roger Keating Named Hearst TV Chief Strategy Officer Related Stories CableLabs Project Eyes Whole-Home WiFi Jeff Baumgartner - 11/02/2016 12:26:00 PM America/New_York As whole-home WiFi systems become an increasing important Comcast Launches IoT Trial Venture Called machineQ Jeff Baumgartner - 10/06/2016 10:30:00 AM America/New_York Comcast has launched machineQ, a “business trial SCTE/ISBE Eyes IoT Standards Jeff Baumgartner - 10/06/2016 09:12:00 AM America/New_York SCTE/ISBE announced the creation of an Internet of Subscribe Now Events See All Events → December Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Convene,&nbspNew York,&nbspNY Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Freeze Frame -- Oct. 17, 2016 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Tuesday, Sept. 27 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Monday, Sept. 26 Freeze Frame -- Sept. 12, 2016 See All → NBC Universal Names Nygren VP Live Entertainment CCA Urges FCC to Stick With 39-Month Repack Timeline Sen. Thune Asks FCC's Wheeler to Avoid Controversial Votes Syndication Ratings: 'Judge Judy' Evades Pre-Election Week Declines ACA Backs Cox in Liability Judgment Appeal Samsung Bets Big on the Connected Car With Harman Deal Spotify Addresses “Junk Data” Problem Nugen Audio Announces MasterCheck Pro DAB Stakeholders Meet in Vienna Lynx Links to Dante All the Chatter on 'Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk' 2016 DCS Post Production Expo, Nov. 19, L.A. More & Better Pixels: How NASA Plans to Use HDR, 4K, VR to Take Everyone Along for the Ride to Mars Here's a Thorough Look at the New MacBook Pro Sparks Fly in Colorful New Flaming Lips Music Video CBS News App Adds 360 Video PBS News Anchor Gwen Ifill Dead at 61 Teracue Signs on With AVBB for Distribution in Americas JVC to Showcase VideoCloud at GV Expo Fostering a Startup Mentality Within Your Organization News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
null
Skip to main content Wed, Nov 16, 2016 Technology » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Blogs Focus Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsBlogsFocusMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Technology STARTUPS Call to woo hardware builders to augment S'pore's startup ecosystem But inexperience with physical work, lack of talent and MNC support are hurdles to overcome By Jacquelyn Cheokjaccheok@sph.com.sg@JacCheokBT Tony Chao, senior investment director of Applied Ventures (the venture capital arm of Applied Materials), told The Business Times at the sidelines of Ventures Day that the event sought to create enthusiasm around hardware or deep tech startups, a relatively nascent sector here. PHOTO: APPLIED MATERIALS Oct 5, 2016 5:50 AM Singapore FOR years, Singapore has nurtured software startups. It should now aim to add another piece to the jigsaw with a new focus on hardware to drive its next wave of industry growth. This was a key takeaway from a startup pitching event hosted by Applied Materials. Named Ventures Day, it was held in Singapore for the first time on Tuesday by the Nasdaq-listed materials engineering firm. Tony Chao, senior investment director of Applied Ventures (the venture capital arm of Applied Materials), told The Business Times at the sidelines of Ventures Day that the event sought to create enthusiasm around hardware or deep tech startups, a relatively nascent sector here. He highlighted that Singapore's shift from software to hardware was contrary to the case in Silicon Valley, where entrepreneurial activity originated in hardware around 1971 (with silicon computer chip makers like Intel) and in recent years moved into software (with eBay and Facebook). In general, hardware startups build physical products using deep tech, while software startups build digital products and are relatively easier and cheaper to start. Hardware teams are bigger, and require more capital for prototyping and inventory. But Mr Chao said that Singapore can "make the climb", and is poised to be a regional hub for hardware startups - given great infrastructure, talent and intellectual property rights, as well as capital efficiency. When asked if the Republic should first focus on attracting funds or startups, he pointed to funds as "these can always survive" and show a commitment to growing the hardware sector. Mr Chao told BT: "It's not going to be quick. It will take patience, commitment, and a few more years of incubation." This was also a view echoed by a panel discussion held at the event, titled Opportunities and Challenges of Hardware Startups in Singapore. Taras Wankewycz, a panellist and founder of robotics startup H3 Dynamics, said that a main challenge here was that people have "lost the capability to work with their hands". To build hardware, one had to go from idea to prototype, a capability that was "very difficult to find" here. Lim Chee Kean, chief of smart logistics firm Ascent Solutions, added that deep tech startup founders - notably those from research institutions - tended to still wear their research hats and not think about commercialisation. He said: "They have a solution and are now waiting for a problem." Mike Holt, vice-president of the Singapore Semiconductor Industry Association, suggested that startups do not get sufficient support from MNCs (multi-national corporations). "So many MNCs here have been historically set up as operations or development groups, and are by nature, looking outward as their headquarters are somewhere else. They don't really connect or collaborate with the local startups ecosystem at large." Mr Holt said that this was a pity because homegrown startups can offer innovative solutions that may be useful to MNCs, and in exchange, leverage MNCs' resources to grow. Edwin Chow, group director for industry development and innovation and startups at Spring Singapore, said that talent here is scarce. Even among those trained in deep tech, not everyone is entrepreneurially inclined. "We need to bring in hungry talent from outside to start these companies." Lim Jui, the head of NTUitive (Nanyang Technological University's innovation and enterprise arm), noted that hardware startups are complex, expensive, and require government support as did software startups. As if to prove the point that the government plays a key role in shaping ecosystems, Dr Lim joked: "If EDB's budget had been cut in half and it wasn't as great in bringing in MNCs, we would see more entrepreneurs." The Economic Development Board of Singapore (EDB) plans and executes strategies to enhance Singapore's position as a global business centre. Applied Materials set up shop in Singapore in 1991, using the country as its headquarters for South-east Asia. Applied Ventures' Mr Chao said: "We will similarly leverage Singapore's connectivity to explore new opportunities in South-east Asia." Since 2005, Applied Ventures has invested over US$200 million in over 60 companies globally. The sole Singapore-based startup in its portfolio is Tera-Barrier Films, which develops high-performance flexible barrier films that improve the life cycle and reliability of flexible electronics such as flex-PV, OLED, and thin film batteries. On Tuesday, among the hardware startups that pitched were Nanoveu, which has created a product that delivers 3D on high-resolution smart devices without the need for 3D glasses; and one BioMed, which is developing point-of-care medical tests for respiratory diseases and women's reproductive health in Asia.   More Garena's secret sauce: its people Funding eludes the 'middle-kid' fintechs Jubilee unveils US$100m kitty for Series A startups Handshakes portal sets course for expansion SGX, NUS law faculty hold roundtable on dual-class shares Smartphones, software key to achieving erstwhile dotcom dreams Purchase this article as keepsake. PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Technology WhatsApp suspends giving Facebook European user data 11:22 AM Nintendo to release first iPhone Super Mario game on Dec 15 8:46 AM Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected 7:22 AM Snapchat said to file confidentially for public offering 7:05 AM Funding eludes the 'middle-kid' fintechs 5:50 AM Big Brother of big data among hackcelerator winners 5:50 AM Breaking News 3:31 pm Hugo Boss expects to return to growth by 2018 3:25 pm Plan to transform Singapore logistics sector will add 2,000 PMET jobs: Iswaran 3:24 pm ABN Amro quarterly profit up 19%; bank to shed more jobs 3:13 pm Sibor up for 3rd consecutive day 3:10 pm Worst still to come for Norway offshore fleet as more rigs idled 2:55 pm Malaysia demands foreign banks commit to stop offshore ringgit trading - sources 2:48 pm Britain's home ownership declining as young people grow poorer 2:38 pm De Kooning painting fetches record US$66m at Christie's 2:33 pm Tokyo: Stocks close at new 9-month high on weak yen 2:24 pm Australian shares shed gains after weak wage data; NZ surges on Back to top Most Read 1 Malaysian ringgit plunges in offshore markets; central bank locks spot in 2 Watch for financial distress signs before it's too late: analysts 3 Sibor, SOR up sharply as domestic funding conditions tighten 4 Reflections from the School of Life 5 Kevin Wo to replace Jessica Tan as Microsoft Singapore MD Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Blogs Focus Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Advertise Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2016 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service e-Edition BeeBuzzPoints About Us About Us Contact Us Apps Newsletters Twitter, Facebook, Google+, YouTube News in Education (NIE) Election Results Local Sacramento Region Arena City Beat Local Govt Salary Database Crime Education Environment Health & Medicine Transportation Traffic Conditions Weather Marcos Breton Communities Elk Grove Folsom/El Dorado Roseville/Placer Yolo Sports Sports Kings Kings Corner with Jason Jones NBA News 49ers with Matt Barrows Giants Oakland A's High School Sports Joe Davidson Ailene Voisin Andy Furillo More Sports Raiders NFL News MLB News River Cats Soccer Colleges Golf Auto Racing Politics Politics Capitol Alert State Workers Voter Guide President 2016 CA Elections 2016 Elections 2016 Local Elections PoliGRAPH The Money Trail Lobbying & Influence State Worker Salary Database Bill Tracker Track the Legislature Legislative Gifts Dan Walters Dan Morain Investigations Investigations Data Tracker Public Eye Afghan Refugees Bay Bridge California Prisons Nursing Homes Opinion Opinion Editorials Election Endorsements Viewpoints California Forum The Conversation Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Jack Ohman Columnists Dan Morain Shawn Hubler Foon Rhee Erika D. Smith Joyce Terhaar Editorial Board Entertainment Entertainment & Life Arts & Theater Books Home & Garden with Debbie Arrington Movies Music Outdoors Pets Travel More Entertainment Events Calendar Horoscopes Comics Puzzles TV Listings Food & Drink Food & Drink Restaurant News Dining Reviews Restaurant Directory Cooking & Recipes Beer Wine Appetizers Blog California California Marijuana Water & Drought Lottery Business Business Real Estate Market Summary Cathie Anderson Nation & World Nation & World National World Technology Family Celebrities TV news Weird News Video Break Obituaries News Obituaries Death Notices FAQ ObitMessenger In Memoriam Local Deals Today's Deal Find & Save Grocery Coupons Weekly Ads The Sacramento Bee Store Golf Card Farm to Fork Dining Card Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Classifieds Legal Notices Place an Ad Advertise Editorials October 4, 2016 5:03 PM Don’t sell Sacramento short, but also measure the gains Barry Broome, the Sacramento region’s chief economic development recruiter, has embarked on a mission to snag jobs that companies on the rise might send off-shore or to lower-cost regions in the country. Brian Nguyen Sacramento Bee i By the Editorial Board Many years ago, 27 or so, before the Hyatt and Sheraton and Citizen, a San Franciscan had occasion to stay in a downtown Sacramento hotel and noticed creepy six-legged guests in his room. Apologetic hotel staff gave the guest another room, and, when he checked out in the morning, sheepishly handed him the bill, with the price reduced due to what they labeled a “cockroach discount.” The guest did what any self-respecting San Franciscan would do: He told the ultimate arbiter of right and wrong, the late great San Francisco Chronicle columnist Herb Caen, who happily turned it into an item, further cementing The City’s dim view of its sad and distant cousin up Interstate 80. Barry Broome, the Sacramento region’s chief economic development recruiter, has his work cut out. But ever the salesman, Broome has a vision and a pitch, and that’s important for a city that is, as Bay Area snobs are wont to say, halfway between San Francisco and Lake Tahoe. Broome and Mayor-elect Darrell Steinberg told The Sacramento Bee editorial board Tuesday that they have embarked on a mission to snag not necessarily Google, Apple, Tesla, Intel, Facebook or other blue-chip corporate headquarters, but jobs that they and smaller companies on the rise might send off-shore or to lower-cost regions in the country. Some 119,000 local residents commute each day to the Bay Area, and 89,000 Bay Area residents come to Sacramento. In some ways, the merger has already begun. Broome’s counterpart, Jim Wunderman of the Bay Area Council, appears to be on the same page, telling an editorial board member that he supports boosting the concept of a mega-region that includes Sacramento. Wunderman and Steinberg will appear on a panel Wednesday at an incubator on Market Street in San Francisco. They don’t have specific goals; as this project evolves, Broome and Steinberg should set a target for net job and payroll gains, preferably for the benefit of people in need who currently live in the region. Without specific goals, no one will be able to gauge success. No one expects Sacramento to supplant Silicon Valley, and it never will be San Francisco. But Sacramento has much to offer. Broome touts the Sacramento region’s universities, its educated workforce, the ports of Stockton and West Sacramento, and its proximity to the gold that can be mined from the San Francisco area. Sand Hill Road, the Wall Street of venture capital, is a short drive from Sacramento, traffic permitting. Sacramento land and housing prices are higher than, say, Indianapolis, but they’re lower than anything in San Francisco, on the Peninsula, or in much of the East Bay. In some ways, the merger has begun. Who knew that 119,000 Sacramento-area residents commute each day to the Bay Area, and that 89,000 Bay Area residents come to Sacramento? That’s 21 percent of the workforce. Therein lies one of the rubs. How to get the 90 miles from downtown Sacramento to downtown San Francisco? The drive takes two hours, or more in rush hour – or, more accurately, rush hours, because jams and bottlenecks go on all day. Seamless rail service is one answer. Steinberg, the former state Senate leader, vowed to focus on extracting funds from the Capitol as soon as he takes office. The hope, he and others say, is to push rail commute times from San Francisco to Sacramento down to 90 minutes, preferably 60. It couldn’t happen soon enough. Caen, the Sacamenna Kid who defined all that was proper in San Francisco in his day, still would need some convincing. But Steinberg and Broome made their pitch as Paul McCartney was preparing to christen Golden 1 Center. Sacramento does have more going for it now than it did when a hotel manager felt compelled to discount hotel rooms due to vermin. The task of Broome and hizzoner-elect will be to tell that story to the outside world. Related content Editorials Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:56 Death row inmate Lawrence Bittaker said he's getting afraid of death Pause 1:40 Jogger describes seeing truck plunge into Sacramento River 1:36 Wife of man under deportation order fights for his freedom 2:15 Behind the scenes look at the world's largest cruise ship 1:12 Mark DiCamillo on how presidential polls got it wrong 0:55 Is it right for a high school teacher to talk politics? 1:02 California teachers' union protests its employer 3:05 Colin Kaepernick kneels during the National Anthem in final 49ers preseason football game 4:02 Football fans on Kaepernick's ongoing national anthem protest 0:11 Dakota pipeline foes take to J Street in downtown Sacramento Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 months ago Trump protesters pack big guns 1:11 4 months ago Trump protesters pack big guns 5:34 9 months ago Tax reform is 'profoundly difficult' in California, Gavin Newsom says 2:42 9 months ago Video: Gavin Newsom on financing marijuana dispensaries View more video Editorials Trump must act quickly to calm nation Forget protests. There’s a better way to reform Sacramento police Stanislaus County deputy’s murder extinguished a bright light California’s next AG will need skill to lead nationally When Donald Trump is a role model, hate speech happens Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Subscribe Customer Service e-Edition News in Education (NIE) Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Photo Reprints Jobs at The Bee Social, Mobile & More Smartphone and Tablet Apps Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Place a Classified Ad Place a Legal Notice Place a Digital Ad Place a Newspaper Ad Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Subscribe Customer Service e-Edition News in Education (NIE) Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Photo Reprints Jobs at The Bee Social, Mobile & More Smartphone and Tablet Apps Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Place a Classified Ad Place a Legal Notice Place a Digital Ad Place a Newspaper Ad More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse #BlackMoney News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy Tibetan PM greets next UN Secretary-General Congress to move court against Punjab move on Rs 31,000 crore food grain scam Business Standard ASUS, ROG launch new laptops with powerful graphic card IANS  |  New Delhi  October 6, 2016 Last Updated at 17:06 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TIMkqj Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Asus 'ZenFone 3' smartphone to be launched in Taiwan today ASUS unveils new Zenfone Selfie smartphone ASUS launches 'Republic of Gamers' store in Bhubaneswar ASUS launches world's first liquid-cooled laptop in India ASUS launches new laptop in India at Rs 46,990 Taiwan-based computer hardware company ASUS and Republic of Gamers (ROG) on Thursday launched two new gaming laptops equipped with the latest "Nvidia Pascal GeForce GTX10" series graphic card in India. The laptops -- ASUS ROG GL502VS and G752VS -- are priced at Rs 1,81,990 and Rs 2,47,990, respectively. "The Nvidia GeForce GTX 10 series graphics cards provide exceptional performance and energy efficiency to give gamers incredible VR-gaming experiences," the company said in a statement. These graphics cards also feature Nvidia "G-SYNC" technology to reduce lag and stutter and eliminate visual tearing for fastest gaming visuals. ROG G752VS comes with the Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 GPU, Windows 10 Pro, 6th generation Intel Skylake unlocked Core i7 processor and up to 64GB RAM. GL502VS sports a VR-ready graphic card, offering a smooth and stutter-free virtual reality experience. The laptops are available at leading stores along with Asus exclusive outlets. --IANS vc/na/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Asus | India | Taiwan | News-ians | Business-economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online ASUS, ROG launch new laptops with powerful graphic card Taiwan-based computer hardware company ASUS and Republic of Gamers (ROG) on Thursday launched two new gaming laptops equipped with the latest "Nvidia Pascal GeForce GTX10" series graphic card in India. Taiwan-based computer hardware company ASUS and Republic of Gamers (ROG) on Thursday launched two new gaming laptops equipped with the latest "Nvidia Pascal GeForce GTX10" series graphic card in India. The laptops -- ASUS ROG GL502VS and G752VS -- are priced at Rs 1,81,990 and Rs 2,47,990, respectively. "The Nvidia GeForce GTX 10 series graphics cards provide exceptional performance and energy efficiency to give gamers incredible VR-gaming experiences," the company said in a statement. These graphics cards also feature Nvidia "G-SYNC" technology to reduce lag and stutter and eliminate visual tearing for fastest gaming visuals. ROG G752VS comes with the Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 GPU, Windows 10 Pro, 6th generation Intel Skylake unlocked Core i7 processor and up to 64GB RAM. GL502VS sports a VR-ready graphic card, offering a smooth and stutter-free virtual reality experience. The laptops are available at leading stores along with Asus exclusive outlets. --IANS vc/na/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 ASUS, ROG launch new laptops with powerful graphic card Taiwan-based computer hardware company ASUS and Republic of Gamers (ROG) on Thursday launched two new gaming laptops equipped with the latest "Nvidia Pascal GeForce GTX10" series graphic card in India. The laptops -- ASUS ROG GL502VS and G752VS -- are priced at Rs 1,81,990 and Rs 2,47,990, respectively. "The Nvidia GeForce GTX 10 series graphics cards provide exceptional performance and energy efficiency to give gamers incredible VR-gaming experiences," the company said in a statement. These graphics cards also feature Nvidia "G-SYNC" technology to reduce lag and stutter and eliminate visual tearing for fastest gaming visuals. ROG G752VS comes with the Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 GPU, Windows 10 Pro, 6th generation Intel Skylake unlocked Core i7 processor and up to 64GB RAM. GL502VS sports a VR-ready graphic card, offering a smooth and stutter-free virtual reality experience. The laptops are available at leading stores along with Asus exclusive outlets. --IANS vc/na/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
