null
null
null
X ALL SECTIONS HOME BUSINESS NATIONAL POLITICS ASEAN+ OPINION LIFE TECH TRAVEL SPORTS SUNDAY Trump Presidency Stock watch Video Photo Nation Junior E-paper ANN Subscribe Phuket Gazette Facebook Epaper SMS RSS HOME business Macroeconomics Stock tips Auto Property G2G deals in Q4 to boost rice exports  by   PETCHANET PRATRUANGKRAI THE NATION Nov 17,2016 18:34 Online Korea TV shows provider ‘violated Copyright Act’ by  PETCHANET PRATRUANGKRAI, WATCHIRANONT THONGTEP THE NATION Nov 17,2016 18:37 Trend of disruptive technologies to affect daily lives increasingly by KWANCHAI RUNGFAPAISARN THE NATION Nov 16,2016 18:15 Broadband connectivity key to wide-ranging progress in Asia-Pacific, says ITU by USANEE MONGKOLPORN THE NATION Nov 16,2016 18:19 Media by SCB Securities Sep 22,2016 15:36 Food by SCB Securities Sep 20,2016 18:36 Workpoint Entertainment by Kasikorn Securities Sep 20,2016 18:43 CP All by SCB Securities Sep 20,2016 18:39 Big injection seen as 1st-car scheme ends by THE NATION Oct 31,2016 19:01 Nissan appoints Barthes as president for Thailand by Oct 30,2016 18:34 SEVEN COMPANIES PICKED TO PRODUCE POWER OUT |OF INDUSTRIAL WASTE by Oct 30,2016 18:39 Nissan's Ghosn to head Mitsubishi Motors: report by Agence France-Presse Oct 19,2016 15:27 New Takeoffs by The Nation Nov 17,2016 18:26 Top developers buck trends, post good revenue by   SOMLUCK SRIMALEE THE NATION Nov 17,2016 18:47 Co-working spaces proving to be popular with small businesses by THE NATION Nov 17,2016 18:51 Vietnam’s city Da Nang to adjust its master plan by   VIET NAM NEWS ASIA NEWS NETWORK DA NANG, VIETNAM Nov 17,2016 18:53 national politics ASEAN+ Asean Plus Where to go? life Eateries Vietnam extends runway on island claimed by China: monitor by Agence France-Presse Nov 18,2016 18:24 Marcos laid to rest in ‘sneaky’ rites at Libingan ng mga Bayani by Tarra Quismundo Philippine Daily Inquirer Asia News Network Nov 18,2016 13:38 Malaysians to rally against prime minister, demand resignation by Deutsche Presse Agentur Nov 18,2016 13:06 No, I did not marry a snake, says firefighter by DINA MURAD The Star Asia News Network PETALING JAYA Nov 18,2016 08:59 Flying high to Hanoi by The Nation Nov 01,2016 17:30 Island of the gods by Urisara Kowitdamrong The Nation South Korea Oct 25,2016 22:09 Bhutan sees a drop in tourist arrivals by Kuensel Asia News Network THIMPHU, Bhutan Sep 28,2016 17:24 Indonesia envisions Bali as gastronomy tourism destination by The Jakarta Post Asia News Network JAKARTA Sep 28,2016 13:39 Reflections on an Asian world by Huang Lijie The Straits Times Asia News Network Oct 28,2016 20:13 Music for His Majesty by Kitchana Lersakvanitchakul THE NATION Oct 28,2016 16:07 Apple introduces MacBook with touch screen functions by Deutsche Presse Agentur Oct 28,2016 07:52 Lotus cuisine, food for the soul by Hà Nguyen Vietnam News HANOI Sep 28,2016 17:32 ASEAN foods whet appetites at culinary festival by Korea Herald Asia News Network Nov 08,2016 09:35 Michelin names two 3-star eateries in first Seoul guide by Nov 07,2016 16:00 Stars for the STOMACH by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Oct 27,2016 12:15 Where to eat in the Kingdom by SPECIAL TO THE NATION SINGAPORE Oct 27,2016 12:20 opinion Today's editorial Letters to editor Trump and the granting of reckless wishes by The Nation Nov 17,2016 18:05 When tough guys finish first by The Nation Nov 16,2016 18:03 A moment when all seemed possible by The Nation Nov 15,2016 17:59 In Myanmar, a shocking setback for democracy by The Nation Nov 14,2016 18:12 City Hall has shredded its own reputation by Nov 17,2016 18:09 Trump was stupid, but not racist or misogynistic  by Nov 17,2016 18:10 Thai farmers being thrown to wolves of the market  by Nov 17,2016 18:12 Open letter to Myanmar leaders on abuse of media freedom by Nov 16,2016 18:07 life Arts & culture Music Box office Eat in / eat out Jinyang Palace of Sui Dynasty found in Shanxi by China Daily Asia News Network China Nov 18,2016 09:17 Four days in ‘THE FIELDS’ by THE NATION Nov 17,2016 15:11 Celebrity chefs swap kitchen delights by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Nov 17,2016 15:30 Button up your overcoat by THE NATION Nov 16,2016 16:46 Back from hiatus, Metallica still angry by Agence France-Presse Nov 17,2016 07:10 Bieber tops MTV Europe awards, as Beyonce snubbed by Agence France-Presse Nov 07,2016 09:18 Four Stars are born Asia-wide contest by THE NATION Oct 20,2016 20:06 Bryan Adams and Blue Man show postponed by The Nation Oct 18,2016 13:13 DISNEY takes a tiki turn by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION SINGAPORE Nov 17,2016 15:43 In celebration of ‘Mexicanidad’ by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Nov 10,2016 14:38 The other face of Asean by The Nation Nov 10,2016 14:41 Odyssey into the UNKNOWN by The Nation Nov 03,2016 15:56 Stars for the STOMACH by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Oct 27,2016 12:15 Where to eat in the Kingdom by SPECIAL TO THE NATION SINGAPORE Oct 27,2016 12:20 Curry with a healthy twist by THE NATION Aug 26,2016 16:41 Fabulous food, wonderful wines by Manta Klangboonkrong THE NATI Jul 06,2016 16:29 TECH travel Check in Around Thailand Getaways Travel news Bedding down in The Bund by Phoowadon Duangmee The Nation Shanghai, China Nov 01,2016 17:12 Basking in sea of opulence by PATCHAREE LUENGUTHAI SPECIAL TO THE NATION VIETNAM Oct 25,2016 21:58 Sun, sea and stunning views by Chusri Ngamprasert The Nation Sep 27,2016 23:24 Paws for thought by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG TH Sep 06,2016 21:48 Blasts from the past by THE NATION Nov 15,2016 20:50 Delicious dining in the air by THE NATION Nov 08,2016 21:58 Flying high to Hanoi by The Nation Nov 01,2016 17:30 The Victory Monument was built to celebrate Thailand's victory, in 1941, in a war against which European nation? by Travel quiz Nov 01,2016 10:55 Busy Days, Blissful Nights by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Nov 08,2016 21:49 Winter with a wow factor by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Nov 01,2016 17:23 Bliss by the beach by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Oct 11,2016 20:35 Getting high in the low season by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE Sep 06,2016 22:03 Hue to reopen exhibit of Champa antiques by VIET NAM NEWS/asian news networks Nov 04,2016 11:31 TAT updates for the general public wishing to pay their respects to His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej by Tourism Authority of Thailand Oct 27,2016 16:19 THAI implemented a rescheduling/rerouting fee waiver by Thai Airways Oct 25,2016 10:39 Recommendations regarding Mourning Period for His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej by Tourism Authority of Thailand Oct 21,2016 15:07 sports sunday Trump Presidency Stock watch Video Photo Nation Junior E-paper ANN Subscribe Phuket Gazette Saturday, November 19, 2016 LIFE LEISURE A featherweight with a mighty punch September 24, 2016 01:00 By Paisal Chuenprasaeng THE NATION The HP Spectre 13 Ultrabook is sleek, sexy and spectacularly thin A SLEEK, elegant and powerful notebook with a super thin chassis, the HP Spectre 13 might well be the most portable computer on the market, weighing in at a mere 1.163 kgs. The model I tested, the 13-V005TU, is powered by a powerful Intel Core i7-6500U running at 2.5 GHz and equipped with plenty of working memory – 8 gigabytes of RAM. It has a 512 GB fast PCIe SSD drive and it runs on Windows 10 Pro 64-bit edition. The chassis is crafted with durable aluminium and carbon fibre in a two-tone design – the dark grey body in nice contrast with the high-gloss gold back edge that houses two hinges and three USB Type-C ports, one of which is used for recharging the notebook, and a headphone jack. The notebook uses a hidden piston hinge to create the illusion of a hinge-less design for a premium look and feel. Its backlit keyboard and glass trackpad add an even sexier twist.  Billed as the thinnest notebook ever to be released, the display and keyboard are just 10.4mm thick, which has been achieved by removing all the ports. The HDMI output, full-size USB and LAN ports are instead provided in USB-C adapters. The adapters must be connected to the USB Type-C ports at the back. The Spectre 13 comes with a sharp and bright Full HD IPS edge-to-edge display that is protected by Corning Gorilla glass. The display is very good for editing photos, showing presentations and watching Full HD movies. Its graphics horsepower comes from Intel HD Graphics 520. Although the Spectre 13 is powered by a fast processor and despite its thin design, the cooling system is good. It uses a breakthrough hyperbaric cooling technology from Intel that actively draws cool air in and directs it over the processor to keep it running at peak performance. The Spectre 13 showed off its impressive performance during the test, starting up and shutting down instantly and running business applications like Microsoft Word and Excel fast and smoothly. Full HD video clips also played smoothly. The notebook has good sound too as it uses HP Audio Boost and Bang & Olufsen Audio technologies. HP Audio Boost raises the volume and makes its crystal clear. The Bang & Olufsen four-speaker set-up and its Smart Amp function and software reproduces good quality sound so that you enjoy both movies and music.  The Spectre 13 has fast wireless connection, using Intel dual band AC8260 Wi-Fi 802.11 ac adapter. I connected it to my Linksys WRT1200AC wireless router and was pleased at the speed of the Internet connection, which allowed me to easily stream music and video files from other computers on my home network fast and smoothly. The adapter supports Intel WiDi and is compatible with Miracast-certified devices, such as new smart TVs. The Spectre 13 has up to nine hours of battery life. It uses a hybrid battery that is split into thinner pieces but delivers the same wattage as a single battery.  The package also comes with 13.3-inch leather sleeve. HP Spectre 13-V005TU has a suggested retail price of Bt69,990.   Key Specs - OS: Windows 10 Pro 64 - CPU: Intel Core i7-6500U 2.5GHz - Memory: 8 GB LPDD3-1866 |on-board RAM - Hard drive: 512 GB PCIe SSD - Graphics: Intel HD Graphics 520 - Display: 13.3-inch FHD BrightView (1920x1080) 2.0mm panel - Wireless connectivity: Intel Dual band wireless-AC 8260 802.11ac 2x2 WiFi + BT 4.2 Combo Adaptor - Audio: BANG & OLUFSEN, Quad Speakers, Support Smart Amp functionality - Webcam: HP TrueVision HD: |HD camera - indicator LED, USB2.0, BSI sensor, f2.4, 720p - Ports: 3.5 Headphone / Microphone Combo Jack; 1 USB Type-C; 2x USB 3.1 Gen 2 with Thunderbolt Gen 3 technology - Battery: 4 cell Polymer |battery - 38Whr (4.95AH) - Dimensions: 325 x 229.4 x10.4 mm - Weight: 1.163 kg   Tags Gadgets Most Viewed TODAY LAST 7 Days LAST 30 Days Jinyang Palace of Sui Dynasty found in Shanxi... Archaeologists working at Jinyang ancien... life Nov 18,2016 09:17 DISNEY takes a tiki turn... Meet the young Hawaiian and Thai who giv... life Nov 18,2016 01:00 Celebrity chefs swap kitchen delights... Three Bangkok restaurants take part in i... life Nov 18,2016 01:00 Four days in ‘THE FIELDS’... The popular environmentally conscious ca... life Nov 18,2016 01:00 China’s northern wonderland... Bisected by the Great Wall, alluring Yul... life Nov 14,2016 01:00 Patriotic art wins UOB prize... Indonesian Gatot Indrajati comes up with... life Nov 14,2016 01:00 A bas-relief tradition lives on in Vietnam... Restoring antiquities has made sculptor ... life Nov 14,2016 01:00 The world pays tribute... Leading Thai content management company ... life Nov 12,2016 01:00 Saving Ayutthaya, brick by brick... As conservators fret, a symposium seeks ... life Nov 14,2016 01:00 Rituals in a Royal’s death... The rites and funeral of His Majesty Kin... life Oct 21,2016 01:00 Voices of Unity... Maestro Somtow Sucharitkul explains the ... life Nov 01,2016 01:00 Letting the music speak... In the third part of our "Songs for the ... life Nov 05,2016 01:00 Where to eat in the Kingdom... Thailand restaurants are recognised in T... life Oct 28,2016 01:00 Stars for the STOMACH... Leading chefs from the Netherlands offer... life Oct 28,2016 01:00 Join with us Home BUSINESS NATIONAL POLITICS ASEAN+ OPINION LIFE TECH TRAVEL SPORTS SUNDAY Contact 1858/129 Floor 32 Bangna-Trat Road, Bangna, Bangkok 10260 Thailand. Tel 66-2-338-3000(Call Center), 66-2-338-3333, Fax 66-2-338-3334 call-center-department@nationgroup.com Advertise with us © Copyright 2015 by Nation Advertisement ×Close
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Key Detail of Intel Corporation's 7-Nanometer Technology Emerges This future chip manufacturing technology looks evolutionary rather than revolutionary. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 23, 2016 at 11:07AM Microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) is currently in mass production on a chip manufacturing technology that it refers to as 14-nanometer+, an improved version of the 14-nanometer technology that it debuted in the second half of 2014. The company's next generation technology, known as 10-nanometer, is expected to go into production during the second half of 2017. Over the next couple of years following the introduction of the first 10-nanometer technology, the company says it will introduce both 10-nanometer+ and 10-nanometer++ technologies to improve upon the performance of the initial 10-nanometer technology. Beyond the various 10-nanometer flavors, though, Intel is working to develop a 7-nanometer technology. Unlike 10-nanometer+ and 10-nanometer++, which are both expected to deliver performance enhancements but not reductions in chip area (known as a "shrink"), the company's 7-nanometer technology is expected to bring performance and power improvements as well as a shrink. Although much about this upcoming technology remains a mystery, I have a key detail about the technology to share. Refining a familiar technology In late 2011, Intel went into production on its 22-nanometer technology. This technology was unique because it was the first implementation of a transistor structure, known as a FinFET, to go into high volume manufacturing. In a nutshell, FinFETs (which Intel marketed as "Tri-Gate") enable substantially better power/performance than prior generation "planar" transistors. A FinFET. Image source: Intel. With Intel's 14-nanometer technology, the company refined the same FinFET transistor structure used in its 22-nanometer technology to deliver better performance and power characteristics. With 14-nanometer+ the company further continued to refine the technology. At 10-nanometer, Intel has already publicly said that it will continue to refine the FinFET transistor structure, and since Intel is planning three iterations of 10-nanometer, the FinFET is likely to be Intel's transistor of choice for several years to come. There had been some speculation that Intel could move away from the FinFET technology when it transitions to its 7-nanometer technology (after all, the FinFET will be nearly a decade old by the time this technology ramps into production), but it would appear that this won't be the case. According to a LinkedIn profile of an Intel engineer, Intel's 7-nanometer technology will, indeed, be a further refinement of the FinFET structure, as you can see below: Image source: LinkedIn. If we assume that Intel spends three generations on 7-nanometer before transitioning to 5-nanometer (as the company is on track to do with 14-nanometer and plans to do with 10-nanometer), then it might not be until 2023/2024 before Intel transitions to a post-FinFET transistor structure. What else do we know about 7-nanometers? At a recent presentation, Intel also provided some insight into the transistor density/cost metrics that it aims to deliver with its 7-nanometer technology. Image source: Intel. Indeed, based on the above image, it looks like Intel is promising both area and cost-per-transistor reductions, although it seems as though the company hasn't quite nailed its targets down yet. The upshot, though, of lower area and ultimately cost per transistor is that chips with more transistors can be made more cheaply on a newer, denser technology than on an older, sparcer technology. The one caveat, though, is that these cost-per-transistor calculations assume equivalent manufacturing yields, something that -- at least with Intel's 14-nanometer technology -- isn't the case when a new technology goes into production. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 23, 2016 at 11:07AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.81 down $0.21 (-0.60%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Intel Corporation's Internet of Things Business Delivers Strong Growth Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x

null
null
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Lenovo working with Intel, PayPal and Synaptics to bring Fingerprint Authenticated Payments to the PC 0 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Sep 23, 2016 at 15:26 GMT2 months ago Today, Lenovo announced a collaboration with Intel, PayPal and Synaptics to bring secure online payments to the PCs using fingerprints. The collaboration will enable Lenovo customers to be able to authenticate to online FIDO-enabled services like PayPal by using a fingerprint instead of a password. It makes use of the built-in security features of 7th Gen Intel Core processors; hardware and design expertise of Lenovo; the encryption and biometric features of Synaptics’ fingerprint sensor; and the payment processing and unique authentication ecosystem of PayPal. The 7th Gen Intel Core processors with built Intel Software Guard Extensions (SGX) lay the groundwork for robust, hardware-protected biometric authentication securing users’ FIDO credentials and biometric information. The Synaptics Natural ID fingerprint sensor features enterprise-level security with TLS 1.2 encryption. Synaptics’ Natural ID Fingerprint Solution is secured by SentryPoint features, including TLS 1.2 encryption and anti-spoofing algorithms. PayPal leverages its unique authentication ecosystem to continue making payments more secure and convenient. Lenovo PCs using Natural ID and Intel Core processors achieve this by quickly and securely capturing user credentials, which are encrypted and stored in the hardware, making them less susceptible to malware attacks. “The average user has to remember passwords for many different accounts, from PC log-in, email to online shopping. We wanted to help change that by freeing users from the burden of remembering complex passwords by providing a simple authentication solution,” said Johnson Jia, senior vice president, PC & Smart Device Business Group, Lenovo.  “We’re excited to be the first PC company to partner with Intel, PayPal and Synaptics to bring users simpler and safer online authentication based on the released FIDO standards, through fingerprint readers designed for improved security on our laptops starting with the Yoga 910 convertible.” I hope more PC manufactures will follow Lenovo in bringing fingerprint based secure payments solutions to Windows PCs. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related FIDO-enabled fingerprint sensor intel lenovo paypal PCs synaptics Windows PCs Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending MSPoweruser Podcast 22: No Phone Left Behind by Andrew Bennett 0 Trending Windows 10 Build 14971 comes to Windows Insiders by Mehedi Hassan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 22: No Phone Left Behind by Andrew Bennett on November 18, 2016 It doesn’t matter if your phone’s running the fast ring, slow ring, or even stuck on 10586 – Windows 10 Mobile users have plenty of updates to enjoy downloading this week, ... Subscribe Now Windows 10 MSPoweruser Podcast 22: No Phone Left Behind by Andrew Bennett on November 18, 2016 It doesn’t matter if your phone’s running the fast ring, slow ring, or even stuck on 10586 – Windows 10 Mobile users have plenty of updates to enjoy downloading this week, ... One year on and Microsoft still makes it hard to be productive on UWP by Michael Allison We’re heading towards the end of 2016 more than two years after Microsoft first introduced Windows 10 and over 4 years since Microsoft introduced the new Windows apps framework in Win... Microsoft releases ISOs for Windows 10 Build 14965 by Sean Chan Microsoft recently released Windows 10 Build 14965 to the Windows Insider Program’s Slow Ring. Today, the company has released the official ISOs for build 14965, allowing Insiders to c... Eve confirms the specs of their 3 Surface Pro competitor models and new render by Surur In the run up to the launch of their Surface Pro competitors next week Eve has confirmed the specs of their 3 models which will be on sale via Indiegogo. #1 “The V m3” CPU: Intel... Vuforia SDK for HoloLens now publicly available for commercial use by Surur Back at Build 2016, Microsoft showed off an augmented reality app working on a Surface device. The app which was built with Vuforia allowed the user to interact with a product catalog by uti... Deals Deals Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 256GB storage for £969 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of £110 for the Core i5/256GB Surface Pro 4 device in the UK. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 256GB SSD and 4GB RAM for ... Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for thi... Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Deal: Get $150 off Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 PC from Microsoft At IFA 2016, Lenovo announced its Yoga 910, the successor to the popular Yoga 900 convertible laptop. Yoga 910 comes with a 13.9-inch 4K display, redesigned keyboard, a larger trackpad, a fi... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 128GB storage for $899 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4G... Deal: Microsoft offering Xbox One S Bundle and free game for $299 Despite Black Friday being right around the corner, Microsoft believes that you shouldn’t have to wait to enjoy the savings off of its newest console. That’s why from November 4 ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $749 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $150 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Deal: Get huge discounts on the original Surface Book Amazon US is now offering huge discounts on the original Surface Book device. The entry-level Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for just $1199.... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Andrew Gallant's Blog About Projects GitHub ripgrep is faster than {grep, ag, git grep, ucg, pt, sift} Sep 23, 2016 In this article I will introduce a new command line search tool, ripgrep, that combines the usability of The Silver Searcher (an ack clone) with the raw performance of GNU grep. ripgrep is fast, cross platform (with binaries available for Linux, Mac and Windows) and written in Rust. ripgrep is available on Github. We will attempt to do the impossible: a fair benchmark comparison between several popular code search tools. Specifically, we will dive into a series of 25 benchmarks that substantiate the following claims: For both searching single files and huge directories of files, no other tool obviously stands above ripgrep in either performance or correctness. ripgrep is the only tool with proper Unicode support that doesn’t make you pay dearly for it. Tools that search many files at once are generally slower if they use memory maps, not faster. As someone who has worked on text search in Rust in their free time for the last 2.5 years, and as the author of both ripgrep and the underlying regular expression engine, I will use this opportunity to provide detailed insights into the performance of each code search tool. No benchmark will go unscrutinized! Target audience: Some familiarity with Unicode, programming and some experience with working on the command line. NOTE: I’m hearing reports from some people that rg isn’t as fast as I’ve claimed on their data. I’d love to help explain what’s going on, but to do that, I’ll need to be able to reproduce your results. If you file an issue with something I can reproduce, I’d be happy to try and explain it. Screenshot of search results Table of Contents Introducing ripgrep Pitch Anti-pitch Installation Whirlwind tour Regex syntax Anatomy of a grep Background Gathering files to search Searching Regex engine Literal optimizations Mechanics Printing Methodology Overview Benchmark runner Environment Code search benchmarks linux_literal_default linux_literal linux_literal_casei linux_word linux_unicode_word linux_re_literal_suffix linux_alternates linux_alternates_casei linux_unicode_greek linux_unicode_greek_casei linux_no_literal Single file benchmarks subtitles_literal subtitles_literal_casei subtitles_literal_word subtitles_alternate subtitles_alternate_casei subtitles_surrounding_words subtitles_no_literal Bonus benchmarks everything nothing context huge Conclusions Introducing ripgrep Pitch Why should you use ripgrep over any other search tool? Well… It can replace both The Silver Searcher and GNU grep because it is faster than both. (N.B. It is not, strictly speaking, an interface compatible “drop-in” replacement for both, but the feature sets are far more similar than different.) Like The Silver Searcher, ripgrep defaults to recursive directory search and won’t search files ignored by your .gitignore files. It also ignores hidden and binary files by default. ripgrep also implements full support for .gitignore, where as there are many bugs related to that functionality in The Silver Searcher. Of the things that don’t work in The Silver Searcher, ripgrep supports .gitignore priority (including in parent directories and sub-directories), whitelisting and recursive globs. ripgrep can search specific types of files. For example, rg -tpy foo limits your search to Python files and rg -Tjs foo excludes Javascript files from your search. ripgrep can be taught about new file types with custom matching rules. ripgrep supports many features found in grep, such as showing the context of search results, searching multiple patterns, highlighting matches with color and full Unicode support. Unlike GNU grep, ripgrep stays fast while supporting Unicode (which is always on). In other words, use ripgrep if you like speed, saner defaults, fewer bugs and Unicode. Anti-pitch I’d like to try to convince you why you shouldn’t use ripgrep. Often, this is far more revealing than reasons why I think you should use ripgrep. ripgrep uses a regex engine based on finite automata, so if you want fancy regex features such as backreferences or look around, ripgrep won’t give them to you. ripgrep does support lots of things though, including, but not limited to: lazy quantification (e.g., a+?), repetitions (e.g., a{2,5}), begin/end assertions (e.g., ^\w+$), word boundaries (e.g., \bfoo\b), and support for Unicode categories (e.g., \p{Sc} to match currency symbols or \p{Lu} to match any uppercase letter). If you need to search files with text encodings other than UTF-8 (like UTF-16), then ripgrep won’t work. ripgrep will still work on ASCII compatible encodings like latin1 or otherwise partially valid UTF-8. ripgrep may grow support for additional text encodings over time. ripgrep doesn’t yet support searching for patterns/literals from a file, but this is easy to add and should change soon. If you need to search compressed files. ripgrep doesn’t try to do any decompression before searching. In other words, if you like fancy regexes, non-UTF-8 character encodings or decompressing and searching on-the-fly, then ripgrep may not quite meet your needs (yet). Installation The binary name for ripgrep is rg. Binaries for ripgrep are available for Windows, Mac and Linux. Linux binaries are static executables. Windows binaries are available either as built with MinGW (GNU) or with Microsoft Visual C++ (MSVC). When possible, prefer MSVC over GNU, but you’ll need to have the Microsoft Visual C++ Build Tools installed. If you’re a Homebrew user, then you can install it with a custom formula (N.B. ripgrep isn’t actually in Homebrew yet. This just installs the binary directly): $ brew install https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep/master/pkg/brew/ripgrep.rb
 If you’re an Archlinux user, then you can install ripgrep from the official repos: $ pacman -Syu ripgrep
 If you’re a Rust programmer, ripgrep can be installed with cargo: $ cargo install ripgrep
 If you’d like to build ripgrep from source, that is also easy to do. ripgrep is written in Rust, so you’ll need to grab a Rust installation in order to compile it. ripgrep compiles with Rust 1.9 (stable) or newer. To build: $ git clone git://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep
$ cd ripgrep
$ cargo build --release
$ ./target/release/rg --version
0.1.2
 If you have a Rust nightly compiler, then you can enable optional SIMD acceleration like so, which is used in all benchmarks reported in this article. RUSTFLAGS="-C target-cpu=native" cargo build --release --features simd-accel
 Whirlwind tour The command line usage of ripgrep doesn’t differ much from other tools that perform a similar function, so you probably already know how to use ripgrep. The full details can be found in rg --help, but let’s go on a whirlwind tour. ripgrep detects when its printing to a terminal, and will automatically colorize your output and show line numbers, just like The Silver Searcher. Coloring works on Windows too! Colors can be controlled more granularly with the --color flag. One last thing before we get started: ripgrep assumes UTF-8 everywhere. It can still search files that are invalid UTF-8 (like, say, latin-1), but it will simply not work on UTF-16 encoded files or other more exotic encodings. Support for other encodings may happen.. To recursively search the current directory, while respecting all .gitignore files, ignore hidden files and directories and skip binary files: $ rg foobar
 The above command also respects all .rgignore files, including in parent directories. .rgignore files can be used when .gitignore files are insufficient. In all cases, .rgignore patterns take precedence over .gitignore. To ignore all ignore files, use -u. To additionally search hidden files and directories, use -uu. To additionally search binary files, use -uuu. (In other words, “search everything, dammit!”) In particular, rg -uuu is similar to grep -a -r. $ rg -uu foobar  # similar to `grep -r`
$ rg -uuu foobar  # similar to `grep -a -r`
 (Tip: If your ignore files aren’t being adhered to like you expect, run your search with the --debug flag.) Make the search case insensitive with -i, invert the search with -v or show the 2 lines before and after every search result with -C2. Force all matches to be surrounded by word boundaries with -w. Search and replace (find first and last names and swap them): $ rg '([A-Z][a-z]+)\s+([A-Z][a-z]+)' --replace '$2, $1'
 Named groups are supported: $ rg '(?P<first>[A-Z][a-z]+)\s+(?P<last>[A-Z][a-z]+)' --replace '$last, $first'
 Up the ante with full Unicode support, by matching any uppercase Unicode letter followed by any sequence of lowercase Unicode letters (good luck doing this with other search tools!): $ rg '(\p{Lu}\p{Ll}+)\s+(\p{Lu}\p{Ll}+)' --replace '$2, $1'
 Search only files matching a particular glob: $ rg foo -g 'README.*'
 Or exclude files matching a particular glob: $ rg foo -g '!*.min.js'
 Search only HTML and CSS files: $ rg -thtml -tcss foobar
 Search everything except for Javascript files: $ rg -Tjs foobar
 To see a list of types supported, run rg --type-list. To add a new type, use --type-add, which must be accompanied by a pattern for searching (rg won’t persist your type settings): $ rg --type-add 'foo:*.{foo,foobar}' -tfoo bar
 The type foo will now match any file ending with the .foo or .foobar extensions. Regex syntax The syntax supported is documented as part of Rust’s regex library. Anatomy of a grep Before we dive into benchmarks, I thought it might be useful to provide a high level overview of how a grep-like search tool works, with a special focus on ripgrep in particular. The goal of this section is to provide you with a bit of context that will help make understanding the analysis for each benchmark easier. Background Modulo parsing command line arguments, the first “real” step in any search tool is figuring out what to search. Tools like grep don’t try to do anything smart: they simply search the files given to it on the command line. An exception to this is the -r flag, which will cause grep to recursively search all files in the current directory. Various command line flags can be passed to control which files are or aren’t searched. ack came along and turned this type of default behavior on its head. Instead of trying to search everything by default, ack tries to be smarter about what to search. For example, it will recursively search your current directory by default, and it will automatically skip over any source control specific files and directories (like .git). This method of searching undoubtedly has its own pros and cons, because it tends to make the tool “smarter,” which is another way of saying “opaque.” That is, when you really do need the tool to search everything, it can sometimes be tricky to know how to speak the right incantation for it to do so. With that said, being smart by default is incredibly convenient, especially when “smart” means “figure out what to search based on your source control configuration.” There’s no shell alias that can do that with grep. All of the other search tools in this benchmark share a common ancestor with either grep or ack. sift is descended from grep, while ag, ucg, and pt are descended from ack. ripgrep is a bit of a hybrid because it was specifically built to be good at searching huge files just like grep, but at the same time, provide the “smart” kind of default searching like ack. Finally, git grep deserves a bit of a special mention. git grep is very similar to plain grep in the kinds of options it supports, but its default mode of searching is clearly descended from ack: it will only search files checked into source control. Of course, both types of search tools have a lot in common, but there are a few broad distinctions worth making if you allow yourself to squint your eyes a bit: grep-like tools need to be really good at searching large files, so the performance of the underlying regex library is paramount. ack-like tools need to be really good at recursive directory traversal while also applying ignore rules from files like .gitignore quickly. ack-like tools are built to run many searches in parallel, so the raw performance of the underlying regex library can be papered over somewhat while still being faster than single-threaded “search everything” tools like grep. If the “smarts” of ack also mean skipping over that 2GB artifact in your directory tree, then the performance difference becomes even bigger. ripgrep tries hard to combine the best of both worlds. Not only is its underlying regex engine very fast, but it parallelizes searches and tries to be smart about what it searches too. Gathering files to search For an ack-like tool, it is important to figure out which files to search in the current directory. This means using a very fast recursive directory iterator, filtering file paths quickly and distributing those file paths to a pool of workers that actually execute the search. Directory traversal can be tricky because some recursive directory iterators make more stat calls than are strictly necessary, which can have a large impact on performance. It can be terribly difficult to track down these types of performance problems because they tend to be buried in a standard library somewhere. Python only recently fixed this, for example. Rest assured that ripgrep uses a recursive directory iterator that makes the minimum number of system calls possible. Filtering file paths requires not only respecting rules given at the command line (e.g., grep’s --include or --exclude) flags, but also requires reading files like .gitignore and applying their rules correctly to all file paths. Even the mere act of looking for a .gitignore file in every directory can have measurable overhead! Otherwise, the key performance challenge with this functionality is making sure you don’t try to match every ignore rule individually against every file path. Large repositories like the Linux kernel source tree have over a hundred .gitignore files with thousands of rules combined. Finally, distributing work to other threads for searching requires some kind of synchronization. One solution is a mutex protected ring buffer that acts as a sort of queue, but there are lock-free solutions that might be faster. Rust’s ecosystem is so great that I was able to reuse a lock-free Chase-Lev work-stealing queue for distributing work to a pool of searchers. Every other tool that parallelizes work in this benchmark uses a variant of a mutex protected queue. (sift and pt might not fit this criteria, since they use Go channels, and I haven’t followed any implementation improvements to that code for a few years.) Searching Searching is the heart of any of these tools, and we could dig ourselves into a hole on just this section alone and not come out alive for at least 2.5 years. (Welcome to “How Long I’ve Been Working On Text Search In Rust.”) Instead, we will lightly touch on the big points. Regex engine First up is the regex engine. Every search tool supports some kind of syntax for regular expressions. Some examples: foo|bar matches any literal string foo or bar [a-z]{2}_[a-z]+ matches two lowercase latin letters, followed by an underscore, followed by one or more lowercase latin letters. \bfoo\b matches the literal foo only when it is surrounded by word boundaries. For example, the foo in foobar won’t match but it will in I love foo.. (\w+) \1 matches any sequence of word characters followed by a space and followed by exactly the word characters that were matched previously. The \1 in this example is called a “back-reference.” For example, this pattern will match foo foo but not foo bar. Regular expression engines themselves tend to be divided into two categories predominantly based on the features they expose. Regex engines that provide support for all of the above tend to use an approach called backtracking, which is typically quite fast, but can be very slow on some inputs. “Very slow” in this case means that it might take exponential time to complete a search. For example, try running this Python code: >>> import re
>>> re.search('(a*)*c', 'a' * 30)
 Even though both the regex and the search string are tiny, it will take a very long time to terminate, and this is because the underlying regex engine uses backtracking, and can therefore take exponential time to answer some queries. The other type of regex engine generally supports fewer features and is based on finite automata. For example, these kinds of regex engines typically don’t support back-references. Instead, these regex engines will often provide a guarantee that all searches, regardless of the regex or the input, will complete in linear time with respect to the search text. It’s worth pointing out that neither type of engine has a monopoly on average case performance. There are examples of regex engines of both types that are blazing fast. With that said, here’s a breakdown of some search tools and the type of regex engine they use: GNU grep and git grep each use their own hand-rolled finite automata based engine. ripgrep uses Rust’s regex library, which uses finite automata. The Silver Searcher and Universal Code Grep use PCRE, which uses backtracking. Both The Platinum Searcher and sift use Go’s regex library, which uses finite automata. Both Rust’s regex library and Go’s regex library share Google’s RE2 as a common ancestor. Finally, both tools that use PCRE (The Silver Searcher and Universal Code Grep) are susceptible to worst case backtracking behavior. For example: $ cat wat
c
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
c
$ ucg '(a*)*c' wat
terminate called after throwing an instance of 'FileScannerException'
  what():  PCRE2 match error: match limit exceeded
Aborted (core dumped)
 The Silver Searcher fails similarly. It reports the first line as a match and neglects the match in the third line. The rest of the search tools benchmarked in this article handle this case without a problem. Literal optimizations Picking a fast regex engine is important, because every search tool will need to rely on it sooner or later. Nevertheless, even the performance of the fastest regex engine can be dwarfed by the time it takes to search for a simple literal string. Boyer-Moore is the classical algorithm that is used to find a substring, and even today, it is hard to beat for general purpose searching. One of its defining qualities is its ability to skip some characters in the search text by pre-computing a small skip table at the beginning of the search. On modern CPUs, the key to making a Boyer-Moore implementation fast is not necessarily the number of characters it can skip, but how fast it can identify a candidate for a match. For example, most Boyer-Moore implementations look for the last byte in a literal. Each occurrence of that byte is considered a candidate for a match by Boyer-Moore. It is only at this point that Boyer-Moore can use its precomputed table to skip characters, which means you still need a fast way of identifying the candidate in the first place. Thankfully, specialized routines found in the C standard library, like memchr, exist for precisely this purpose. Often, memchr implementations are compiled down to SIMD instructions that examine sixteen bytes in a single loop iteration. This makes it very fast. On my system, memchr often gets throughputs at around several gigabytes a second. (In my own experiments, Boyer-Moore with memchr can be just as fast as an explicit SIMD implementation using the PCMPESTRI instruction, but this is something I’d like to revisit.) For a search tool to compete in most benchmarks, either it or its regex engine needs to use some kind of literal optimizations. For example, Rust’s regex library goes to great lengths to extract both prefix and suffix literals from every pattern. The following patterns all have literals extracted from them: foo|bar detects foo and bar (a|b)c detects ac and bc [ab]foo[yz] detects afooy, afooz, bfooy and bfooz (foo)?bar detects foobar and bar (foo)*bar detects foo and bar (foo){3,6} detects foofoofoo If any of these patterns appear at the beginning of a regex, Rust’s regex library will notice them and use them to find candidate matches very quickly (even when there is more than one literal detected). While Rust’s core regex engine is fast, it is still faster to look for literals first, and only drop down into the core regex engine when it’s time to verify a match. The best case happens when an entire regex can be broken down into a single literal or an alternation of literals. In that case, the core regex engine won’t be used at all! A search tool in particular has an additional trick up its sleeve. Namely, since most search tools do line-by-line searching (The Silver Searcher is a notable exception, which does multiline searching by default), they can extract non-prefix or “inner” literals from a regex pattern, and search for those to identify candidate lines that match. For example, the regex \w+foo\d+ could have foo extracted. Namely, when a candidate line is found, ripgrep will find the beginning and end of only that line, and then run the full regex engine on the entire line. This lets ripgrep very quickly skip through files by staying out of the regex engine. Most of the search tools we benchmark here don’t perform this optimization, which can leave a lot of performance on the table, especially if your core regex engine isn’t that fast. Handling the case of multiple literals (e.g., foo|bar) is just as important. GNU grep uses a little known algorithm similar to Commentz-Walter for searching multiple patterns. In short, Commentz-Walter is what you get when you merge Aho-Corasick with Boyer-Moore: a skip table with a reverse automaton. Rust’s regex library, on the other hand, will either use plain Aho-Corasick, or, when enabled, a special SIMD algorithm called Teddy, which was invented by Geoffrey Langdale as part of the Hyperscan regex library developed by Intel. This SIMD algorithm will prove to be at least one of the key optimizations that propels ripgrep past GNU grep. The great thing about this is that ripgrep doesn’t have to do much of this literal optimization work itself. Most of it is done inside Rust’s regex library, so every consumer of that library gets all these performance optimizations automatically! Mechanics Repeat after me: Thou Shalt Not Search Line By Line. The naive approach to implementing a search tool is to read a file line by line and apply the search pattern to each line individually. This approach is problematic primarily because, in the common case, finding a match is rare. Therefore, you wind up doing a ton of work parsing out each line all for naught, because most files simply aren’t going to match at all in a large repository of code. Not only is finding every line extra work that you don’t need to do, but you’re also paying a huge price in overhead. Whether you’re searching for a literal or a regex, you’ll need to start and stop that search for every single line in a file. The overhead of each search will be your undoing. Instead, all search tools find a way to search a big buffer of bytes all at once. Whether that’s memory mapping a file, reading an entire file into memory at once or incrementally searching a file using a constant sized intermediate buffer, they all find a way to do it to some extent. There are some exceptions though. For example, tools that use memory maps or read entire files into memory either can’t support stdin (like Universal Code Grep), or revert to line-by-line searching (like The Silver Searcher). Tools that support incremental searching (ripgrep, GNU grep and git grep) can use its incremental approach on any file or stream with no problems. There’s a reason why not every tool implements incremental search: it’s hard. For example, you need to consider all of the following in a fully featured search tool: Line counting, when requested. If a read from a file ends in the middle of a line, you need to do the bookkeeping required to make sure the incomplete line isn’t searched until more data is read from the file. If a line is too long to fit into your buffer, you need to decide to either give up or grow your buffer to fit it. Your searcher needs to know how to invert the match. Worst of all: your searcher needs to be able to show the context of a match, e.g., the lines before and after a matching line. For example, consider the case of a match that appears at the beginning of your buffer. How do you show the previous lines if they aren’t in your buffer? You guessed it: you need to carry over at least as many lines that are required to satisfy a context request from buffer to buffer. It’s a steep price to pay in terms of code complexity, but by golly, is it worth it. You’ll need to read on to the benchmarks to discover when it is faster than memory maps! Printing It might seem like printing is such a trivial step, but it must be done with at least some care. For example, you can’t just print matches from each search thread as you find them, because you really don’t want to interleave the search results of one file with the search results of another file. A naive approach to this is to serialize the printer so that only one thread can print to it at a time. This is problematic though, because if a search thread acquires a lock to the printer before starting the search (and not releasing it until it has finished searching one file), you’ll end up also serializing every search as well, effectively defeating your entire approach to parallelism. All code search tools in this benchmark that parallelize search therefore write results to some kind of intermediate buffer in memory. This enables all of the search threads to actually perform a search in parallel. The printing still needs to be serialized, but we’ve reduced that down to simply dumping the contents of the intermediate buffer to stdout. Using an in memory buffer might set off alarm bells: what if you search a 2GB file and every line matches? Doesn’t that lead to excessive memory usage? The answer is: “Why, yes, indeed it does!” The key insight is that the common case is returning far fewer matches than there are total lines searched. Nevertheless, there are ways to mitigate excessive memory usage. For example, if ripgrep is used to search stdin or a single file, then it will write search results directly to stdout and forgo the intermediate buffer because it just doesn’t need it. (ripgrep should also do this when asked to not do any parallelism, but I haven’t gotten to it yet.) In other words, pick two: space, time or correctness. Note that the details aren’t quite the same in every tool. Namely, while The Silver Searcher and Universal Code Grep write matches as structured data to memory (i.e., an array of match structs or something similar), both git grep and ripgrep write the actual output to a dynamically growable string buffer in memory. While either approach does seem to be fast enough, git grep and ripgrep have to do things this way because they support incremental search where as The Silver Searcher always memory maps the entire file and Universal Code Grep always reads the entire contents of the file into memory. The latter approach can refer back to the file’s contents in memory when doing the actual printing, where as neither git grep nor ripgrep can do that. Methodology Overview Coming up with a good and fair benchmark is hard, and I have assuredly made some mistakes in doing so. In particular, there are so many variables to control for that testing every possible permutation isn’t feasible. This means that the benchmarks I’m presenting here are curated, and, given that I am the author of one of the tools in the benchmark, they are therefore also biased. Nevertheless, even if I fail in my effort to provide a fair benchmark suite, I do hope that some of you may find my analysis interesting, which will try to explain the results in each benchmark. The analysis is in turn heavily biased toward explaining my own work, since that is the implementation I’m most familiar with. I have, however, read at least part of the source code of every tool I benchmark, including their underlying regex engines. In other words, I’m pretty confident that I’ve gotten the details correct, but I could have missed something in the bigger picture. Because of that, let’s go over some important insights that guided construction of this benchmark. Focus on the problem that an end user is trying to solve. For example, we split the entire benchmark in two: one for searching a large directory of files and one for searching a single large file. The former might correspond to an end user searching their code while the latter might correspond to an end user searching logs. As we will see, these two use cases have markedly different performance characteristics. A tool that is good at one isn’t necessarily good at the other. (The premise of ripgrep is that it is possible to be good at both!) Apply end user problems more granularly as well. For example, most searches result in few hits relative to the corpus searched, so prefer benchmarks that report few matches. Another example: I hypothesize, based on my own experience, that most searches use patterns that are simple literals, alternations or very light regexes, so bias the benchmarks towards those types of patterns. Almost every search tool has slightly different default behavior, and these behavioral changes can have an impact on performance. There is some value in looking at “out-of-the-box” performance, and we therefore do look at a benchmark for that, but stopping there is a bit unsatisfying. If our goal is to do a fair comparison, then we need to at least try to convince each tool to do roughly the same work, from the perspective of an end user. A good example of this is reporting line numbers. Some tools don’t provide a way of disabling line counting, so when doing comparisons between tools that do, we need to explicitly enable line numbers. This is important, because counting lines can be quite costly! A good non-example of this is if one tool uses memory maps and another uses an intermediate buffer. This is an implementation choice, and not one that alters what the user actually sees, therefore comparing those two implementation choices in a benchmark is completely fair (assuming an analysis that points it out). With that out of the way, let’s get into the nitty gritty. First and foremost, what tools are we benchmarking? ripgrep (rg) (v0.1.2) - You’ve heard enough about this one already. GNU grep (v2.25) - Ol’ reliable. git grep (v2.7.4) - Like grep, but built into git. Only works well in git repositories. The Silver Searcher (ag) (commit cda635, using PCRE 8.38) - Like ack, but written in C and much faster. Reads your .gitignore files just like ripgrep. Universal Code Grep (ucg) (commit 487bfb, using PCRE 10.21 with the JIT enabled) - Also like ack but written in C++, and only searches files from a whitelist, and doesn’t support reading .gitignore. The Platinum Searcher (pt) (commit 509368) - Written in Go and does support .gitignore files. sift (commit 2d175c) - Written in Go and supports .gitignore files with an optional flag, but generally prefers searching everything (unlike every other tool in this list except for grep). Notably absent from this list is ack. We don’t benchmark it here because it is outrageously slow. Even on the simplest benchmark (a literal in the Linux kernel repository), ack is around two orders of magnitude slower than ripgrep. It’s just not worth it. Benchmark runner The benchmark runner is a Python program (requires at least Python 3.5) that you can use to not only run the benchmarks themselves, but download the corpora used in the benchmarks as well. The script is called benchsuite and is in the ripgrep repository. You can use it like so: $ git clone git://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep
$ cd ripgrep/benchsuite
# WARNING! This downloads several GB of data, and builds the Linux kernel.
# This took about 15 minutes on a high speed connection.
# Tip: try `--download subtitles-ru` to grab the smallest corpus, but you'll
# be limited to running benchmarks for only that corpus.
$ ./benchsuite --dir /path/to/data/dir --download all
# List benchmarks available.
$ ./benchsuite --dir /path/to/data/dir --list
# Run a benchmark.
# Omit the benchmark name to run all benchmarks. The full suite can take around
# 30 minutes to complete on default settings and 120 minutes to complete with
# --warmup-iter 3 --bench-iter 10.
$ ./benchsuite --dir /path/to/data/dir '^subtitles_ru_literal$'
 If you don’t have all of the code search tools used in the benchmarks, then pass --allow-missing to give benchsuite permission to skip running them. To save the raw data (the timing for every command run), pass --raw /path/to/raw.csv. The benchmark runner tries to do a few basic things for us to help reduce the chance that we get misleading data: Every benchmarked command is run three times before being measured as a “warm up.” Specifically, this is to ensure that the corpora being searched is already in the operating system’s page cache. If we didn’t do this, we might end up benchmarking disk I/O, which is not only uninteresting for our purposes, but is probably not a common end user scenario. It’s more likely that you’ll be executing lots of searches against the same corpus (at least, I know I do). Every benchmarked command is run ten times, with a timing recorded for each run. The final “result” of that command is its distribution (mean +/- standard deviation). If I were a statistician, I could probably prove that ten samples is insufficient. Nevertheless, getting more samples takes more time, and for the most part, the variance is very low. Each individual benchmark definition is responsible for making sure each command is trying to do similar work as other commands we’re comparing it to. For example, we need to be careful to enable and disable Unicode support in GNU grep where appropriate, because full Unicode handling can make GNU grep run very slowly. Within each benchmark, there are often multiple variables of interest. To account for this, I’ve added labels like (ASCII) or (whitelist) where appropriate. We’ll dig into those labels in more detail later. Please also feel encouraged to add your own benchmarks if you’d like to play around. The benchmarks are in the top-half of the file, and it should be fairly straight-forward to copy & paste another benchmark and modify it. Simply defining a new benchmark will make it available. The second half of the script is the runner itself and probably shouldn’t need to be modified. Environment The actual environment used to run the benchmarks presented in this article was a c3.2xlarge instance on Amazon EC2. It ran Ubuntu 16.04, had a Xeon E5-2680 2.8 GHz CPU, 16 GB of memory and an 80 GB SSD (on which the corpora was stored). This was enough memory to fit all of the corpora in memory. The box was specifically provisioned for the purpose of running benchmarks, so it was not doing anything else. The full log of system setup and commands I used to install each of the search tools and run benchmarks can be found here. I also captured the output of the bench runner (SPOILER ALERT) and the raw output, which includes the timings, full set of command line arguments and any environment variables set for every command run in every benchmark. Code search benchmarks This is the first half of our benchmarks, and corresponds to an end user trying to search a large repository of code for a particular pattern. The corpus used for this benchmark is a built checkout of the Linux kernel, specifically commit d0acc7. We actually build the Linux kernel because the process of building the kernel leaves a lot of garbage in the repository that you probably don’t want to search. This can influence not only the relevance of the results returned by a search tool, but the performance as well. All benchmarks run in this section were run in the root of the repository. Remember, you can see the full raw results of each command if you like. The benchmark names correspond to the headings below. Note that since these benchmarks were run on an EC2 instance, which uses a VM, which in turn can penalize search tools that use memory maps, I’ve also recorded benchmarks on my local machine. My local machine is an Intel i7-6900K 3.2 GHz, 16 CPUs, 64 GB memory and an SSD. You’ll notice that ag does a lot better (but still worse than rg) on my machine. Lest you think I’ve chosen results from the EC2 machine because they paint rg more favorably, rest assured that I haven’t. Namely, rg wins every single benchmark on my local machine except for one, where as rg is beat out just slightly by a few tools on some benchmarks on the EC2 machine. Without further ado, let’s start looking at benchmarks. linux_literal_default Description: This benchmark compares the time it takes to execute a simple literal search using each tool’s default settings. This is an intentionally unfair benchmark meant to highlight the differences between tools and their “out-of-the-box” settings. Pattern: PM_RESUME rg         0.349 +/- 0.104 (lines: 16)
ag         1.589 +/- 0.009 (lines: 16)
ucg        0.218 +/- 0.007 (lines: 16)*+
pt         0.462 +/- 0.012 (lines: 16)
sift       0.352 +/- 0.018 (lines: 16)
git grep   0.342 +/- 0.005 (lines: 16)
 * - Best mean time. + - Best sample time. rg == ripgrep, ag == The Silver Searcher, ucg == Universal Code Grep, pt == The Platinum Searcher Analysis: We’ll first start by actually describing what each tool is doing: rg respects the Linux repo’s .gitignore files (of which there are 178(!) of them), and skips hidden and binary files. rg does not count lines. ag has the same default behavior as rg, except it counts lines. ucg also counts lines, but does not attempt to read .gitignore files. Instead, it only searches files from an (extensible) whitelist according to a set of glob rules. For example, both rg and ag will search fs/jffs2/README.Locking while ucg won’t, because it doesn’t recognize the Locking extension. (A search tool probably should search that file, although it does not impact the results of this specific benchmark.) pt has the same default behavior as ag. sift searches everything, including binary files and hidden files. It should be equivalent to grep -r, for example. It also does not count lines. git grep should have the same behavior at rg, and similarly does not count lines. Note though that git grep has a special advantage: it does not need to traverse the directory hierarchy. It can discover the set of files to search straight from its git index. The high-order bit to extract from this benchmark is that a naive comparison between search tools is completely unfair from the perspective of performance, but is really important if you care about the relevance of results returned to you. sift, like grep -r, will throw everything it can back at you, which is totally at odds with the philosophy behind every other tool in this benchmark: only return results that are probably relevant. Things inside your .git probably aren’t, for example. (This isn’t to say that sift’s philosophy is wrong. The tool is clearly intended to be configured by an end user to their own tastes, which has its own pros and cons.) With respect to performance, there are two key variables to pay attention to. They will appear again and again throughout our benchmark: Counting lines can be quite expensive. A naive solution—a loop over every byte and comparing it to a \n—will be quite slow for example. Universal Code Grep counts lines using SIMD and ripgrep counts lines using packed comparisons (16 bytes at a time). However, in the Linux code search benchmarks, because the size of each individual file is very small and the number of matches is tiny compared to the corpus size, the time spent counting lines tends to not be so significant. Especially since every tool in this benchmark parallelizes search to some degree. When we get to the single-file benchmarks, this variable will become much more pertinent. Respecting .gitignore files incurs some amount of overhead. Even though respecting .gitignore reduces the number of files searched, it can be slower overall to actually read the patterns, compile them and match them against every path than to just search every file. This is precisely how ucg soundly beats ripgrep in this benchmark. (We will control for this variable in future benchmarks.) In other words, respecting .gitignore is a feature that improves relevance first and foremost. It is strictly a bonus if it also happens to improve performance. The specific reasons why supporting .gitignore leads to a slower overall search are: Every directory descended requires looking for a corresponding .gitignore. Multiply the number of calls if you support additional ignore files, like both The Silver Searcher and ripgrep do. The Linux kernel repository has 4,640 directories. 178 of them have .gitignore files. Each .gitignore file needs to be compiled into something that can match file paths. Both The Silver Searcher and ripgrep use tricks to make this faster. For example, simple patterns like /vmlinux or *.o can be matched using simple literal comparisons or by looking at the file extension of a candidate path and comparing it directly. For more complex patterns like *.c.[012]*.*, a full glob matcher needs to be used. The Silver Searcher uses fnmatch while ripgrep translates all such globs into a single regular expression which can be matched against a single path all at once. Doing all this work takes time. Unlike ag, rg will try to support the full semantics of a .gitignore file. This means finding every ignore pattern that matches a file path and giving precedent to the most recently defined pattern. ag will bail on the first match it sees. Actually matching a path has non-trivial overhead that must be paid for every path searched. The compilation phase described above is complex precisely for making this part faster. We try to stay out of the regex machinery as best we can, but we can’t avoid it completely. In contrast, a whitelist like the one used by ucg is comparatively easy to make fast. The set of globs is known upfront, so no additional checks need to be made while traversing the file tree. Moreover, the globs tend to be of the *.ext variety, which fall into the bucket of globs that can be matched efficiently just by looking at the extension of a file path. The downside of a whitelist is obvious: you might end up missing search results simply because ucg didn’t know about a particular file extension. You could always teach ucg about the file extension, but you’re still blind to “unknown unknowns” (i.e., files that you probably want to search but didn’t know upfront that you needed to). linux_literal Description: This benchmark runs the same query as in the linux_literal_default benchmark, but we try to do a fair comparison. In particular, we run ripgrep in two modes: one where it respects .gitignore files (corresponding to the (ignore) label) and one where it uses a whitelist and doesn’t respect .gitignore (corresponding to the (whitelist) label). The former mode is comparable to ag, pt, sift and git grep, while the latter mode is comparable to ucg. We also run rg a third time by explicitly telling it to use memory maps for search, which matches the implementation strategy used by ag. sift is run such that it respects .gitignore files and excludes binary, hidden and PDF files. All commands executed here count lines, because some commands (ag and ucg) don’t support disabling line counting. Pattern: PM_RESUME rg (ignore)          0.334 +/- 0.053 (lines: 16)
rg (ignore) (mmap)   1.611 +/- 0.009 (lines: 16)
ag (ignore) (mmap)   1.588 +/- 0.011 (lines: 16)
pt (ignore)          0.456 +/- 0.025 (lines: 16)
sift (ignore)        0.630 +/- 0.004 (lines: 16)
git grep (ignore)    0.345 +/- 0.007 (lines: 16)
rg (whitelist)       0.228 +/- 0.042 (lines: 16)+
ucg (whitelist)      0.218 +/- 0.007 (lines: 16)*
 * - Best mean time. + - Best sample time. Analysis: We have a ton of ground to cover on this one. First and foremost, the (ignore) vs. (whitelist) variables have a clear impact on the performance of rg. We won’t rehash all the details from the analysis in linux_literal_default, but switching rg into its whitelist mode brings it into a dead heat with ucg. Secondly, ucg is just as fast as ripgrep and git grep (ignore) is just as fast as rg (ignore), even though I’ve said that ripgrep is the fastest. It turns out that ucg, git grep and rg are pretty evenly matched when searching for plain literals in large repositories. We will see a stronger separation in later benchmarks. Still, what makes ucg fast? ucg reads the entire file into memory before searching it, which means it avoids the memory map problem described below. On a code repository, this approach works well, but it comes with a steep price in the single-file benchmarks. It has a fast explicitly SIMD based line counting algorithm. ripgrep has something similar, but relies on the compiler for autovectorization. ucg uses PCRE2’s JIT, which is insanely fast. In my own very rough benchmarks, PCRE2’s JIT is one of the few general purpose regex engines that is competitive with Rust’s regex engine (on regexes that don’t expose PCRE’s exponential behavior due to backtracking, since Rust’s regex engine doesn’t suffer from that weakness). ucg parallelizes directory traversal, which is something that ripgrep doesn’t do. ucg has it a bit easier here because it doesn’t support .gitignore files. Parallelizing directory traversal while maintaining state for .gitignore files in a way that scales isn’t a problem I’ve figured out how to cleanly solve yet. What about git grep? A key performance advantage of git grep is that it doesn’t need to walk the directory tree, which can save it quite a bit of time. Its regex engine is also quite fast, and works similarly to GNU grep’s, RE2 and Rust’s regex engine (i.e., it uses a DFA). Both sift and pt perform almost as well as ripgrep. In fact, both sift and pt do implement a parallel recursive directory traversal while still respecting .gitignore files, which is likely one reason for their speed. As we will see in future benchmarks, their speed here is misleading. Namely, they are fast because they stay outside of Go’s regexp engine since the pattern is a literal. (There will be more discussion on this point later.) Finally, what’s going on with The Silver Searcher? Is it really that much slower than everything else? The key here is that its use of memory maps is making it slower, not faster (in direct contradiction to the claims in its README). OK, let’s pause and pop up a level to talk about what this actually means. First, we need to consider how these search tools fundamentally work. Generally speaking, a search tool like this has two ways of actually searching files on disk: It can memory map the file and search the entire file all at once as if it were a single contiguous region of bytes in memory. The operating system does the work behind the scenes to make a file look like a contiguous region of memory. This particular approach is really convenient when comparing it to the alternative described next. … or it can allocate an intermediate buffer, read a fixed size block of bytes from the file into it, search the buffer and then repeat the process. This particular approach is absolutely ghoulish to implement, because you need to account for the fact that a buffer may end in the middle of the line. You also need to account for the fact that a single line may exceed the size of your buffer. Finally, if you’re going to support showing the lines around a match (its “context”) as both grep and ripgrep do, then you need to do additional bookkeeping to make sure any lines from a previous buffer are printed even if a match occurs at the beginning of the next block read from the file. Naively, it seems like (1) would be obviously faster. Surely, all of the bookkeeping and copying in (2) would make it much slower! In fact, this is not at all true. (1) may not require much bookkeeping from the perspective of the programmer, but there is a lot of bookkeeping going on inside the Linux kernel to maintain the memory map. (That link goes to a mailing list post that is quite old, but it still appears relevant today.) When I first started writing ripgrep, I used the memory map approach. It took me a long time to be convinced enough to start down the second path with an intermediate buffer (because neither a CPU profile nor the output of strace ever showed any convincing evidence that memory maps were to blame), but as soon as I had a prototype of (2) working, it was clear that it was much faster than the memory map approach. With all that said, memory maps aren’t all bad. They just happen to be bad for the particular use case of “rapidly open, scan and close memory maps for thousands of small files.” For a different use case, like, say, “open this large file and search it once,” memory maps turn out to be a boon. We’ll see that in action in our single-file benchmarks later. The key datapoint that supports this conclusion is the comparison between rg (ignore) and rg (ignore) (mmap). In particular, this controls for everything except for the search strategy and fairly conclusively points right at memory maps as the problem. With all that said, the performance of memory maps is very dependent on your environment, and the absolute difference between rg (ignore) and ag (ignore) (mmap) can be misleading. In particular, since these benchmarks were run on an EC2 c3.2xlarge, we were probably inside a virtual machine, which could feasibly impact memory map performance. To test this, I ran the same benchmark on my machine under my desk (Intel i7-6900K 3.2 GHz, 16 CPUs, 64 GB memory, SSD) and got these results: rg (ignore)          0.156 +/- 0.006 (lines: 16)
rg (ignore) (mmap)   0.397 +/- 0.013 (lines: 16)
ag (ignore) (mmap)   0.444 +/- 0.016 (lines: 16)
pt (ignore)          0.159 +/- 0.008 (lines: 16)
sift (ignore)        0.344 +/- 0.002 (lines: 16)
git grep (ignore)    0.195 +/- 0.023 (lines: 16)
rg (whitelist)       0.108 +/- 0.005 (lines: 16)*+
ucg (whitelist)      0.165 +/- 0.005 (lines: 16)
 rg (ignore) still soundly beats ag, and our memory map conclusions above are still supported by this data, but the difference between rg (ignore) and ag (ignore) (mmap) has narrowed quite a bit! linux_literal_casei Description: This benchmark is like linux_literal, except it asks the search tool to perform a case insensitive search. Pattern: PM_RESUME (with the -i flag set) rg (ignore)          0.345 +/- 0.073 (lines: 370)
rg (ignore) (mmap)   1.612 +/- 0.011 (lines: 370)
ag (ignore) (mmap)   1.609 +/- 0.015 (lines: 370)
pt (ignore)          17.204 +/- 0.126 (lines: 370)
sift (ignore)        0.805 +/- 0.005 (lines: 370)
git grep (ignore)    0.343 +/- 0.007 (lines: 370)
rg (whitelist)       0.222 +/- 0.021 (lines: 370)+
ucg (whitelist)      0.217 +/- 0.006 (lines: 370)*
 * - Best mean time. + - Best sample time. Analysis: The biggest change from the previous benchmark is that pt got an order of magnitude slower than the next slowest tool. So why did pt get so slow? In particular, both sift and pt use Go’s regexp package for searching, so why did one perish while the other only got slightly slower? It turns out that when pt sees the -i flag indicating case insensitive search, it will force itself to use Go’s regexp engine with the i flag set. So for example, given a CLI invocation of pt -i foo, it will translate that to a Go regexp of (?i)foo, which will handle the case insensitive search. On the other hand, sift will notice the -i flag and take a different route. sift will lowercase both the pattern and every block of bytes it searches. This filter over all the bytes searched is likely the cause of sift’s performance drop from the previous linux_literal benchmark. (It’s worth pointing out that this optimization is actually incorrect, because it only accounts for ASCII case insensitivity, and not full Unicode case insensitivity, which pt gets by virture of Go’s regexp engine.) But still, is Go’s regexp engine really that slow? Unfortunately, yes, it is. While Go’s regexp engine takes worst case linear time on all searches (and is therefore exponentially faster than even PCRE2 for some set of regexes and corpora), its actual implementation hasn’t quite matured yet. Indeed, every fast regex engine based on finite automata that I’m aware of implements some kind of DFA engine. For example, GNU grep, Google’s RE2 and Rust’s regex library all do this. Go’s does not (but there is work in progress to make this happen, so perhaps pt will get faster on this benchmark without having to do anything at all!). There is one other thing worth noting here before moving on. Namely, that rg, ag, git grep and ucg didn’t noticeably change much from the previous benchmark. Shouldn’t a case insensitive search incur some kind of overhead? The answer is complicated and actually requires more knowledge of the underlying regex engines than I have. Thankfully, I can at least answer it for Rust’s regex engine. The key insight is that a case insensitive search for PM_RESUME is precisely the same as a case sensitive search of the alternation of all possible case agnostic versions of PM_RESUME. So for example, it might start like: PM_RESUME|pM_RESUME|Pm_RESUME|PM_rESUME|... and so on. Of course, the full alternation, even for a small literal like this, would be quite large. The key is that we can extract a small prefix and enumerate all of its combinations quite easily. In this case, Rust’s regex engine figures out this alternation (which you can see by passing --debug to rg and examining stderr): PM_RE
PM_Re
PM_rE
PM_re
Pm_RE
Pm_Re
Pm_rE
Pm_re
pM_RE
pM_Re
pM_rE
pM_re
pm_RE
pm_Re
pm_rE
pm_re
 (Rest assured that Unicode support is baked into this process. For example, a case insensitive search for S would yield the following literals: S, s and ſ.) Now that we have this alternation of literals, what do we do with them? The classical answer is to compile them into a DFA (perhaps Aho-Corasick), and use it as a way to quickly skip through the search text. A match of any of the literals would then cause the regex engine to activate and try to verify the match. This way, we aren’t actually running the entire search text through the regex engine, which could be quite a bit slower. But, Rust’s regex engine doesn’t actually use Aho-Corasick for this. When SIMD acceleration is enabled (and you can be sure it is for these benchmarks, and for the binaries I distribute), a special multiple pattern search algorithm called Teddy is used. The algorithm is unpublished, but was invented by Geoffrey Langdale as part of Intel’s Hyperscan regex library. The algorithm works roughly by using packed comparisons of 16 bytes at a time to find candidate locations where a literal might match. I adapted the algorithm from the Hyperscan project to Rust, and included an extensive write up in the comments if you’re interested. While Teddy doesn’t buy us much over other tools in this particular benchmark, we will see much larger wins in later benchmarks. linux_word Description: This benchmarks the PM_RESUME literal again, but adds the -w flag to each tool. The -w flag has the following behavior: all matches reported must be considered “words.” That is, a “word” is something that starts and ends at a word boundary, where a word boundary is defined as a position in the search text that is adjacent to both a word character and a non-word character. Pattern: PM_RESUME (with the -w flag set) rg (ignore)         0.362 +/- 0.080 (lines: 6)
ag (ignore)         1.603 +/- 0.009 (lines: 6)
pt (ignore)         14.417 +/- 0.144 (lines: 6)
sift (ignore)       7.840 +/- 0.123 (lines: 6)
git grep (ignore)   0.341 +/- 0.005 (lines: 6)
rg (whitelist)      0.220 +/- 0.026 (lines: 6)*+
ucg (whitelist)     0.221 +/- 0.007 (lines: 6)
 * - Best mean time. + - Best sample time. Analysis: Not much has changed between this benchmark and the previous linux_literal or linux_literal_casei benchmarks. The most important thing to note is that most search tools handle the -w flag just fine without any noticeable drop in performance. There are two additional things I’d like to note. rg is searching with Unicode aware word boundaries where as the rest of the tools are using ASCII only word boundaries. (git grep can be made to use Unicode word boundaries by adjusting your system’s locale settings. In this benchmark, we force it to use ASCII word boundaries.) sift and pt are the only tools that gets noticeably slower in this benchmark compared to previous benchmarks. The reason is the same as the reason why pt got noticeably slower in the linux_literal_casei benchmark: both pt and sift are now also bottlenecked on Go’s regexp library. pt and sift could do a little better here by staying out of Go’s regexp library and searching for the PM_RESUME literal, and then only confirming whether the match corresponds to a word boundary after it found a hit for PM_RESUME. This still might use Go’s regexp library, but in a much more limited form. linux_unicode_word Description: This benchmarks a simple query for all prefixed forms of the “amp-hour” (Ah) unit of measurement. For example, it should show things like mAh (for milliamp-hour) and µAh (for microamp-hour). It is particularly interesting because the second form starts with µ, which is part of a Unicode aware \w character class, but not an ASCII-only \w character class. We again continue to control for the overhead of respecting .gitignore files. Pattern: \wAh rg (ignore)                 0.355 +/- 0.073 (lines: 186)
rg (ignore) (ASCII)         0.329 +/- 0.060 (lines: 174)
ag (ignore) (ASCII)         1.774 +/- 0.011 (lines: 174)
pt (ignore) (ASCII)         14.180 +/- 0.180 (lines: 174)
sift (ignore) (ASCII)       11.087 +/- 0.108 (lines: 174)
git grep (ignore)           13.045 +/- 0.008 (lines: 186)
git grep (ignore) (ASCII)   2.991 +/- 0.004 (lines: 174)
rg (whitelist)              0.235 +/- 0.031 (lines: 180)
rg (whitelist) (ASCII)      0.225 +/- 0.023 (lines: 168)*+
ucg (ASCII)                 0.229 +/- 0.007 (lines: 168)
 * - Best mean time. + - Best sample time. Analysis: In this benchmark, we’ve introduced a new variable: whether or not to enable Unicode support in each tool. Searches that are Unicode aware report slightly more matches that are missed by the other ASCII only searches. Of all the tools here, the only ones that support Unicode toggling are rg and git grep. rg’s Unicode support can be toggled by setting a flag in the pattern itself (e.g., \w is Unicode aware while (?-u)\w is not), and git grep’s Unicode suport can be toggled by setting the LC_ALL environment variable (where en_US.UTF-8 is one way to enable Unicode support and C forces it to be ASCII). More generally, git grep’s Unicode support is supposed to line up with your system’s locale settings—setting LC_ALL is a bit of a hack. It gets a little worse than that actually. Not only are rg and git grep the only ones to support toggling Unicode, but they are the only ones to support Unicode at all. ag, pt, sift and ucg will all force you to use the ASCII only \w character class. (For pt and sift in particular, Go’s regexp library doesn’t have the ability to treat \w as Unicode aware. For ag and ucg, which use PCRE, \w could be made Unicode aware with a flag sent to PCRE. Neither tool exposes that functionality though.) The key result to note here is that while git grep suffers a major performance hit for enabling Unicode support, ripgrep hums along just fine with no noticeable loss in performance, even though both rg (ignore) and git grep (ignore) report the same set of results. As in the previous benchmark, both pt and sift could do better here by searching for the Ah literal, and only using Go’s regexp library to verify a match.) Looking at the benchmark results, I can think of two important questions to ask: Why is git grep (ignore) (ASCII) so much slower than rg (ignore) (ASCII)? And while the two aren’t directly comparable, it’s also a lot slower than ucg (ASCII). How is rg (ignore) (which is Unicode aware) just as fast as rg (ignore) (ASCII)? I actually don’t have a great answer for (1). In the case of rg at least, it will extract the Ah literal suffix from the regex and use that to find candidate matches before running the \w prefix. While GNU grep has sophisticated literal extraction as well, it looks like git grep doesn’t go to similar lengths to extract literals. (I’m arriving at this conclusion after skimming the source of git grep, so I could be wrong.) In the case of ucg, it’s likely that PCRE2 is doing a similar literal optimization that rg is doing. (2) is fortunately much easier to answer. The trick is not inside of rg, but inside its regex library. Namely, the regex engine builds UTF-8 decoding into its finite state machine. (This is a trick that is originally attributed to Ken Thompson, but was more carefully described by Russ Cox. To read more about how this is achieved in Rust’s regex engine, please see the utf8-ranges library.) The reason why this is fast is because there is no extra decoding step required. The regex can be matched directly against UTF-8 encoded byte strings one byte at a time. Invalid UTF-8 doesn’t pose any problems: the finite automaton simply won’t match it because it doesn’t recognize it. In contrast, git grep (and GNU grep) have a completely separate path in their core matching code for handling Unicode aware features like this. To be fair, git grep can handle text encodings other than UTF-8, where as rg is limited to UTF-8 (or otherwise “ASCII compatible” text encodings) at the moment. linux_re_literal_suffix Description: This benchmarks a simple regex pattern that ends with a literal. We continue to control for the overhead of respecting .gitignore files. Pattern: [A-Z]+_RESUME rg (ignore)         0.318 +/- 0.034 (lines: 1652)
ag (ignore)         1.899 +/- 0.008 (lines: 1652)
pt (ignore)         13.713 +/- 0.241 (lines: 1652)
sift (ignore)       10.172 +/- 0.186 (lines: 1652)
git grep (ignore)   1.108 +/- 0.004 (lines: 1652)
rg (whitelist)      0.221 +/- 0.022 (lines: 1630)*+
ucg (whitelist)     0.301 +/- 0.001 (lines: 1630)
 * - Best mean time. + - Best sample time. Analysis: This benchmark doesn’t reveal anything particularly new that we haven’t already learned from previous benchmarks. In particular, both rg and ucg continue to be competitive, pt and sift are getting bottlenecked by Go’s regexp library and git grep has a slow down similar to the one observed in linux_unicode_word. (My hypothesis for that slow down continues to be that git grep is missing the literal optimization.) Finally, ag continues to be held back by its use of memory maps. rg, and almost assuredly ucg (by virtue of PCRE2), are picking on the _RESUME literal suffix and searching for that instead of running the regex over the entire search text. This explains why both tools are able to maintain their speed even as the pattern gets slightly more complex. rg does seem to slightly edge out ucg here, which might be attributable to differences in how each underlying regex library does literal search. linux_alternates Description: This benchmarks an alternation of four literals. The literals were specifically chosen to start with four distinct bytes to make it harder to optimize. Pattern: ERR_SYS|PME_TURN_OFF|LINK_REQ_RST|CFG_BME_EVT rg (ignore)         0.351 +/- 0.074 (lines: 68)
ag (ignore)         1.747 +/- 0.005 (lines: 68)
git grep (ignore)   0.501 +/- 0.003 (lines: 68)
rg (whitelist)      0.216 +/- 0.031 (lines: 68)+
ucg (whitelist)     0.214 +/- 0.008 (lines: 68)*
 * - Best mean time. + - Best sample time. We drop pt and sift from this benchmark and the next one for expediency. In this benchmark and in a few previous benchmarks, they have been hovering around an order of magnitude slower than the next slowest tool. Neither get any better as the complexity of our patterns increase. Analysis: Yet again, both rg and ucg maintain high speed even as the pattern grows beyond a simple literal. In this case, there isn’t any one particular literal that we can search to find match candidates quickly, but a good regular expression engine can still find ways to speed this up. For rg in particular, it sees the four literals and diverts to the Teddy multiple pattern SIMD algorithm (as described in the linux_literal_casei benchmark). In fact, for this particular pattern, Rust’s core regex engine is never used at all. Namely, it notices that a literal match of any of the alternates corresponds to an overall match of the pattern, so it can completely skip the verification step. This makes searching alternates of literals very fast. linux_alternates_casei Description: This benchmark is precisely the same as the linux_alternates benchmark, except we make the search case insensitive by adding the -i flag. Note that git grep is run under ASCII mode, in order to give it every chance to be fast. Pattern: ERR_SYS|PME_TURN_OFF|LINK_REQ_RST|CFG_BME_EVT (with the -i flag set) rg (ignore)         0.391 +/- 0.078 (lines: 160)
ag (ignore)         1.968 +/- 0.009 (lines: 160)
git grep (ignore)   2.018 +/- 0.006 (lines: 160)
rg (whitelist)      0.222 +/- 0.001 (lines: 160)*+
ucg (whitelist)     0.522 +/- 0.002 (lines: 160)
 * - Best mean time. + - Best sample time. Analysis: The case insensitive flag causes quite a bit of separation, relative to the previous linux_alterates benchmark. For one, git grep gets over 4 times slower. Even ucg gets twice as slow. Yet, rg continues to maintain its speed! The secret continues to be the Teddy algorithm, just as in the linux_alternates benchmark. The trick lies in how we transform an alternation of case insensitive literals into a larger alternation that the Teddy algorithm can actually use. In fact, it works exactly how it was described in the linux_literal_casei benchmark: we enumerate all possible alternations of each literal that are required for case insensitive match. Since that can be quite a large number, we limit ourselves to a small number of prefixes from that set that we can enumerate. In this case, we use the following prefixes (which can be seen by running rg with the --debug flag): CFG_
CFg_
CfG_
Cfg_
ERR_
ERr_
ErR_
Err_
LIN
LIn
LiN
Lin
PME_
PMe_
PmE_
Pme_
cFG_
cFg_
cfG_
cfg_
eRR_
eRr_
erR_
err_
lIN
lIn
liN
lin
pME_
pMe_
pmE_
pme_
 We feed these literals to the Teddy algorithm, which will quickly identify candidate matches in the search text. When a candidate match is found, we need to verify it since a match of a prefix doesn’t necessarily mean the entire pattern matches. It is only at that point that we actually invoke the full regex engine. linux_unicode_greek Description: This benchmarks usage of a particular Unicode feature that permits one to match a certain class of codepoints defined in Unicode. Both Rust’s regex engine and Go’s regex engine support this natively, but none of the other tools do. Pattern: \p{Greek} (matches any Greek symbol) rg     0.414 +/- 0.021 (lines: 23)*+
pt     12.745 +/- 0.166 (lines: 23)
sift   7.767 +/- 0.264 (lines: 23)
 * - Best mean time. + - Best sample time. Analysis: This one is pretty simple. rg compiles \p{Greek} into a deterministic finite state machine while Go (used in pt and sift) will also use a finite state machine, but it is a nondeterministic simulation. The core difference between the two approaches is that the former is only ever in one state at any point in time, while the latter must constantly keep track of all the different states it is in. linux_unicode_greek_casei Description: This benchmark is just like the linux_unicode_greek benchmark, except it makes the search case insensitive. This particular query is a bit idiosyncratic, but it does demonstrate just how well supported Unicode is in rg. Pattern: \p{Greek} (with the -i flag set, matches any Greek symbol) rg     0.425 +/- 0.027 (lines: 103)
pt     12.612 +/- 0.217 (lines: 23)
sift   0.002 +/- 0.000 (lines: 0)*+
 * - Best mean time. + - Best sample time. Analysis: sift doesn’t actually beat rg here: it just gets so confused by the search request that it gives up and reports no matches. pt seems to execute the search, but doesn’t handle Unicode case insensitivity correctly. Meanwhile, rg handles the request just fine, and it’s still fast. In this particular case, the entire Greek category, along with all of its case-insensitive variants, are compiled into a single fast deterministic finite state machine. One interesting thing to note about this search is that if you run it, you’ll see a lot more results containing the character µ, which looks essentially identical to the character μ that also shows up in a case sensitive search. As you might have guessed, even though these two characters look the same, they are in fact distinct Unicode codepoints: µ is MICRO SIGN with codepoint U+000000B5. μ is GREEK SMALL LETTER MU with codepoint U+000003BC. The latter codepoint is considered part of the \p{Greek} group while the former codepoint is not (the former codepoint appears to be the correct sigil to use in the case of the Linux kernel). However, the Unicode simple case folding tables map MICRO SIGN to GREEK SMALL LETTER MU, which causes rg to pick up on lines containing MICRO SIGN even though it strictly isn’t part of the Greek group. linux_no_literal Description: This is the last benchmark on the Linux kernel source code and is a bit idiosyncratic like linux_unicode_greek_casei. In particular, it looks for lines containing 5 consecutive repetitions of 5 word characters, each separated by one or more space characters. The key distinction of this pattern from every other pattern in this benchmark is that it does not contain any literals. Given the presence of \w and \s, which have valid Unicode and ASCII interpretations, we attempt to control for the presence of Unicode support. Pattern: \w{5}\s+\w{5}\s+\w{5}\s+\w{5}\s+\w{5} rg (ignore)                 0.577 +/- 0.003 (lines: 490)
rg (ignore) (ASCII)         0.416 +/- 0.025 (lines: 490)
ag (ignore) (ASCII)         2.339 +/- 0.010 (lines: 766)
pt (ignore) (ASCII)         22.066 +/- 0.057 (lines: 490)
sift (ignore) (ASCII)       25.563 +/- 0.108 (lines: 490)
git grep (ignore)           26.382 +/- 0.044 (lines: 490)
git grep (ignore) (ASCII)   4.153 +/- 0.010 (lines: 490)
rg (whitelist)              0.503 +/- 0.011 (lines: 419)
rg (whitelist) (ASCII)      0.343 +/- 0.038 (lines: 419)*+
ucg (whitelist) (ASCII)     1.130 +/- 0.003 (lines: 416)
 * - Best mean time. + - Best sample time. ag reports many more matches than other tools because it does multiline search where the \s can match a \n. Analysis: Since this particular pattern doesn’t have any literals in it, it’s entirely up to the underlying regex engine to answer this query. It can’t be smart and skip through the input—it has to pass it completely through the regex engine. Since non-literal patterns are pretty rare in my experience, this benchmark exists primarily as an engineered way to test how well the underlying regex engines perform. rg, regardless of whether it respects .gitignore files or whether it handles Unicode correctly, does quite well here compared to other tools. git grep in particular pays a 5x penalty for Unicode support. rg on the other hand pays about a 0.3x penalty for Unicode support. Interestingly, even though ucg doesn’t enable Unicode support, not even PCRE2’s JIT can compete with rg! What makes rg so fast here? And what actually causes the 0.3x penalty? rg continues to be fast on this benchmark primarily for the same reason why it’s fast with other Unicode-centric benchmarks: it compiles the UTF-8 decoding right into its deterministic finite state machine. This means there is no extra step to decode the search text into Unicode codepoints first. We can match directly on the raw bytes. To a first approximation, the performance penalty comes from compiling the DFA to match the pattern. In particular, the DFA to match the Unicode variant is much much larger than the DFA to match the ASCII variant. To give you a rough idea of the size difference: The ASCII DFA has about 250 distinct NFA states. The Unicode DFA has about 77,000 distinct NFA states. (These numbers are produced directly from the compiler in Rust’s regex library, and don’t necessarily reflect a minimal automaton.) A DFA produced from these patterns doesn’t necessarily have the same number of states, since each DFA state typically corresponds to multiple NFA states. (Check out the Powerset construction Wikipedia article. Although it doesn’t correspond to the same implementation strategy used in Rust’s regex engine, it should give good intuition.) However, the first approximation is a bit misleading. While Rust’s regex engine does have a preprocessing compilation phase, it does not actually include converting an NFA into a DFA. Indeed, that would be far too slow and could take exponential time! Instead, Rust’s regex engine builds the DFA on the fly or “lazily,” as it searches the text. In the case of the ASCII pattern, this search barely spends any time constructing the DFA states since there are so few of them. However, in the Unicode case, since there are so many NFA states, it winds up spending a lot of time compiling new DFA states. (I’ve confirmed this by inspecting a profile generated by perf.) Digging a bit deeper, the actual story here might be subtler. For example, the Unicode pattern might wind up with the same number of DFA states as the ASCII pattern, primarily because the input its searching is the same and is primarily ASCII. The slow down then must come from the fact that each individual DFA state takes longer to build. This is likely correct since a single Unicode \w is over two orders of magnitude larger than a single ASCII \w. Therefore, each DFA state probably has a lot more NFA states in it for the Unicode pattern as opposed to the ASCII pattern. It’s not clear whether we can do any better here (other than trying to minimize the Unicode \w, which would be totally feasible), since we don’t actually know the composition of the search text ahead of time. One idea for improvement is to have multiple types of DFAs. For example, you might imagine trying to match with an ASCII only DFA. If the DFA sees a non-ASCII byte, then it could cause a transition into a Unicode-aware DFA. However, the penalty here is so small that it’s hard to justify this kind of implementation complexity! Single file benchmarks In the second half of our benchmarks, we will shift gears and look more closely at the performance of search tools on a single large file. Each benchmark will be run on two samples of the OpenSubtitles2016 dataset. One sample will be English and therefore predominantly ASCII, and another sample will be in Russian and therefore predominantly Cyrillic. The patterns for the Russian sample were translated from English using Google Translate. (Sadly, I can’t read Russian, but I have tried each search by hand and confirmed that a sample of the results I was looking at were relevant by piping them back through Google Translate.) The English sample is around 1GB and the Russian sample is around 1.6GB, so the benchmark timings aren’t directly comparable. In this benchmark, the performance of the underlying regex engine and various literal optimizations matter a lot more. The two key variables we’ll need to control for are line counting and Unicode support. Normally, we’d just not request line counting from any of the tools, but neither of The Silver Searcher or Universal Code Grep support disabling line numbers. Additionally, Unicode support is tricky to control for in some examples because ripgrep does not support ASCII only case insensitive semantics when searching with a non-ASCII string. It’s Unicode all the way and there’s no way to turn it off. As we’ll see, at least for ripgrep, it’s still faster than its ASCII alternatives even when providing case insensitive Unicode support. As with the Linux benchmark, you can see precisely which command was run and its recorded time in the raw data. ripgrep utterly dominates this round, both in performance and correctness. subtitles_literal Description: This benchmarks the simplest case for any search tool: find all occurrences of a literal string. Tools annotated with (lines) were passed the -n flag (or equivalent) so that the output reports line numbers. English pattern: Sherlock Holmes rg             0.268 +/- 0.000 (lines: 629)*+
rg (no mmap)   0.336 +/- 0.001 (lines: 629)
pt             3.433 +/- 0.002 (lines: 629)
sift           0.326 +/- 0.002 (lines: 629)
grep           0.516 +/- 0.001 (lines: 629)
rg (lines)     0.595 +/- 0.001 (lines: 629)
ag (lines)     2.730 +/- 0.003 (lines: 629)
ucg (lines)    0.745 +/- 0.001 (lines: 629)
pt (lines)     3.434 +/- 0.005 (lines: 629)
sift (lines)   0.756 +/- 0.002 (lines: 629)
grep (lines)   0.969 +/- 0.001 (lines: 629)
 Russian pattern: Шерлок Холмс rg             0.325 +/- 0.001 (lines: 583)*+
rg (no mmap)   0.452 +/- 0.002 (lines: 583)
pt             12.917 +/- 0.009 (lines: 583)
sift           16.418 +/- 0.008 (lines: 583)
grep           0.780 +/- 0.001 (lines: 583)
rg (lines)     0.926 +/- 0.001 (lines: 583)
ag (lines)     4.481 +/- 0.003 (lines: 583)
ucg (lines)    1.889 +/- 0.004 (lines: 583)
pt (lines)     12.935 +/- 0.011 (lines: 583)
sift (lines)   17.177 +/- 0.010 (lines: 583)
grep (lines)   1.300 +/- 0.003 (lines: 583)
 * - Best mean time. + - Best sample time. This is the only benchmark that contains pt and sift, since they become too slow in all future benchmarks. Analysis: Whether it’s part of the underlying regex engine or part of the search tool itself, every search tool in this benchmark does some kind of literal optimization. ag will inspect the pattern, and if it doesn’t contain any special regex characters, then it will use a Boyer-Moore variant to perform the search instead of PCRE. GNU grep does something similar, although it has clearly been the subject of much optimization. If that’s true, how does rg beat GNU grep by almost a factor of 2? Well, first and foremost, we note that both sift and ucg beat GNU grep as well. I won’t be able to go into detail on ucg’s speed since PCRE2’s JIT isn’t something I understand very well, but I can at least tell you that the reasons why rg and sift are faster than GNU grep are actually distinct: sift uses Go’s regexp library, which will do at least one small literal optimization: if every match of a regex starts with the same byte, the regex engine will scan for that byte before starting a match. If you follow the code that does the scan for the byte all the way back to its source for x86_64 systems, then you’ll find that it is using AVX2 instructions and ymm registers, which permit scanning 32 bytes in each iteration. In contrast, GNU grep uses libc’s memchr, which doesn’t use AVX2. However, that C code will be autovectorized to use xmm registers and SIMD instructions, which are half the size of ymm registers. In other words, by virture of being written in Go, sift is making more efficient use of the CPU. rg also uses memchr from libc. The rg binary that was used in this benchmark was statically linked with musl, which provides its own implementation of memchr. Despite it being quite a bit terser than GNU’s libc implementation used in GNU grep, it appears to be doing roughly the same work. If that’s the case, how is rg faster? The answer lies not in memchr nor in the variant of Boyer-Moore nor in the number characters Boyer-Moore can skip. The answer instead lies in which byte is given to memchr. rg will actually try to guess the “rarest” byte in a literal, and use memchr on that. (A standard Boyer-Moore implementation will use memchr always on the last byte.) In this particular case, running memchr on either S or H is probably quite a bit better than running it on s because S and H are far less common than s. That is, rg tries harder than GNU grep to spend more time skipping bytes in a fast SIMD optimized loop. rg can get this wrong, but it seems strictly better to at least guess and probably get it right in the common case than to submit to an artifact of common Boyer-Moore implementations. Now that the secrets of literal search have been revealed, we can better analyze the Russian benchmark. The answer once again lies in which byte is used for quick scanning. Both sift and pt use the same AVX2 routine in Go’s runtime, so why did they get so much slower than every other tool in the Russian benchmark? The answer becomes more clear when we look at the actual UTF-8 bytes of the pattern Шерлок Холмс: \xd0\xa8\xd0\xb5\xd1\x80\xd0\xbb\xd0\xbe\xd0\xba \xd0\xa5\xd0\xbe\xd0\xbb\xd0\xbc\xd1\x81
 There are two key observations to take away from this: Every character in the pattern Шерлок Холмс is encoded with two UTF-8 code units, which corresponds to two bytes. Every character starts with either the byte \xD0 or \xD1. If we looked at the UTF-8 bytes of the Russian subtitles we’re searching, we’d end up seeing exactly the same pattern. This pattern occurs because the contents of the file are mostly Cyrllic, which are all mostly part of a couple small ranges in Unicode. This means that the \xD0 and \xD1 bytes occur a lot. If you recall from above, Go’s regex engine will scan for occurrences of the first byte. But if that first byte happens as frequently as it does here, the overall search will wind up going slower because there is overhead associated with doing that scan. This is precisely the trade off one is exposed to whenever memchr is used. As you might have guessed, rg works around this issue by trying to guess the rarest byte. rg specifically draws from a pre-computed frequency table of all 256 bytes. Bytes like \xD0 and \xD1 are considered to be among the most frequent while bytes like \xA8 and \x81 are considered more rare. Therefore, rg will prefer bytes other than \xD0 and \xD1 for use with memchr. GNU grep continues to do well on this benchmark mostly because of blind luck: Boyer-Moore uses the last byte, which will correspond to \x81, which is much rarer than \xD0 or \xD1. Switching gears, we should briefly discuss memory maps. In this benchmark, rg beats out rg (no mmap) by about 25%. The only difference between the two is that the former memory maps the file into memory while the latter incrementally reads bytes from the file into an intermediate buffer, and searches it. In this case, the overhead of the memory map is very small because we only need to create one of them. This is the opposite result from our Linux benchmark above, where memory maps proved to be worse than searching with an intermediate buffer since we needed to create a new memory map for every file we searched, which ends up incurring quite a bit of overhead. rg takes an empirical approach here and enables memory map searching when it knows it only needs to search a few files, and otherwise searches using an intermediate buffer. One last note: I’ve neglected to talk about (lines) because there’s really not much to say here: counting lines takes work, and if you don’t need to report line numbers, you can avoid doing that work. ucg has a rather cool SIMD algorithm to count lines and rg also has a packed counting algorithm that works similarly to the memchr implementations we talked about. If it were up to me, I’d probably remove benchmarks with line numbers altogether, since most tools tend to reliably pay just a little bit extra for them. However, neither ag nor ucg allow turning them off, so we need to turn them on in other tools in order to make a fair comparison. subtitles_literal_casei Description: This benchmark is just like subtitles_literal, except it does case insensitive search. Tools annotated with (lines) show line numbers in their output, and tools annotated with (ASCII) are doing an ASCII-only search. Correspondingly, tools not labeled with (ASCII) are doing a proper Unicode search. English pattern: Sherlock Holmes (with the -i flag set) rg                    0.366 +/- 0.001 (lines: 642)*+
grep                  4.084 +/- 0.005 (lines: 642)
grep (ASCII)          0.614 +/- 0.001 (lines: 642)
rg (lines)            0.696 +/- 0.002 (lines: 642)
ag (lines) (ASCII)    2.775 +/- 0.004 (lines: 642)
ucg (lines) (ASCII)   0.841 +/- 0.002 (lines: 642)
 Russian pattern: Шерлок Холмс rg                    1.131 +/- 0.001 (lines: 604)
grep                  8.187 +/- 0.006 (lines: 604)
grep (ASCII)          0.785 +/- 0.001 (lines: 583)
rg (lines)            1.733 +/- 0.002 (lines: 604)
ag (lines) (ASCII)    0.729 +/- 0.001 (lines: 0)*+
ucg (lines) (ASCII)   1.896 +/- 0.005 (lines: 583)
 * - Best mean time. + - Best sample time. There is no rg (ASCII) because rg can’t do ASCII-only case insensitive search. Analysis: This is a fun benchmark, because we start to see just how awesome rg’s support for Unicode is. Namely, that it not only gets it correct, but it’s also fast. It’s fast enough that it beats the competition even when the competition is using ASCII-only rules. Right off the bat, GNU grep pays dearly for doing a case insensitive search with Unicode support. The problem it faces is that it can no longer do a straight-forward Boyer-Moore search, so it either needs to fall back to some alternative literal search or its full regex engine. Even though GNU grep is much faster at ASCII-only case sensitive search than its Unicode aware variant, rg’s Unicode case insensitive search still handedly beats GNU grep’s ASCII-only case insensitive search. The reason why rg is so fast on this benchmark is the same reason why it’s fast in the linux_literal_casei benchmark: it turns the pattern Sherlock Holmes into an alternation of all possible literals according to Unicode’s simple case folding rules. It then takes a small prefix from each alternate so that our set of literals looks like this: SHER
SHEr
SHeR
SHer
ShER
ShEr
SheR
Sher
sHER
sHEr
sHeR
sHer
shER
shEr
sheR
sher
ſHER
ſHEr
ſHeR
ſHer
ſhER
ſhEr
ſheR
ſher
 (Notice that we get Unicode right by including ſ as a case variant of S.) It then feeds these literals to the Teddy SIMD multiple pattern algorithm. The algorithm is unpublished, but was invented by Geoffrey Langdale as part of Intel’s Hyperscan regex library. The algorithm works roughly by using packed comparisons of 16 bytes at a time to find candidate locations where a literal might match. I adapted the algorithm from the Hyperscan project to Rust, and included an extensive write up in the comments if you’re interested. While essentially the same analysis applies to the Russian benchmark, there are a few interesting things to note. Namely, while the results show grep (ASCII) as being very fast, it seems clear that it’s completely ignoring the -i flag in this case since the pattern is not an ASCII string. Notably, its timing is essentially identical to its timing on the previous subtitles_literal benchmark. The other interesting thing to note is that ag reports 0 matches. This isn’t entirely unreasonable, if it somehow knows that it can’t satisfy the request (case insensitive search of a non-ASCII string when Unicode support isn’t enabled). If I had to guess, I’d say PCRE is returning an error (possibly from pcre_exec) and it isn’t being forwarded to the end user, but that’s just a shot in the dark. subtitles_alternate Description: This benchmarks an alternation of literals, where there are several distinct leading bytes from each literal. We control for line counting. English pattern: Sherlock Holmes|John Watson|Irene Adler|Inspector Lestrade|Professor Moriarty rg             0.294 +/- 0.001 (lines: 848)*+
grep           2.955 +/- 0.003 (lines: 848)
rg (lines)     0.619 +/- 0.001 (lines: 848)
ag (lines)     3.757 +/- 0.001 (lines: 848)
ucg (lines)    1.479 +/- 0.002 (lines: 848)
grep (lines)   3.412 +/- 0.004 (lines: 848)
 Russian pattern: Шерлок Холмс|Джон Уотсон|Ирен Адлер|инспектор Лестрейд|профессор Мориарти rg             1.300 +/- 0.002 (lines: 691)*+
grep           7.994 +/- 0.017 (lines: 691)
rg (lines)     1.902 +/- 0.002 (lines: 691)
ag (lines)     5.892 +/- 0.003 (lines: 691)
ucg (lines)    2.864 +/- 0.006 (lines: 691)
grep (lines)   8.511 +/- 0.005 (lines: 691)
 * - Best mean time. + - Best sample time. Analysis: rg does really well here, on both the English and Russian patterns, primarily thanks to Teddy as described in the analysis for subtitles_literal_casei. On the English pattern, rg is around an order of magnitude faster than GNU grep. The performance cost of counting lines is on full display here. For rg at least, it makes returning search results take twice as long. Note that the benchmark description mentions picking literals with distinct leading bytes. This is to avoid measuring an optimization where the regex engine detects the leading byte and runs memchr on it. Of course, this optimization is important (and rg will of course do it), but it’s far more interesting to benchmark what happens in a slightly trickier case. subtitles_alternate_casei Description: This benchmark is just like subtitles_alternate, except it searches case insensitively. In this benchmark, instead of controlling for line counting (all commands count lines), we control for Unicode support. English pattern: Sherlock Holmes|John Watson|Irene Adler|Inspector Lestrade|Professor Moriarty (with the -i flag set) rg             2.724 +/- 0.002 (lines: 862)*+
grep           5.125 +/- 0.006 (lines: 862)
ag (ASCII)     5.170 +/- 0.004 (lines: 862)
ucg (ASCII)    3.453 +/- 0.005 (lines: 862)
grep (ASCII)   4.537 +/- 0.025 (lines: 862)
 Russian pattern: Шерлок Холмс|Джон Уотсон|Ирен Адлер|инспектор Лестрейд|профессор Мориарти rg             4.834 +/- 0.004 (lines: 735)
grep           8.729 +/- 0.004 (lines: 735)
ag (ASCII)     5.891 +/- 0.001 (lines: 691)
ucg (ASCII)    2.868 +/- 0.005 (lines: 691)*+
grep (ASCII)   8.572 +/- 0.009 (lines: 691)
 * - Best mean time. + - Best sample time. Analysis: While rg gets an order of magnitude slower on this benchmark compared to subtitles_alternate, it still comfortably beats out the rest of the search tools, even when other tools don’t support Unicode. A key thing this benchmark demonstrates are the limits of the Teddy algorithm. In fact, rg opts to not use Teddy in this benchmark because it predicts it won’t perform well. Why doesn’t Teddy perform well here? Well, the answer is in how we generate literals for this pattern. Namely, rg will try to generate all possible literals that satisfy Unicode simple case folding rules, and then will take a short prefix of that set to cut the number of literals down to reasonable size. In this particular case, we wind up with 48 literals: INS
INs
INſ
IRE
IRe
InS
Ins
Inſ
IrE
Ire
JOH
JOh
JoH
Joh
PRO
PRo
PrO
Pro
SHE
SHe
ShE
She
iNS
iNs
iNſ
iRE
iRe
inS
ins
inſ
irE
ire
jOH
jOh
joH
joh
pRO
pRo
prO
pro
sHE
sHe
shE
she
ſHE
ſHe
ſhE
ſhe
 If we passed all of those to Teddy, it would become overwhelmed. In particular, Teddy works by finding candidates for matches very quickly. When there are roughly the same number of candidates as there are matches, Teddy performs exceedingly well. But, if we give it more literals, then it’s more likely to find candidates that don’t match, and will therefore have to spend a lot more time verifying the match, which can be costly. (A more subtle aspect of the Teddy implementation is that a larger number of literals increases the cost of every verification, even if the number of candidates produced doesn’t increase. As I’ve mentioned before, if you want the full scoop on Teddy, see its well commented implementation. Going into more detail on Teddy would require a whole blog post on its own!) When rg sees that there are a large number of literals, it could do one of two things: Try to cut down the set even more. For example, in this case, we could strip the last character from each prefix off and end up with a much smaller set. Unfortunately, even though we have fewer literals, we wind up with a still not-so-small set of two-character literals, which will also tend to produce a lot more false positive candidates just because of their length. Move to a different multiple pattern algorithm, such as Aho-Corasick. I have tried to implement (1) in the past, but I’ve always wound up in a game of whack-a-mole. I might make one common case faster, but another common case a lot slower. In those types of cases, it’s usually better to try and achieve good average case performance. Luckily for us, Aho-Corasick does exactly that. We do still have a few tricks up our sleeve though. For example, many Aho-Corasick implementations are built as-if they were tries with back-pointers for their failure transitions. We can actually do better than that. We can compile all of its failure transitions into a DFA with a transition table contiguous in memory. This means that every byte of input corresponds to a single lookup in the transition table to find the next state. We never have to waste time chasing pointers or walking more than one failure transition for any byte in the search text. Of course, this transition table based approach is memory intensive, since you need space for number_of_literals * number_of_states, where number_of_states is roughly capped at the total number of bytes in all of the literals. While 48 literals of length 3 is too much for Teddy to handle, it’s barely a blip when it comes to Aho-Corasick, even with its memory expensive transition table based approach. (N.B. In the literature, this particular implementation of Aho-Corasick is often called “Advanced” Aho-Corasick.) subtitles_surrounding_words Description: This benchmarks a pattern that searches for words surrounding the literal string Holmes. This pattern was specifically constructed to defeat both prefix and suffix literal optimizations. English pattern: \w+\s+Holmes\s+\w+ rg             0.605 +/- 0.000 (lines: 317)
grep           1.286 +/- 0.002 (lines: 317)
rg (ASCII)     0.602 +/- 0.000 (lines: 317)*+
ag (ASCII)     11.663 +/- 0.008 (lines: 323)
ucg (ASCII)    4.690 +/- 0.002 (lines: 317)
grep (ASCII)   1.276 +/- 0.002 (lines: 317)
 Russian pattern: \w+\s+Холмс\s+\w+ rg             0.957 +/- 0.001 (lines: 278)*+
grep           1.660 +/- 0.002 (lines: 278)
ag (ASCII)     2.411 +/- 0.001 (lines: 0)
ucg (ASCII)    2.980 +/- 0.002 (lines: 0)
grep (ASCII)   1.596 +/- 0.003 (lines: 0)
 * - Best mean time. + - Best sample time. Analysis: In order to compete on this benchmark, a search tool will need to implement a so-called “inner literal” optimization. You can probably guess what that means: it is an optimization that looks for literal strings that appear anywhere in the pattern, and if a literal is found that must appear in every match, then a search tool can quickly scan for that literal instead of applying the full regex to the search text. The key thing that permits this optimization to work is the fact that most search tools report results per line. For example, in this case, if a line contains the literal Holmes, then the search tool can find the beginning and ending of that line and run the full pattern on just that line. If the literal is relatively rare, this keeps us out of the regex engine for most of the search. And of course, if the literal doesn’t appear at all in the corpus, then we will have never touched the regex engine at all. To achieve the full optimization, you probably need to parse your pattern into its abstract syntax (abbreviated “AST” for abstract syntax tree) to extract the literal. It is worth pointing out however that one can probably get a lot of mileage with simpler heuristics, but a real pattern parser is the only way to do this optimization robustly. The problem here is that for most regex engines, parsing the pattern is an unexposed implementation detail, so it can be hard for search tools to extract literals in a robust way without writing their own parser, and a modern regex parser is no easy task! Thankfully, Rust’s regex library exposes an additional library, regex-syntax, which provides a full parser. rg implements this optimization relatively easily with the help of regex-syntax, while GNU grep implements this optimization because the search tool and the underlying regex engine are coupled together. Why does the search tool need to perform this optimization? Why can’t the underlying regex engine do it? I personally have thought long and hard about this particular problem and haven’t been able to come up with an elegant solution. The core problem is that once you find an occurrence of the literal, you don’t know where to start searching the full regex. In a general purpose regex engine, a pattern could match an arbitrarily long string. For example, \w+\s+Holmes\s+\w+ mightly only match at the very end of a gigabyte sized document. There are ways to work around this. For example, you could split the regex into three pieces: \w+\s+, Holmes and \s+\w+. On every occurrence of the Holmes literal, you could search for the beginning of the match by executing \w+\s+ in reverse starting just before the literal, and executing \s+\w+ forwards starting just after the literal. The key problem with this approach is that it exposes you to quadratic behavior in the worst case (since \w+\s+ or \s+\w+ could cause you to re-scan text you’ve already seen). While I believe there is a general purpose way to solve this and still guarantee linear time searching, a good solution hasn’t revealed itself yet. Based on the data in this benchmark, only rg and GNU grep perform this optimization. Neither ag nor ucg attempt to extract any inner literals from the pattern, and it looks like PCRE doesn’t try to do anything too clever. (Of course, Rust’s regex library doesn’t either, this optimization is done in rg proper.) As for the Russian pattern, we see that only tools with proper Unicode support can execute the query successfully. The reason is because \w is ASCII only in ucg and ag, so it can’t match the vast majority of word characters (which are Cyrllic) in our sample. Otherwise, both rg and GNU grep remain fast, primarily because of the inner literal optimization. subtitles_no_literal Description: This benchmark purposefully has no literals in it, which makes it a bit idiosyncratic, since most searches done by end users probably have at least some literal in them. However, it is a useful benchmark to gauge the general performance of the underlying regex engine. English pattern: \w{5}\s+\w{5}\s+\w{5}\s+\w{5}\s+\w{5}\s+\w{5}\s+\w{5} rg             2.777 +/- 0.003 (lines: 13)
rg (ASCII)     2.541 +/- 0.005 (lines: 13)*+
ag (ASCII)     10.076 +/- 0.005 (lines: 48)
ucg (ASCII)    7.771 +/- 0.004 (lines: 13)
grep (ASCII)   4.411 +/- 0.004 (lines: 13)
 Russian pattern: \w{5}\s+\w{5}\s+\w{5}\s+\w{5}\s+\w{5}\s+\w{5}\s+\w{5} rg             4.905 +/- 0.003 (lines: 41)
rg (ASCII)     3.973 +/- 0.002 (lines: 0)
ag (ASCII)     2.395 +/- 0.004 (lines: 0)*+
ucg (ASCII)    3.006 +/- 0.005 (lines: 0)
grep (ASCII)   2.483 +/- 0.005 (lines: 0)
 * - Best mean time. + - Best sample time. ag gets more matches on the English pattern since it does multiline search. Namely, the \s can match a \n. grep with Unicode support was dropped from this benchmark because it takes over 90 seconds on the English pattern and over 4 minutes on the Russian pattern. In both cases, GNU grep and rg report the same results. Analysis: Once again, no other search tool performs as well as rg. For the English pattern, both rg and rg (ASCII) have very similar performance, despite rg supporting Unicode. What specifically makes rg faster than GNU grep in this case? Both search tools ultimately use a DFA to execute this pattern, so their performance should be roughly the same. I don’t actually have a particularly good answer for this. Both GNU grep and Rust’s regex library unroll the DFA’s inner loop, and both implementations compute states on the fly. I can make a guess though. Rust’s regex library avoids a single pointer dereference when following a transition. How it achieves this is complicated, but it’s done by representing states as indices into the transition table rather than simple incremental ids. This permits the generated code to use simple addition to address the location of the next transition, which can be done with addressing modes in a single instruction. (Specifically, this optimization means we don’t need to do any multiplication to find the state transition.) A single pointer dereference might not seem like much, but when it’s done for every state transition over a large corpus such as this, it can have an impact. When it comes to the Russian pattern, such details are far less important because GNU grep takes minutes to run. This suggests that it isn’t building UTF-8 decoding into its DFA, and is instead doing something like decoding a character at a time, which can have a lot of overhead associated with it. I admit that I don’t quite grok this aspect of GNU grep though, so I could have its cost model wrong. Now, in all fairness, GNU grep’s locale and encoding support far exceeds what rg supports. However, in today’s world, UTF-8 is quite prevalent, so supporting that alone is often enough. More to the point, given how common UTF-8 is, it’s important to remain fast while supporting Unicode, which GNU grep isn’t able to do. Unfortunately, the other tools don’t support Unicode, so they can’t be meaningfully benchmarked on the Russian pattern. Bonus benchmarks In this section, we’ll take a look at a few crazier benchmarks that aren’t actually part of the suite I’ve published. Indeed, the performance differences between tools are often so large that a fastidious analysis isn’t really necessary. More to the point, these usage patterns aren’t necessarily representative of common usage (not that these usages aren’t important, they’re just niche), so the performance differences are less important. Nevertheless, it is fun to see how well rg and the other tools hold up under these requests. everything Description: In this benchmark, we compare how long it takes for each tool to report every line as a match. This benchmark was run in the root of the Linux repository. Pattern: .* rg                 1.081 (lines: 22065361)
ag                 1.660 (lines: 55939)
git grep           3.448 (lines: 22066395)
sift             110.018 (lines: 22190112)
pt                 0.245 (lines: 3027)
rg (whitelist)     0.987 (lines: 20936584)
ucg (whitelist)    5.558 (lines: 23163359)
 Analysis: This benchmark is somewhat silly since it’s something you probably never want a search tool to do. Nevertheless, it is useful to know that rg scales quite well to a huge number of matches. One of the key tricks that a good regex engine will do in this case is stop searching text as soon as it knows it has a match if all the caller cares about is “is there a match or not?” In this case, we will find a match at the beginning of every line, immediately quit, find the line boundaries and then repeat the process. There is no particular special cased optimization for .* in either rg or Rust’s regex library (although there could be). Interestingly, neither ag nor pt actually report every line. They appear to have some kind of match limit. Which isn’t altogether unreasonable. This is a search tool after all, and some might consider that returning every result isn’t useful. nothing Description: This is just like the everything benchmark, except it inverts the results. The correct result is for a search tool to report no lines as matching. This benchmark also searches the Linux kernel source code, from the root of repository. Pattern: .* (with the -v or --invert-match flag set) rg                0.302 (lines: 0)
ag                takes minutes
git grep          0.905 (lines: 0)
sift             12.804 (lines: 0)
pt                -----
rg (whitelist)    0.251 (lines: 0)
ucg (whitelist)   -----
 Analysis: While this benchmark is even more ridiculous than the previous one (“give me nothing of everything”), it does expose a few warts and omissions in other tools. Namely, ag seems to slow way down when reporting inverted matches. Neither pt nor ucg support inverted searching at all. sift redeems itself from the previous benchmark (perhaps it has a lot of overhead associated with printing matches that it doesn’t hit here). Neither rg nor git grep have any problems satisfying the request. context Description: This benchmarks how well a search tool can show the context around each match. Specifically, in this case, we ask for the two lines preceding and proceding every match. We run this benchmark on the English subtitle corpus. Note that all tools are asked to count lines. Pattern: Sherlock Holmes (with --context 2) rg        0.612 (lines: 3533)
ag        3.530 (lines: 3533)
grep      1.075 (lines: 3533)
sift      0.717 (lines: 3533)
pt       17.331 (lines: 2981)
ucg       -----
 Analysis: rg continues to do well here, but beats sift by only a hair. In general, computing the context shouldn’t be that expensive since it is done rarely (only for each match). Nevertheless, both ag and pt seem to take a pretty big hit for it. pt also seems to have a bug. (Which is understandable, getting contexts right is tricky.) Finally, ucg doesn’t support this feature, so we can’t benchmark it. huge Description: This benchmark runs a simple literal search on a file that is 9.3GB. In fact, this is the original English subtitle corpus in its entirety. (In the benchmark suite, we take a 1GB sample.) Pattern: Sherlock Holmes rg                1.786 (lines: 5107)
grep              5.119 (lines: 5107)
sift              3.047 (lines: 5107)
pt               14.966 (lines: 5107)
rg (lines)        4.467 (lines: 5107)
ag (lines)       19.132 (lines: 5107)
grep (lines)      9.213 (lines: 5107)
sift (lines)      6.303 (lines: 5107)
pt (lines)       15.485 (lines: 5107)
ucg (lines)       4.843 (lines: 1543)
 Analysis: At first glance, it appears ucg competes with rg when counting lines (being only slightly slower), but in fact, ucg reports the wrong number of results! My suspicion is that ucg gets into trouble when trying to search files over 2GB. The other intesting bit here is how slow pt is, even when not counting lines, despite the fact that sift is fast. They both use Go’s regexp engine and should be able to be fast in the case of a simple literal. It’s not clear what pt’s slow down here is. One hypothesis is that even though I’m asking it to not count lines, it’s still counting them but simply not showing them. Conclusions I started this blog post by claiming that I could support the following claims with evidence: For both searching single files and huge directories of files, no other tool obviously stands above ripgrep in either performance or correctness. ripgrep is the only tool with proper Unicode support that doesn’t make you pay dearly for it. Tools that search many files at once are generally slower if they use memory maps, not faster. I attempted to substantiate the first claim by picking a popular repository (Linux kernel) and a variety of patterns that an end user might search for. While rg doesn’t quite come out on top on every benchmark, no other tool can claim superiority. In particular, git grep edges out rg on occasion by a few milliseconds, but rg in turn will beat git grep handedly (sometimes by an order of magnitude, as in the case of linux_unicode_word) as the patterns grow more complex, especially when the search tool is asked to support Unicode. rg manages to compete with git grep and beat other tools like The Silver Searcher by: Implementing fast directory traversal with a minimal number of stat calls. Applying .gitignore filters with a RegexSet, which enables matching multiple globs against a single path all at once. Distributing work quickly to multiple threads with a Chase-Lev work stealing queue. Explicitly not using memory maps. Using an overall very fast regex engine. I also attempted to substantiate the first claim by showing benchmarks of rg against other tools on a single file. In this benchmark, rg comes out on top in every single one, often by a large margin. Some of those results are a result of the following optimizations: Attempting to pick a “rare” byte to use memchr with for fast skipping. Using a special SIMD algorithm called Teddy for fast multiple pattern search. When Teddy isn’t usable, fallback to an “advanced” form of Aho-Corasick that never moves through more than one transition on each byte of input. Building UTF-8 decoding into a finite state machine. For the second claim, I provided benchmarks that attempt to use Unicode features such as conforming to Unicode’s simple case folding rules and Unicode aware character classes such as \w. The only tools capable of handling Unicode are rg, GNU grep and git grep. The latter two tend to get much slower when supporting the full gamut of Unicode while rg mostly maintains its performance. For the third claim, I showed multiple benchmarks of rg controlling for memory maps. Namely, we measured how fast rg was both with and without memory maps, and showed that memory maps perform worse when searching many small files in parallel, but perform better on searching single large files. (At least, on Linux x86_64.) We also learned that memory maps probably pay an additional penalty inside a VM. My hope is that this article not only convinced you that rg is quite fast, but more importantly, that you found my analysis of each benchmark educational. String searching is an old problem in computer science, but there is still plenty of work left to do to advance the state of the art. All content is dual licensed under the UNLICENSE and MIT licenses. Powered by Hugo & Pixyll
< WRAL.com WRAL Tech Wire Processing, Please wait. You are about to be taken to our payment provider site to update your account information, Continue? Yes No Life Sciences VC & Funding Startups Mobile & Broadband Employment Analysis Insider Benefits Updated Sep. 23, 2016 at 3:34 p.m. Fingerprint sign-in: Lenovo adding biometric sensors to Yogas, desktops Published: 2016-09-23 10:00:00 Updated: 2016-09-23 15:34:28 Post a comment Print this blog postE-mail blog post A fingerprint sensor (Synaptics image) Image 1 of 2 · Next Image… By RICK SMITH, WRAL TechWire Editor Tags: Lenovo, PC industry Morrisville, N.C. — Sign in to your desktop or tablet with a fingerprint and then be able to make secure payments? Yes, says Lenovo, which is working with several industry partners, including PayPal and Intel, to bring biometric security sensors to its Yoga convertible devices as well as desktop PCs. The move comes as a new report finds the global embrace of biometric security is growing stronger.... WRAL TechWire any time: Twitter, FacebookCopyright 2016 WRAL TechWire. All rights reserved. Editor's Blog The latest blog posts from our WRAL TechWire and WRAL editors. Read more articles…         Please Log In to add a comment. Latest for Insiders   NC awards $1.7M in grants to 29 startups, emerging firms   Are cannabis edibles safe? RTI wonders   Forbes: NC as No. 2 best state for biz despite 'bathroom bill'    Analysis: NetApp's transformation is paying off    Cisco services growth at 54 straight quarters   Cooling tech startup Phononic adds another $40M to financing Latest Tech News Durham-based Micells Technology raises $25 million Update: NCSU tech enables drones, insect biobots to map disaster areas Guest opinion: A review and tale of my 2016 Internet Summit experience Hot Off The Wire Tracking WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Following WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Tracking WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Biotech & Life Science Wilmington startup Optima aiming to energize hog waste Google photo app; Boeing job cuts; reverse heart disease?; Google 3K jobs in London; Tinder gender update Earnings: Novan, Argos, TransEnterix, Heat Bio, MaxPoint, ChannelAdvisor Venture & Innovation Charlotte-based Let's Talk Payments files to raise $500,000  Internet Summit: What do successful innovators do? They find a new medium  Startup unveils flashy content management system at Internet Summit CONNECT  Follow Us on Twitter  Like Us on Facebook  Follow Us on LinkedIn Rick Smith WRAL TechWire Editor The Skinny Are 'tasty' cannabis edibles safe? Researchers want more study Forbes: NC as No. 2 best state for biz despite 'bathroom bill' TechBreakfast expanding in RTP with job fair, expo SAS new frontier: CodeSnaps, teaching kids code to control robots Catching up with Lizzie Hazeltine, from Startup Factory to interim editor at ExitEvent CED reports $175M through 62 capital deals in Q3 Google to offer real-time election returns for North Carolina NetApp cuts 6% of work force, won't say how many layoffs to hit RTP  Lenovo exec: Shifting data center, other leaders are moves to 'optimize talent'  Why is RTP such an agtech hot spot? Accelerator CEO explains Trending Apple AT&T Biotech Broadband E-commerce Economic development Employment Fiber Google GSK IBM Internet Layoffs Lenovo Local Firms Opinion Analysis PC industry Startups Telecommunications and Wireless Venture STEM News  Planet Fitness franchise operator bringing 3 STEM campuses to Triangle  Citing need for tech workers, report says computer science ed must be 'urgent priority'  InnovateEDU: A summit to inspire minority, female students to study STEM Copyright © 2016 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. FAQ Story Archive Contact Us Advertise With Us RSS Feed AdChoices Privacy Policy Terms of Use Valid XHTML 1.0   CSS Load Check
null
News and Press Release Distribution, Since 1995 Deliver Your News to the World Sign In Create a Free Account Home News How We Work Compare Services FAQ All WebPost WebPost PPC WebRelease Targeted Media Wire Service Lenovo, Intel®, PayPal® and Synaptics® announce collaboration to bring FIDO® authentication to laptops Lenovo, Intel, PayPal and Synaptics reveal collaboration to bring a simple and safe online authentication to PCs with the industrys first FIDO-enabled embedded fingerprint solution.  This innovative biometric authentication system will implement the current, well-established FIDO standards for the PC.  The collaboration represents a shared effort to bring secure, password-less authentication to consumer PCs. RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, North Carolina – WEBWIRE – Friday, September 23, 2016 The average user has to remember passwords for many different accounts, from PC log-in, email to online shopping. We wanted to help change that by freeing users from the burden of remembering complex passwords by providing a simple authentication solution. Lenovo (HKSE: 992) (ADR: LNVGY), Intel, Synaptics and PayPal revealed a collaborative effort today to bring simple and safe authentication experiences to enterprise and consumer use cases today. The collaboration will enable Lenovo customers to be able to authenticate to online FIDO-enabled services like PayPal by using a fingerprint instead of a password. This innovative biometric authentication system for PCs will implement current FIDO standards, bringing established FIDO biometric authentication capabilities to the PC. Though verifying identity has long been the domain of passwords, they have become less safe to use without security factors in todays digital world.  The 7th Gen Intel Core processors with built Intel Software Guard Extensions (SGX) lay the groundwork for robust, hardware-protected biometric authentication securing users FIDO credentials and biometric information. The Synaptics Natural ID fingerprint sensor features enterprise-level security with TLS 1.2 encryption. Synaptics Natural ID Fingerprint Solution is secured by SentryPoint features, including TLS 1.2 encryption and anti-spoofing algorithms. PayPal leverages its unique authentication ecosystem to continue making payments more secure and convenient. The goal? Reduce fraud and increase security, while making online authentication nearly frictionless with biometrics secured by built-in, hardware-level protection. As the use cases for Internet-connected devices grows at the enterprise and consumer level, there is a critical need for highly secure, but unobtrusive methods for protecting identities, data and machines. Lenovo and Intels shared hardware expertise allows for a unified, built-in security architecture thats more secure, private and hassle free. Likewise PayPal brings its authentication expertise and Synaptics their biometrics knowledge to deliver a much needed alternative solution to the password problem. Lenovo Quote The average user has to remember passwords for many different accounts, from PC log-in, email to online shopping. We wanted to help change that by freeing users from the burden of remembering complex passwords by providing a simple authentication solution, said Johnson Jia, senior vice president, PC & Smart Device Business Group, Lenovo.  Were excited to be the first PC company to partner with Intel, PayPal and Synaptics to bring users simpler and safer online authentication based on the released FIDO standards, through fingerprint readers designed for improved security on our laptops starting with the Yoga 910 convertible. Synaptics Natural ID Fingerprint Solution and Quote The Synaptics Natural ID fingerprint sensor solution combines enterprise-level security with design flexibility. OEMs can select from a wide range of Synaptics SentryPoint features, such as match-in-sensor, TLS 1.2 encryption and anti-spoofing algorithms, to enable robust, biometric authentication for device unlock and online transactions.   Todays notebook and PC users want solutions that are safer and more convenient for online transactions, said Godfrey Cheng, vice president of marketing, Human Interface Systems Division, Synaptics. Together with our ecosystem partners, were deploying strong security architectures to protect user identity and accelerating the adoption of biometric authentication solutions worldwide. PayPal Quote In an ongoing effort to enhance security in the financial services industry, we are working with Intel and Lenovo on a FIDO authentication solution which enables biometric authentication for Personal Computers, said Bill Scott, vice president, Identity Product and Engineering at PayPal. Security has always been a priority for PayPal, and we are committed to offering our customers secure, password-less authentication options leveraging FIDO standards. Intel Quote Intel continues to drive innovation to simplify and secure the computing experience, said Navin Shenoy, general manager of the Client Computing Group, Intel. We are excited about the close collaboration between Intel, Lenovo, PayPal and Synaptics using the new 7th Gen Intel Core processors to bring secure payments via biometric authentication to the PC. FIDO Alliance Quote I commend Intel, Lenovo, Synaptics and PayPal, all FIDO Alliance board members, for partnering to FIDO-enable biometric authentication on the desktop, said Brett McDowell, executive director of the FIDO Alliance. Passwords are a universal problem that is not limited to mobile devices.  Every internet connected device needs the ability to upgrade to simpler, stronger FIDO authentication and thanks to this partnership, the desktop ecosystem is on an accelerated path to get the same FIDO capabilities already well established across the mobile ecosystem. Hardware-based Protection Secure password-less sign on requires strong authentication that is ideally rooted in the hardware. Lenovo PCs using Natural ID and Intel Core processors achieve this by quickly and securely capturing user credentials, which are encrypted and stored in the hardware, making them less susceptible to malware attacks. Sign In With Your Fingertip Were making signing in simpler and safer on a PC. Though all the user has to do is touch the fingerprint reader, sophisticated technology is at work protecting the sensitive credentials. Each login is wrapped in three layers of protection designed so that neither the users fingerprint information nor their FIDO credentials, ever leave their device: built-in hardware security, a secure device ID, and FIDO-compliant biometric authentication. About Lenovo Lenovo (HKSE: 992) (ADR: LNVGY) is a $45 billion global Fortune 500 company and a leader in providing innovative consumer, commercial, and enterprise technology. Our portfolio of high-quality, secure products and services covers PCs (including the legendary Think and multimode Yoga brands), workstations, servers, storage, smart TVs and a family of mobile products like smartphones (including the Moto brand), tablets and apps. Join us on LinkedIn, follow us on Facebook or Twitter (@Lenovo) or visit us at www.lenovo.com. LENOVO is a trademark of Lenovo. INTEL and INTEL CORE are trademarks of Intel Corporation. PAYPAL is a trademark of PayPal, Inc. SYNAPTICS, NATURAL ID and SENTRYPOINT are trademarks of Synaptics Incorporated. FIDO is a trademark of FIDO Alliance, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. ©2016, Lenovo Group Limited. ( Press Release Image: http://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/2/205422/205422-1.png ) Related Links Source WebWireID205422 This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted. News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire. Tools Printer-friendly version Email this Release Email Form Your Name Your Email Your Recipient's Name Your Recipient's Email Comments Verification Code: Please type in this box the code you see above: Send Bookmark this Release Show all del.icio.us Yahoo! Google Live Ask BlinkList Diigo Slashdot Technorati Simpy Netvouz Mister Wong Share this Release Show All Reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon Twitter Digg My Space Mixx Squidoo Newsvine Fark Blue Dot WebWire Related Industries Computer Hardware Consumer Electronics Electronic / Internet Commerce High Tech Security Distribute Your News Every day, hundreds of individuals and companies choose WebWire to distribute their news. WebWire places your news within numerous highly trafficked news search engines generating leads and publicity. Submit Your Release Now! WebWire® 1995 - 2016 About Us Terms of Service Privacy Statement

null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2016 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Campaign Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Hillary Clinton SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Fashion designer refuses to dress Melania Trump In The Know — 17s ago The Hill's 12:30 Report 12:30 Report — 18m 58s ago Retired officers to Trump: Don't reverse female, transgender troop policies Defense — 19m 47s ago Gardner's chief of staff tapped for Senate GOP campaign director Campaign — 21m 8s ago GOP unveils bill to block ObamaCare 'bailout' Healthcare — 22m 47s ago Big change on the horizon for NASA under Trump Presidential Campaign — 25m 11s ago The true impact government can have Politics — 28m 11s ago Key Hispanic lawmaker says Sessions will 'erase 50 years of progress' Administration — 32m 14s ago view all Overnight Tech: Pressure builds ahead of TV box vote | Intel Dems warn about Russian election hacks | Spending bill doesn't include internet measure By David McCabe and Ali Breland - 09/22/16 06:34 PM EDT   LEDE: The FCC is voting on its contentious set-top box proposal in a week and you can tell the pressure is mounting. Letters are flying in both directions on Capitol Hill as the debate over how the commission should open up the market for the television boxes goes down to the wire. A group of 63 House Democrats, led by Rep. Tony Cárdenas (D-Calif.), called on Thursday for the commission to reexamine Chairman Tom Wheeler's revised proposal. ADVERTISEMENT "We are writing to express our concerns with the Commission's proposed September vote on new set-top box rules and urge the FCC to issue a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (FNPRM)," they said. "We appreciate your effort to incorporate some of the suggestions you received during the comment period, however, the most recent proposal being voted on by the Commission is significantly different from the proposal that we had the opportunity to review and comment on." They also say a formal notice could help prevent a legal challenge to the item on procedural grounds. Meanwhile, Hill supporters of the proposal are launching their own offensive on the issue. Democratic California Reps. Anna Eshoo and Zoe Lofgren wrote a "Dear Colleague" letter on Wednesday decrying a key criticism of the proposal as a "fiction" and pushing their colleagues to support Wheeler's plan. "We want to set the record straight about this proposal because it is imperative the FCC act without further delay," they said. Click here to read more. Please send your tips, comments and stray observations to David McCabe (dmccabe@thehill.com) and Ali Breland (abreland@thehill.com) and follow us on Twitter: @dmccabe, @alibreland and @HilliconValley. INTEL DEMS' WARNING ON RUSSIAN HACKING: The top Democrats on both the House and Senate intelligence committees say Russian intelligence services are trying to influence our election, and it's coming from the top. "Based on briefings we have received, we have concluded that the Russian intelligence agencies are making a serious and concerted effort to influence the U.S. election," said Sen. Dianne FeinsteinDianne FeinsteinOvernight Defense: Trump transition team contacts Pentagon | Bill would ban National Guard bonus clawbacks Lawmakers introduce bills to ban National Guard bonus clawbacks Trump’s nominees may face roadblocks MORE (D-Calif.) and Rep. Adam SchiffAdam SchiffLawmakers introduce bills to ban National Guard bonus clawbacks Priebus defends Trump pick: 'That's not the Steve Bannon I know' Lawmakers, pundits react to Bannon, Priebus White House roles MORE (D-Calif.). "At the least, this effort is intended to sow doubt about the security of our election and may well be intended to influence the outcomes of the election -- we can see no other rationale for the behavior of the Russians. We believe that orders for the Russian intelligence agencies to conduct such actions could come only from very senior levels of the Russian government." Our Katie Bo Williams has more. THEN THERE'S THIS: Our colleague Julian Hattem reports that hackers, thought to be associated with Russia, have posted a picture that claims to be of Michelle ObamaMichelle ObamaFashion designer refuses to dress Melania Trump Tenn. official resigns after Facebook post saying KKK ‘more American’ than Obama W.Va. mayor resigns over Michelle Obama Facebook post MORE's passport. They've also posted emails said to be from a White House advance staffer. The White House refused to get specific when reporters asked about the alleged breach on Thursday. "We take any reports about a cyber breach seriously, particularly if it contains some sensitive information," said press secretary Josh Earnest. "Certainly, this is something we are taking a close look at." LAWMAKERS CALL FOR ROBOCALL REFORMS: The House Energy and Commerce Committee's tech subcommittee held a hearing Thursday on the Telephone Consumer Protection Act -- where members of both parties called for reforms to the landmark robocall law. Lawmakers voiced the concerns of both businesses worried about litigation under the statute and consumers irked by excessive robocalls. Lawmakers often channeled their constituents while talking about the latter issue. "Their sleep is interrupted, their day doesn't belong to them," subcommittee ranking member Rep. Anna Eshoo (D-Calif.) said. "It's a consistent form of harassment, the way they view it." I'M JUST HERE SO I CAN GET FINED: The FCC released a statement today saying that it was fining Siemens $175,000 for not disclosing corporate felony convictions. The FCC claims that these companies declined to disclose these convictions on their FCC wireless license applications, which is required. "A felony conviction is a serious offense that the Commission considers when deciding whether a company is fit to hold a license or other authorization," said Enforcement Bureau Chief Travis LeBlanc. "It is our duty to ensure that any person or company that fails to submit candid, complete, and accurate information about their background – criminal or otherwise – will be held accountable." WHATSAPP WITH THAT?: Privacy groups, predictably, are concerned with WhatsApp -- formerly famed for its staunch stances on privacy -- for sharing user information with its parent company, Facebook. "We urge the FTC to investigate this matter and to fulfill its obligation to prevent WhatsApp and Facebook from engaging in unfair and deceptive trade practices," they wrote in a letter to the FCC. BETTER THAN POLLS?: Northeastern assistant professor of political science Nick Beauchamp published a paper earlier this month on using Twitter to predict election outcomes. According to his paper he was able to predict all but two states in correctly in the 2012 election. "An examination of the most predictive textual features reveals the topics and events associated with opinion shifts, sheds light on more general theories of partisan difference in attention and information processing, and may be of use for real-time campaign strategy," the paper's abstract reads. ON TAP: At 8:30 a.m. The Telecommunications Industry Association will be hosting an Intel sponsored breakfast as a part of their internet of things week. IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Busy looking up NFL lines and making last minute changes to your fantasy team? Here's what you missed while you were doing that. Bad news for opponents of the Obama administration's internet transition plan. A provision blocking the transition was not included in the government funding bill unveiled in the Senate today. Sen. John ThuneJohn ThuneOvernight Tech: FCC chief lashes out at GOP | Obama takes on fake news | Bill would delay new hacking powers FCC chairman blasts changed agenda GOP braces for Trump’s T infrastructure push MORE (R-S.D.) expressed disappointment at the decision.. Yahoo confirmed a security breach in which 500 million of its users accounts were hacked. Sen. Mark WarnerMark WarnerOvernight Tech: Lawmakers dig into internet security | FCC drops agenda items | Twitter cracks down on alt right | Intel shakeup Shakeup on Senate Intel: Warner becomes top Dem The Hill's 12:30 Report MORE (D-Va.) was not pleased with how long it took Yahoo to reveal the breach. The U.S. has been hitting up Twitter a bit more compared to the first half of last year for user account information.  Tags Dianne Feinstein, Michelle Obama, Adam Schiff, Mark Warner, John Thune   Please enable JavaScript to view the featured perspectives by Versa. View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Trump’s transition takes surprise... Donald Trump and his transition team sent clear signals on Thursday&... 376 Shares 2 Trump taps Sessions for AG President-elect Donald Trump has selected Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) to... 286 Shares 3 Dems hit new low in state... The losses highlight the devastation in the Democratic Party from top to... 259 Shares 4 Axelrod: Trump’s picks a ‘monster’... Axelrod panned Trump's future attorney general, CIA director and national... 253 Shares 5 Trump to settle Trump University... The president-elect will pay between $20 million and $25 million but admit... 239 Shares 6 Our ally Turkey is in crisis and... OPINION | It is imperative that we remember who our real friends are. 148 Shares 7 Ivanka sits in on Trump's meeting... Ivanka Trump is pictured sitting across from her father and Japan's prime... 136 Shares 8 Trump picks Rep. Pompeo as CIA... Pompeo was a member the House Select Committee on Benghazi. 129 Shares 9 House GOP eying major Medicare... Budget Committee Chairman Tom Price (R-Ga.) said that he expects lawmakers... 119 Shares 10 Democrats have one final shot to... OPINION | Foster Campbell can win the runoff in Louisiana. 117 Shares 11 Warren tells Romney to bring his '... Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) jabbed at Donald Trump and Mitt Romney... 109 Shares 12 Obama won't call off anti-Trump... Obama said protests are just something Trump would have to get used to as... 104 Shares 13 Conservatives forget history in... OPINION | Conservatives must have forgotten the demonstrations against... 99 Shares 14 Anti-Defamation League CEO: I’ll '... "This is the day this proud Jew will register as Muslim," Jonathan... 97 Shares 15 Haley: Trump's election not '... Trump wasn't elected just because he ran as a Republican, South Carolina... 96 Shares 16 GOP braces for Trump’s $1T... Republicans in Congress appear ready to embrace President-elect Donald... 90 Shares 17 KKK, American Nazi Party praise... President-elect Donald Trump is drawing praise from the Ku Klux Klan, neo-... 86 Shares 18 Sanders won’t join Democratic Party Sanders was appointed to a leadership position within the Senate... 85 Shares 19 How did a California city turned... OPINION | Nearly a year after the terror attacks, the city is largely... 81 Shares 20 Lynch reports rise in hate crimes... The attorney general calls the spike "deeply sobering." 79 Shares 21 Civil rights groups slam Trump’s... The NAACP and ACLU both panned Trump's selection of Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-... 78 Shares 22 Republican proposes charging anti-... “Fear, intimidation and vandalism are not a legitimate form of political... 75 Shares 23 Memo to the LGBT community: Donald... OPINION | No signs the LGBT community will be targeted by Trump... 72 Shares 24 115th Congress will be most... The new Congress set to take office in January is slated to be the most... 71 Shares 25 Actor James Woods quits Twitter,... "Twitter has now sadly abdicated its position as a sole beacon of free... 70 Shares 26 GOP unveils bill to block... The bill would prevent the administration from making certain payments to... 70 Shares 27 The new political battlefield: ESPN OPINION | When Disney stock starts to fall and ESPN gets the blame, you... 68 Shares 28 Key Hispanic lawmaker says... Rep. Luis Gutierrez slammed Trump's AG pick.  68 Shares 29 Tim Ryan to challenge Pelosi for... Some House Democrats are urging a change in leadership after disappointing... 67 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2016 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu BATTLE BOTS Facebook and Intel built killer AIs that dominated a “Doom” video game competition Written by Dave Gershgorn Obsession Machines with Brains September 22, 2016 (VizDoom) Share Written by Dave Gershgorn Obsession Machines with Brains September 22, 2016 It’s pretty much universally agreed that we shouldn’t give AI-powered robots rocket launchers and set them loose to battle each other to the death. Luckily, we can recreate that in a video game. Facebook and Intel took home 1st place prizes today (Sept. 22) in VizDoom 2016, a competition to see who can create the best “Doom”-playing AI. The 1993 video game, in which a player fights the scourge of hell, has become a touchstone for AI research for its simple 3D maps and potential for different styles of play. Facebook, which competed under the team name F1, took home the (figurative) gold medal in the competition’s first challenge, where AIs are armed with rocket launchers on a map they’ve seen before. The goal was simple: kill each other. They could heal themselves with Medikits, and gather more ammunition. The Facebook team won 10 of 12 matches. Intel won the more complex second challenge, where the AI was dropped into a map it had never seen before. Alternate weapons were scattered across the map, so the bots didn’t only have to contend with unfamiliar terrain, but the decision of how different weapons would affect the potential outcomes of the match. Intel also won 10 of the 12 games, but by a much larger margin than the Facebook win. Pretty much every modern video game claims to have AI, which is used as a blanket term for characters programmed into the game that seemingly act autonomously. However, they’re programmed to have certain behaviors, act within certain limits, and don’t learn. The AI in the VizDoom competition don’t work that way. They play the same way any human would: by looking at the screen, processing what’s happening, figuring out the best strategy to win, and then actually controlling the character to achieve that goal. Each competitor’s bot is built on the VizDoom platform, software that standardizes how the AI can interact with the game. The teams tinker with specific approaches on how to learn, but mostly rely on variations of reinforcement learning, where they set the bot loose to play the game and fail, each time learning slightly more about how to win. But even the bots that didn’t win brought interesting ideas to the table. Clyde, created by University of Essex PhD candidate Dino Ratcliffe, preferred spawn-camping, according to a feature on the competition by Engadget. Spawn-camping is the act of shooting players just as they re-appear after dying in the game. Unfortunately, Ratcliffe’s computer broke a day before the competition, and a severely under-trained version of Clyde had to compete. The underprepared bot, who only finished 40% of training, took 3rd place. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. The Open-Source Intel Vulkan Linux Driver's Anatomy Written by Michael Larabel in Intel on 22 September 2016 at 05:44 PM EDT. 8 Comments Intel Open-Source Technology Center developer Jason Ekstrand presented earlier today at XDC2016 with a presentation entitled "The Anatomy of a Vulkan Driver" where he covers how he and fellow Intel developers brought up the first open-source Vulkan driver and had it ready for launch-day when Khronos formally unveiled the specification earlier this year. The early part of the presentation will be boring to anyone who frequently reads Phoronix with the dozens of articles I've written since February concerning progress on the Intel Vulkan driver, Vulkan itself, etc. The early part of the presentation just provides a basic overview of what is Vulkan, the need for Vulkan, etc etc... But the latter half of the presentation is what's interesting when he talks more about the design decisions, how he and basically three Intel developers brought up this driver (along with the support of many other Intel developers), and other commentary surrounding the Intel Linux Vulkan driver's design. Ekstrand also commented for the skeptics on how Gallium3D isn't fitting for layering Vulkan atop, why their Vulkan driver is in Mesa / the code they are able to share between their drivers, Vulkan support not coming to Sandy Bridge (it would be possible to run a sub-set of Vulkan on Sandy Bridge, but with the hardware lacking compute shaders it wouldn't work out and really isn't worthwhile without the compute shader capabilities), etc. Unfortunately the PDF slides haven't been uploaded for this Vulkan anatomy driver presentation, but the video recording is now available without having to deal with the stream's 2-hour limitation when live. To see the presentation, it's the first presentation of the XDC2016 Day 2 stream embedded below; it's certainly worthwhile for anyone into Vulkan and has an hour to spare, or at least 30+ minutes for the more interesting parts after the introductory coverage. 8 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Intel News Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Color Compression Support For Skylake Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Ubuntu vs. Fedora vs. openSUSE vs. Clear Linux On Intel Kabylake Turbo Boost Max 3.0 Patches Updated, Now On By Default For Multi-Socket Systems Intel Stages More DRM Driver Changes For Linux 4.10 The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) GNOME 3.22.2 Released Latest Linux News Feral Joins The Bandwagon Of Wanting Newer Mesa On Ubuntu New X.Org Driver Updates Roll Out For Xorg-Server 1.19 Support When Trying Out Tumbleweed, It's Easy To See Why OpenSUSE Leap Disabled Nouveau Raspberry Pi's VC4 Driver Picks Up ETC1, Fragment Shader Threading In Linux 4.10 LLVM's LLD Linker Looking At Enabling Multi-Threading By Default Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Color Compression Support For Skylake Vulkan Support On Mir Still May Be Months Away Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams Firefox 51 To Enable WebGL 2 By Default, FLAC Audio, Skia Content Rendering On Linux Latest Featured Articles RadeonSI Benchmarks On Budgie, GNOME Shell, KDE Plasma 5, LXDE, MATE, Unity, Xfce GCC 6.2 vs. Clang 3.9 Compiler Performance On Clear Linux With Intel Kaby Lake AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
null
null
Home Veterans Resources VA Benefits Jobs for Veterans Jobs News for Veterans VA Home Loans Short Term Personal Loans Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) Medical & Health Forum RSS Feed Email Newsletter Sign-Up Download VT Apps VT APP (Android) VT App (Iphone) VT Radio App (Android) VT Radio App (Iphone) VT Radio & TV Channels YouTube ITunes Sound Cloud Android Devices Social Networks Facebook Google + Twitter Help Desk Submit Support Ticket Vladimir Putin We have one Fatherland, one people and a common future Home Health Agent Orange Coping Gulf War Illness (GWI) Medical Disability Benefits PTSD Investigations 9/11 Holocaust JFK Assassination Paris Attacks 2015 Sandy Hook Life Art, Books, & Entertainment Economy & Business Education Environment Food, Wine & Travel History Civil War (1861-1865) Cold War (1947-1991) Gulf War (1990-1991) Iraq War (2003-2011) Korean War (1950-1953) Libyan Civil War (2011-2014) Vietnam War (1955-1975) World War I (1914-1918) World War II (1939-1945) Humor Of Interest Peace, Causes & Activism Personal Finance Religion Media Military Heroes Support the Troops Politics Civil Liberties and Freedom Corruption Election 2016 Foreign Policy Government Legislation Veterans Benefits Regional Top 10 VA Home Loans Veteran Service Organizations Veterans Affairs WarZone Afghanistan War Drug War New World Order War Ukraine Wars War in Syria World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Russia Custom Weapons Download Apps VT Polls Career Center VT Books Contact Editorial Board-Staff Comment Policy Write for VT About Us Advertise Legal Notice Search The rise against government corruption in South Korea Un-Trump the World Syrian War Report – November 18, 2016: Govt Forces Storming Eastern Aleppo Russian spokeswoman says Jews behind Trump win NEO – Will US Hit the Reset Button with Russia? Should the military overthrow Trump? Armenian President: Russia’s Iskander missile systems in Armenia to maintain balance in region Trump Election Spurs Hate Crime Wave with 400 Racist Incidents ‹ › Social Psychologist with Doctorate from Major Midwest Big Ten University. Retired after serving the community for over 36 years during which time there were numerous contacts with those associated with Intel and Law Enforcement. View Latest Posts >>> Extinction Level Threat – Mind-control: the Missing Link By Preston James, Ph.D on September 22, 2016 All terrorism is synthetically engineered, directly or indirectly, and the root cause is always the secret deployment of sophisticated mind-control systems comprised of esoteric Psi-power, Dispensed “News”, “shaped education”, cultural programming, and the SSG deployment of ultra high-tech psychotronics. by  Preston James Any serious effort by any investigative journalist who tries to report in the Mainstream Media that mind-control is the missing link in all world terrorism and mass-shootings (which just happen to occur in gun-free zones) is quickly neutralized. The Controlled Major Mass Media (CMMM) run by six medias moguls who report to a major investment house on the vanguard of investment technology will either ignore such disclosures or will attempt to discredit that journalist. Any official USG and Alphabet spokesmen will quickly deny any such issues have legs and will usually call the journalist by the CIA-created term “conspiracy theorist”, a label which works well discrediting that journalist. Despite all these denials and attributed labeling as a “conspiracy theorist” one will receive when they identify sophisticated mind-control techniques as a root cause of lone-wolf terrorist acts, such a declaration is true. Sophisticated high-tech Mind-control has allowed the Top Chieftains of the Khazarian Mafia to take control over the American People. The development and deployment of this Mind-control technology has become extensive and invasive after being combined with Artificial Intelligence (A.I.) algorithms and quantum (inter-dimensional computers). This has allowed a small group of Khazarian Mafia (KM) Chieftains who sit at the top of the Establishment Hierarchy (EH) and who run most of the Secret Shadow Government (SSG) to gain control over all of the USG, the Alphabets and all American Law Enforcement. And it is important to realize that this now ultra-high-tech Mind-Kontrol is also partly based on thousands of years of esoteric knowledge passed down within the Ruling Class (Twelve Kenite Bloodlines). But the recently discovered technology necessary to remotely hack the human brain and entrain its thoughts, belief and attitudes is by far the most effective means of Mind-control. And unless it is stopped or neutralized does pose the greatest threat to the very survival of the human race itself. Psychotronic Mind-Kontrol is now an extinction level threat. The reason this new psychotronic mass-Mind-Kontrol is actually an extinction level threat. Why? Because those who have been deploying it are unimaginably evil, soulless psychopaths. And they (themselves) have become possessed by esoteric spiritual entities which have deluded them to become deeply committed to attaining a Globalist NWO Agenda that is designed to destroy 90% of all humans in the first round and then the last 10% in stages. As many psychologists and behavioral scientists realize attitudes can become precursors for deviant actions, especially when they are mind-kontrolled and adequately triggered. Thus it is reasonable to view attitudes as “potential actions”. So naturally it has been a high priority for the KM Top Chieftains to secretly finance and promote the most sophisticated means possible to mass mind-kontrol the American People. They have done this through infiltrating, consolidating and hijacking the Major Mass Media, mainstream broadcast radio networks and TV. TV has been their best means for mass-mind programming of the masses until ultra high tech psychotronics were developed and deployed the last 25 years. It is now known for certain that the newest techniques of Psychotronic Mind-Kontrol have been deployed against certain individuals. Some randomly selected, some whistleblowers targeted for harassment and cognitive deconstruction. But all such deployments are tests and are used to hone and perfect these psychotronic remote conductive entrainment systems, usually complex A.I.-driven quantum computer-based algorithms. _________ “Mass Psychology of Submission” … Personalities who are more frightened of rebellion than of the consequences of their subjugation. If one’s attitudes are culturally conditioned to have anti-human attitudes, a suitable trigger is entrained or provided by a handler to coerce a mind-kontrolled individual to act in a certain deviant manner as the handler and trainer desires. It is now clear beyond any shadow of a doubt that such mind-control is real and triggers can be deployed through hand signals, voiced instructions, tone and display of certain symbols, as well as remotely induced and entrained directly into the skull by high-tech electronic warfare methods which are referred to as psychotronics. Some very high level Intel insiders (best described as Intel Cowboys) are well aware that certain major defense contractors now market top secret psychotronic induction devices for entrainment and triggering. _________ Nano and Sonic Technologies against Americans on Mainland US Now for those doubters who read this and think, “Oh this is just another attempt to lead away from the deviant criminals who infiltrated and hijacked the USG in 1913”, here is my answer. Scientists used soft materials to create a brain implant one-tenth the width of a human hair that can wirelessly control neurons with lights and drugs, and control the actions of mice with the press of a button. (Photo: Jeong lab, Univ. of Colorado Boulder) You are right in your assumption where this take-down of the US Republic started, but you are wrong about your assumption that this discussion of deployed Mind-control is an attempt to lead astray. One of the first tests occurred in a major sporting goods chain that had numerous well-balanced and mentally healthy staff crack with a major mental snap on the job. It was done through pulsed beam transmitters, which were installed in the stores. Then the next arena for even more sophisticated tests was certain large public schools; at first special UN-approved high-efficiency lights were installed that provided inductive entrainment of students, and then high powered Wi-Fi was installed, which produced numerous mental snaps in students and teachers and staff. In some of these initial test schools, they were first visited by Bush2, and any teachers who were completely standup had their desks sprayed with certain enzymes by Intel ops sheep-dipped as janitors, which gave them a variety of lethal diseases. Some were murdered by induction of strange, fast-growing cancers by psychotronics. Others were fired for bogus reasons, like the school’s computer department placing child pornography ads on their computers. New teachers who were too moral or standup had their contracts unexpectedly non-renewed. This was all under control of the Mossad, the CIA and the NSA in a joint operation. _________ Voice of God Successful in 1991 War Operation Bury ’em Alive – 1991 Iraq Highway of Death. During Desert Storm on Feb. 24-25, 1991, US troops using tanks and earthmovers that had been specially fitted with plows buried thousands of Iraqi soldiers alive. This assault had been planned and rehearsed. According to US participants, about 2,000 Iraqis surrendered and were not buried. Most of the rest, about 8,000, were buried beneath tons of sand — many trying to surrender. The Republican Guard threw down their weapons and allowed themselves to be bulldozed to death by US Forces in the first Gulf War in Iraq. Let’s consider one major piece of evidence that cannot be denied by anyone who reasonably examines the evidence. It’s the top secret deployment of the “Voice of God” remote entrainment system within the Iraqi Republican Guard during the 1st Gulf War which manipulated these crack soldiers into throwing down their arms and allowing themselves to be bulldozed alive into mass graves by the US Military. Some insiders have claimed within Intel circles of peers that this technology was deployed by use of special C-130’s electronic warfare aircraft in combination with certain satellites and certain ELF ground transmitters. I don’t know all parts of the system that was deployed, but I do know for certain that this “Voice to Skull” technology was deployed during that battle and actually was able to destroy a large part of the Republican Guard without a shot. And it is known for certain that this deployment produced an amazingly deadly result for the US Military and their puppet-masters the Israeli Likudists and stateside NeoCon Israeli-American “Israeli-first” Dual Citizen Traitors within the US State Department, the Administration, Congress and all the think tanks, NGOs and private foundations (like the traitorous and Seditious CFR and the various US Defense Policy Boards). _________ For those who want to research themselves in detail here are some key terms and references to search out: One example is LRAD, which can broadcast speech for up to 300 meters 1- Voice to Skull technology deployed by certain large DOD contractors, some Deep-Black and Beyond-Black. 2- Jesse Ventura’s episode “Brain Invaders” on his Conspiracy Theory network show which was later censored for the FEMA Camp episode and then later cancelled. This is periodically scrubbed from the Internet and often is then put up again for a while before it is taken down. 3- Dr. Robert Duncan, excerpt from Brain Invaders by Jesse Ventura on his now cancelled and censored Conspiracy Theory network show. He has a number of informative interviews on www.youtube.com. 4- Patrick Flanagan, Ph.D., one of the most impressive geniuses and inventors of our time, a man who was seriously persecuted by the SSG and discovered Voice to Skull and patented it only to have his patent initially seized under national security by the USG. This genius inventor is worth researching. He has drifted into the esoteric and this actually reduces his information to zero threat status to the KM. 5- Voice of God, as deployed in the 1st Gulf war. 6- Use of poppers (small approximately 2-5 foot diameter sphere and dome transmitters on buildings and a small number of tanks and armored vehicles during and after the 2nd Gulf War and invasion of Iraq which caused GIs and civilians a lot of headaches and disturbed sleep but failed to be even marginally effective in “pacifying” everyone. This is now generally regarded as a scam to extract large defense appropriations from taxpayers. 7- 1992 Com 12 Psyops Briefing Paper for USN Intel trainees, part of the secret war being waged between the USN and the USAF. 8- The CIA’s Satanic/pedophile mind-Kontrol program for very young hijacked, bought, commissioned from parents, or kidnapped children called the “Finders”. 9- Two examples of over 100 key mind-kontrol patents still in the public arena (over 200 have been classified and are not available to the public). Check out US Patent 3,951,134 “Apparatus and method for remotely monitoring and altering brain waves” (1974); or US Patent 6,011,991 “Communication system and method including brain wave analysis and/or use of brain activity” (1998). (source Elias Alias, youtube.com) 10-The book Excalibur Briefing by Lt. Colonel Thomas Bearden. 11-The underground book on scalar transmission edited by “Commander X”, the Guide to Incredible Conspiracies, What They Don’t Want You To Know. Do premier scientific labs have ethics, or will many researchers do anything for money? … “er, We know the answer to that; now we are just trying to determine their price.” _________ Conclusion Obviously, any article that specifically described the current deployment of psychotronics (electronic warfare) against the American People would be as thick as a phone book. I have given a brief overview here. An atom’s quantum information written onto a photon polarization state Some of this new Psi-power quantum based technology is just too sensitive right now to disclose specifically, but many VT readers can connect the dots from previous articles and draw realistic conclusions. Suffice to say that it is associated with: the secret societies, pedophilia, child and adult torture and sacrifice; mass-murder through wars and induced crime in synthetically engineered urban jungles; the invocation and negative energy “feeding” of the Third Force; and attempted applications to triple-helix gene-splicing technology to create the synthetic soul and use of inter-dimensional quantum computers and psychotronics. Current psychotronic and Mind-Kontrol technologies using remote induction/entrainment make it quite easy for the Secret Shadow Government’s Defense Contractors to create synthetic terror: including lone wolves willing to “sacrifice themselves”; manipulated patsies; radical mercenary groups like ISIS; and KM Cutouts and Doofuses who become willing to give up their souls to serve the KM’s “Order of the Snake” for the vast rewards they can and usually gain. The Russian Federation has developed significant and effective means to neutralize these devices in all forms, and it is believed that others such as Dr. Keshe have such neutralizing technology. It is no exaggeration to conclude the KM which has infiltrated and hijacked the USG and its Defense contractors is now deploying massive electronic warfare against We The People and many Americans, especially certain specific groups, which are now “deer in the headlights”, setting themselves up for slaughter watching TV and believing the CMMM, like lemmings heading for the cliff. This bevy of psychotronic weapons includes: ground based ELF and EMF (some handheld or stationed in neighboring homes and apartments run by Intel operatives); Wi-Fi systems in home, schools and businesses; cell phone and cell tower systems; remote home phone systems; chemtrails and ingested smart dust which migrates into the CNS which can be flashed; Doppler Radar; and satellite based scalar transmissions and various unmentionable Psi-chotronic weapons, which are actually inter-dimensional quantum based Psi-power weapons. Does Psi-power allow the individual to interact with a plane of all Possible Worlds with Different Start Conditions? If you want more research, you can research these provided leads and you will eventually gain a decent brief overview of what We The People now face. The hardest part to uncover is the beyond-black esoteric Psi-power weapons which are not covered in this article, weapons being developed now to use quantum technologies to strip the human soul out, hive the victim and reduce them to a slave, such as has been done with numerous synthetically engineered ISIS recruits. ISIS is basically a huge test for mass mind-kontrol based on psychotronically induced hiving. I have explicated some of these means in numerous prior VT articles and who is behind them. The concept of an Aerially discharged Electromagnetic Pulse Bomb (EMP) is often discussed as the ultimate weapon. Actually there is a sinister new EMP-derivate called the “E-Bomb” that can provide scalar emissions to suddenly reprogram the brain of millions at once, or in a different form that will neutralize the CNS of millions at once with no damage to electronics and buildings. Some Intel insiders believe that the Russian Federation has this weapon now and perhaps in operational form. It is rumored to operate as an inter-dimensional quantum emission device which allegedly prevents any shielding and can allegedly easily penetrate DUMBs, too. All future Electromagnetic weapons systems are likely to be based on the new quantum physics and the previously censored/removed Maxwell laws that explained such matters. Right now the Russian Federation is the world leader in these weapons by quite a long shot, according to informed Intel insiders. Suffice to say that We The People can deploy some of these same means (especially mass-consciousness and mass-focus as raw unbridled Psi-power) against our common enemy that the Khazarian Mafia and its Top Chieftains and their Establishment Hierarchy have deployed against us. When based and combined with Truth we can attain immense mass-power not previously thought to be available. Prayer, living by God’s rule to treat others as we want to be treated, a commitment to personal honesty and integrity and a willingness to declare the truth to all who will listen is actually a very powerful application that elicits strong Psi-power by and for We the People. The whole KM system is a system of mass lies, deception and Mind-Kontrol. If their system of abject lies is destroyed, it will collapse like a house of cards at every level. And many believe this happening right now, that the KM system of lies is being eroded more and more each month, thanks to the Internet and word of mouth one to another. Intel Cowboys – From 2nd L, Mike Harris, Jim Dean, Gordon Duff, Col. Jim Hanke, Dr. Barakat on far right – Damascus Counter Terrorism conference, Dec. 02, 2014 As many VT readers know, the Four Intel Cowboys at VT who attended the Conference in Damascus in December of 2104 for Combatting Terrorism and Religious Extremism were actually able to provide the information exposing the Khazarian Mafia (KM) which served as a catalyst that stopped WW3 at the time. These men overcame at least two serious interception events, one immediately neutralized by “Iron Mike” Harris who provided security for the team. Each of these four men should have received the US Congressional Medal of Honor for their bold and heroic service to America and for their successful efforts. This process of checkmating the KM through the promotion of truth that exposes their massive system of lies and deception now becomes the responsibility of all of us, the American Masses, We The People to expose and stop. Fortunately we have had a new weapon at our disposal, the worldwide Internet, the New Gutenberg Press. Soon a serious attempt is likely to be made to take this away from us. It may very well be that far too much truth has already been dispensed. The big game of the KM for many years since 1913 has been to use their hijacked Major Mass Media and all the mechanism and branches of the USG, corporations and hijacked institutions to make their criminal acts which should have been public private. Much to their horror and intense anxiety, the Internet has reversed this process by making secret acts of criminality, child-sacrifice, murder, war-making and mass-murder public. You would be correct if you came to the conclusion that We the People are now involved in a war for our very survival: it’s the Truth versus the KM lies and their massively deployed psychotronics; and it’s their cultural Mind-Kontrol versus the Psi-power of decent Americans and others who live by the Golden Rule of treating others the way you want to be treated, aka “love your neighbor as yourself”. _________ Joe Bonamassa was a great fan of late late, great Gary Moore and said his music was like a storm descending on your head. Here is a tribute to his music genius: One of his greatest hits. _______________ Related Posts: RT’s “Truthseeker” rips the lid off false flags! Osama bin Laden’s Ghost Dzhokhar’s boat ‘confession’ the most unbelievable part yet of Boston psyop Israel Celebrates Successful 9/11 Operation on Purim Holiday DHS announces: “Cyber-9/11 coming soon!” The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Preston James, Ph.D on September 22, 2016, With 19380 Reads Filed under Investigations. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 35 Responses to "Extinction Level Threat – Mind-control: the Missing Link" Martin Chartrand  October 11, 2016 at 6:25 pm I always thought that there would be civilian apps for synthetic telepathy. I’m just wondering when the military is gona phase out it’s mind control experiment & let the civilian sector run with it. I guess when the benefits outweigh their gains in repression & mind control. When will the militarily comes clean about all the star-chamber rulings & their liability & how they will compensate for years of abuse on unwilling subjects / unduly considered enemy combatants… The military has nurtured a whole lot of resentment utilizing this tech against mostly unarmed citizens. I know that the ti’s (targeted individuals) are getting ready to band together & start prosecuting their perps (perpetrators) & their networks (Military, Church of Scientologist) Ths for accepting my friend request Ramez Naam. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Nexus_Trilogy Log in to Reply Sooner  October 1, 2016 at 6:50 pm I think the real kicker showing this stuff is all true, is Conspiracy Theory getting booted off of Tru TV, and then scrubbed from the internet. Maybe that network can now be called FLUke TV. Log in to Reply jensingr  September 28, 2016 at 7:24 pm The KEY ingredient in the chemtrails which is lithium, although dispensed to cause lethargy in most humans, has the exact opposite effect on certain people, causing them to go ballistic. This makes them available to be the mind controlled zombies that go on shooting rampages for all of the false flag events. This is the deadly cocktail they have discovered! Log in to Reply CoJonesGrandes  September 26, 2016 at 5:50 am Yes, prayers are very important. Different futures lie ahead of us and the one we get is the one we create. Have a look at Chet Snow’s ‘Mass dreams of the Future’ which has been mentioned in Talbot’s ‘Holographic Universe’. Shakuntala Modi’s research shows that there is great destruction in the future but “with the help of God through prayers, together we have the power to prevent the massive destruction. The choice is ours and God and the heavenly beings cannot interfere with our free will.” If people do not wake up and consciously choose a good reality, they will sleepwalk into a bleak and dismal future. Visualize a peaceful world where people live in harmony. Do not put your energy into what you do NOT want (like saying you do not want a nuclear holocaust). We cannot save you from yourselves. Log in to Reply CoJonesGrandes  September 26, 2016 at 6:32 am They do not interfere in domestic issues. Each of you get to choose what you want, and live with your choice. Not choosing is itself a choice. In my dream, I was told “Just do the work. Do not be attached to any outcome. Let the chips fall where they will. It is what it is. Let the people decide what they want. It’s their planet. Free them of the mind control. Tell them what is going on and let them decide” CoJonesGrandes  September 26, 2016 at 2:21 pm The E.L.E. is coming soon. The way out is to choose the spiritual path. You choose by your thoughts, your deeds and your actions. Walk away from the distractions they throw at you. Look to what you want to happen in this world. Be kind, be caring, be loving, be joyful. Make your sphere of influence as positive as you can. Spend more time in nature. The future you get will match your vibration. Visualise a wonderful, peaceful, harmonious world. It all boils down to the individual and his choice. We have done what we can and you will be left with what you choose. Karol Hudson  September 24, 2016 at 3:56 pm “FLUORIDE” used in every large city in the USA ??? How do we eliminate it in thewater we drink ??? Log in to Reply Preston James, Ph.D  September 24, 2016 at 8:52 pm One can eliminate almost all (if not all) fluoride by use of multilevel water filters such as Berkey (sold all over the Internet and in outdoor stores, very highly respected and lab verified) or Zero (sold at Target stores and other stores–comes with an electronic water quality meter, NSF Certified). Some anti-fluoride “purists” use reverse osmosis first and then use additional specialized filters to pull out the fluoride such as the highly respect “Zero” brand sold retail. Reverse osmosis can get a lot of it but not all and that where additional filtering like Zero is useful. And there are some other manufacturers that make filters with this capability. Most others beside Zero sold in dept store are not designed to and cannot take out fluoride because they accept the big lie that fluoride is necessary to form strong teeth and bones (is isn’t and has the opposite effect and slows development in children and lowers their IQs up to 8-12 points as verified in respected recent medical research). The problem is that fluoride is a very small compound molecularly and can easily get through most water filters. tech9494  September 30, 2016 at 10:27 am Unfortunately the shift to chloramine(from chlorine) by many municipal water supplies ruins reverse osmosis filters in a short amount of time. Refer to the salt water aquarium blogs about their efforts to eliminate chloramine. However, chloramine can be neutralized using small amounts of acorbic acid(Vit C). Flouride can be neutralized with small amounts of borax. Berkey filter after that and hope. Google is, on this occaision. your friend. Garrett Derner  October 2, 2016 at 11:47 am About a year ago, I was considering RO filters, but decided distillation is simpler and more reliable. I have not regretted it. I got a US-made distiller from Steam Pure, that seems built to last. The only gotcha is it uses charcoal after-filters (in case there are VOCs) sold only by them. The distilled water tastes quite good after I remineralize it with a pinch of salt. I like to also magnesium chloride (cheap when sold as nigari for tofu making), borax and maybe a few fennel seeds, soaked for a few minutes then strained out. You might also find a spring near you (search at FindASpring.com). Cosmodrome  September 24, 2016 at 5:53 am The other side of the coin is, since there are so many provable conspiracies around, that many/most people are actually “conspiracy denialists”! Log in to Reply Jack Heart  September 24, 2016 at 4:47 am Excellent Dr. James, excellent. I would just remind people that everything that they can do with their technology you can do with your own mind. You very simply have to stop letting them dictate reality to you. There is no reality. It’s the first thing Mr. Duff told me and I have learned just how right, as usual, he was. As they say in Dune “my mind affects my reality.” Theirs too, they are weak, they need machines and those they have picked a fight with do not… Log in to Reply Preston James, Ph.D  September 24, 2016 at 7:10 am Great comment Jack, you know this whole subject so well. And you are right on this. jensingr  September 24, 2016 at 3:34 pm There are approximately 15% of the population that absolutely can not be hypnotized, mind-controlled or otherwise influenced. They know this and it is driving them crazy.. For the rest…there are outside and inside sources that can be utilized to prevent attacks. One has to make a concerted effort to put up barriers because this is the biggest story we should be talking about and thank you for reporting on it here! Morgellons is one of many side effects of the nano-technology they have rolled out in the chemtrails. These microscopic hairlike fibers with diodes on the end are inhaled or burrow through the skin and the immune system tries to force them back out. People can feel them just under the skin.. It’s horrible and this is only one of many ways they have set forth their agenda. nwonowarorders  September 23, 2016 at 6:44 pm Preston that saluting all you write what you’re told would make a great bumper sticker Log in to Reply LC  September 23, 2016 at 6:08 pm George Orwell confirms:::: “In a time of deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act.”   G. Orwell Log in to Reply JS  September 23, 2016 at 3:36 pm Dr James, another key term to check out is “gay bomb”, although it really is more of a general lust bomb. I believe the first mainstream articles about it came out in 2005, and were about supposed Pentagon research in 1994 into spraying pheromones on Iraqi troops. Personally, I think that electronic methods would work better, and that they have been used for some time by contractors. Tesla said every organ and gland in your body could be tickled with its own individual frequency, so we have had many years to develop his ideas.I believe these weapons have been used on “targeted individuals” along with the usual old-fashioned methods, to make them lust after the nearest available person or creature. I wonder how many young, bright politicians have been targeted this way, perhaps even just once, with video, and then blackmailed for the rest of their lives? Log in to Reply Preston James, Ph.D  September 23, 2016 at 4:27 pm Good point JS. They sprayed these hormone soups in certain large cities and then monitored the urine samples at the local labs. The program started in the early 1960’s and has continued even today, although the main thrust now is by manipulating TV and the popular culture to confuse sex roles. Numerous researchers have suspected that the massive use of endocrine disrupters in plastic containers (now present in water in most cities in levels that disrupt normal sex hormone levels in men and women) was not a coincidence and that plastics compounds were developed that would serve this agenda. LC  September 23, 2016 at 6:10 pm BPA was banned by EEC (now EU) in late 1980s if I remember right!!!! Causing impotence was one of the reasons!!!! U.S. has no problems using BPA though!!!! Like bread & butter!!!. Men’s sperm counts are much lower now than 20-30 years back so I heard on radio!!!! BPA coating is also all over store receipt printout paper rolls to make them non-stick.!!! I overheard one guy telling a couple of cashiers to try not to touch receipt printouts cuz BPA enters their skin!!!! I don’t know if that’s been banned in EU!!!! Mollie Norris  September 23, 2016 at 2:03 pm This website links Joseph Mengele (Dr. Greene, AIG CEO Maurice Greenberg, etc) . to both MK-Ultra and satanic child abuse and sacrifice networks in the US. https://isgp-studies.com/2009_11_In_brief_beyond_Dutroux_ties_to_US_CIA It’s my impression that the Third Reich’s access to alien technology during WWII is generally accepted as fact. I know that the technology mentioned is this article is well-verified. In light of the recent Satanic sacrifice of a young Swedish woman at Cern, the opening of measurable EM portals at Cern, Cern’s connection with WWII Nazis and blatantly occult attributes, that the presence of undetectable interdimensional entities may be as significant as those mentioned in this article. In any case, I believe prayer and universal love are our best defense against dark forces. Thank you, Dr. James. Log in to Reply Raven Knight  September 23, 2016 at 1:37 am I really appreciate you continuing to bring this forward. Back in 2001, I found out about this from a friend who told me he knew about the technology being used, and it was similar in the Vietnam war. In Vietnam, I guess from what he said, the enemy drugged you and put in a transistor tooth which served as a microphone and programmer to the subject repeating interrogation type communication. Now technology is so much smaller. Cell phone and “blue tooth technology” are kind of off shoots which are now even dust sized according to many tech articles. The key to this being, how can the foreign objects be identified and extracted? It seems improbable that some implants could ever be extracted. Neutralizing them would be fine. Obviously they have wanted to make it impossible to remove them by both the thought about the implantee as being crazy, and there being little ability then to legitimately identify then then extract or neutralize them. It is criminal and a violation of a person, similar to rape. Please keep us posted on when something is available to neutralize implants. Everyone should own this type of device to neutralize them, especially when they are nano-sized. You can use a degausser according to the “medical ”patents online. However, it is challenging to find a strong enough degausser to neutralize the implants. They are very expensive and hard to obtain. Log in to Reply LC  September 22, 2016 at 8:54 pm Yes Dr. James:::: Its worse that anyone can imagine folks!!!! Much worse. Nano dust ==== Nanobot ==== Smart Dust from chemtrails may be the worst thing ever revealed affecting everyone (without the antidote) !!!! It turns out above radio waves together with cellphone microwaves are used to deprogram & break us down mentally & physically by vibrational programing of the nano dust we breath in (which is spread with chemtrails). A neighbor had his smart-meter removed a while back & replaced with a mechanical old fashion meter. He thinks his mental condition has improved!!!! But he can’t tell if it is from the meter or something else!!!! BTW:::: VT’s William Engdahl was on Coast-2-Coast last night & discussed stuff in his new book like tracing ISIS origins to Obama-Killary & Penta-Con. Same goes for the recent CIA coup in Turkey!!!! Log in to Reply LC  September 23, 2016 at 9:33 pm William Engdahl on RKM genocide COMBOS + US-ZIO-TERRORISTS Creation of ISIS on::: Coast To Coast AM – September 21, 2016 Crypto Phenomena in PA & Global Elite https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wVhpdquzKQ Published on Sep 22, 2016 Coast To Coast AM – September 21, 2016 Crypto Phenomena in PA & Global Elite  n the first half, William Engdahl, who has written on issues of energy, politics and economics for more than 30 years, discussed details of the recent proposed Monsanto/Bayer merger and how a tiny group of global elite are gaining control over the world’s oil, agriculture and currencies. jonnbrown  September 22, 2016 at 8:52 pm Thanks Dr. James for this informative report. Log in to Reply Preston James, Ph.D  September 22, 2016 at 9:01 pm You are very welcome jonnbrown. wjabbe  September 22, 2016 at 7:39 pm While this article goes beyond stun guns are no there questions about them? What Does 50,000 Volts From a Taser Do to Your Brain? BY TIM STELLOH “They were divided into four groups, and five second shocks of 50,000 volts were administered to two of them. The researchers found “statistically significant reductions” in verbal learning and memory; some participants also had trouble concentrating, and they felt overwhelmed and anxious. “Being shocked had a traumatic effect on some participants,” Kane said, according to the statement. “Some were emotionally debilitated by the experience.” The researchers suggest that police departments require officers to wait one hour before issuing someone their Miranda rights after they’ve been tased.” I think there are serious questions about the approval and use of taser guns and all the various possible consequences for different victims. Just because an event is unlikely does not mean it can’t happen. Unlikely events happen every day. But of course the police love these weapons and prosecutors are eager to use likely lies to get them out of charges of murder or more. Log in to Reply wjabbe  September 22, 2016 at 8:05 pm “Disturbing and newly released videos are sparking allegations of police brutality in rural Virginia. They show police in South Boston using a taser multiple times on a man in May 2013. Less than two hours later, 46- year-old Linwood Lambert Jr. was dead. Jeff Pegues reports on how the victim’s family is responding to the videos. More” “Smalls, who said she met with Martin for nearly four hours Monday, said the decision is “heartbreaking.” “It took three years to get exactly where we began on May 4, 2013,” Smalls said. “These officers can walk around the streets after what they did to my brother.” Richmond Commonwealth’s Attorney Michael Herring, who helped Martin with the investigation, was also present at the meeting, Smalls said. Herring also didn’t respond to an email seeking comment Monday.” Of course lying lawyers can always cook up excuses to let the police off the hook. Preston James, Ph.D  September 22, 2016 at 6:45 pm Very good point Steve K. Log in to Reply kaho  September 22, 2016 at 5:13 pm There is a book by Edgar P. Jacobs that came out already in 1956, that describes a severe case of mind control. Any one familiar with it? The title is «La Marque Jaune» in the original French edition, or «The Yellow M» in the English edition. I am mentioning this, because 1956 is quite early, showing that these ideas are not new. In «The Yellow M» the villain is a former Russian colonel named «Olrik», a fascinating character. The book includes a series of excellent drawings, well suited as illustrations of the phenomenon, I should think. The heroes are the British investigators «Blake and Mortimer». ISBN-13: 978-2818704141. www babelio com/livres/Jacobs-Blake-et-Mortimer-tome-6–La-marque-jaune/3350 Log in to Reply Preston James, Ph.D  September 22, 2016 at 6:46 pm Like I have said before VT readers are some of the brightest, best informed folks anywhere. Trakkath  September 22, 2016 at 8:19 pm Maybe they are experimenting since the 1960th with several psychological examination technics together with this mindcontrol weapons. ayelyahbenjamin  September 22, 2016 at 2:51 pm Kerry admits the “parallel universe” he lives in…”Russian Foreign Ministry Maria Zakharova has repudiated the address given by the US Secretary of State at the UN Security Council regarding Syria, calling it a “show for the mass media and millions of people” where “he confessed he is in parallel universe in Syria”; “Commenting on what John Kerry said today regarding Syria, I think that he just confessed that it is he who is living in a ‘parallel universe’,” added Maria Zakharova. … this parallel universe Kerry, in the thick of it and living a false reality that only leads to the destruction of humanity….thats why we are here to step in and stop it Read more: https://sputniknews.com/middleeast/20160922/1045581266/syria-ceasefire-humanitarian-convoy.html Log in to Reply ayelyahbenjamin  September 22, 2016 at 3:20 pm so let’s get this show on the road shall we? Trakkath  September 22, 2016 at 2:40 pm Great article, Dr. James. Perhaps you should also give the sources for help against those attacks so people can further research for themselves. Log in to Reply Preston James, Ph.D  September 22, 2016 at 9:02 pm I avoid making specific recommendation because I do not know enough about the groups which claim to provide help. My best suggestion is to do a lot of web research and discover the self-help groups that have organized, especially those near where they reside. Then come to your own conclusions about what you try. You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT Latest Top 10 Comments The rise against government corruption in South Korea Un-Trump the World Syrian War Report – November 18, 2016: Govt Forces Storming Eastern Aleppo Russian spokeswoman says Jews behind Trump win NEO – Will US Hit the Reset Button with Russia? Should the military overthrow Trump? Armenian President: Russia’s Iskander missile systems in Armenia to maintain balance in region Trump Election Spurs Hate Crime Wave with 400 Racist Incidents FF2P – False Flags 2 Protect American interests in the Mideast replaces R2P? Trump’s “isolationism” vs. Deep State Possible Scenarios of the Conflict in Syria Meet the Jews in Donald Trump’s inner circle Today in Trumpland, Life on the other side of the mirror Russian Pantsir-S air defense systems go to Kuweires airbase near Aleppo City Judge orders CIA, FBI & NSA to disclose whether they spied on Occupy Philadelphia protests – report Russia’s Economy Minister detained for corruption Never Lose HOPE in Dealing with your Fears and Anxieties Professor Stephen Cohen: The Zionist media gets it completely wrong about Russia and Vladimir Putin Syrian War Report – November 16, 2016: Russia Launch Air Raids and Missile Strikes on Terrorists Netanyahu: Trump is ‘a true friend’ of Israel Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network (101489) Yes, the election WAS stolen – so who “sent” Trump? (16570) Time to take down the flag as most Americans surrender to a foreign backed coup (16134) Breaking/Exclusive: The New 9/11, Information In, Israel Rigs an Election (updating) (13297) Qatari princess having sex with seven men (10816) Disclosure: Hillary Campaign Knew Trump Aided by Intel Agencies (9505) Will the Powers That Be assassinate Donald Trump? (8390) Confirmation: British Pegida leader is an Israeli op (8314) Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab (7411) Meet the Jews in Donald Trump’s inner circle (7064) NotAVeteran2: A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” Amelius: NEO – Will US Hit the Reset Button with Russia? Leno: NEO – Will US Hit the Reset Button with Russia? JohnZ: Should the military overthrow Trump? JohnZ: NEO – Will US Hit the Reset Button with Russia? Ariana: SouthFront: Turkey Seizing More Syrian Territory while Russian Fleet Readies for Attack methuselah: FF2P – False Flags 2 Protect American interests in the Mideast replaces R2P? a1abhi: NATO expansion into Eastern Europe underway Khalid Talaat: Should the military overthrow Trump? Khalid Talaat: Should the military overthrow Trump? VT Readers Poll Should USA break up into (2) separate countries, one Whites Only and other Everyone Else? Yes No Not Sure View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Featured Columnists Allen L Roland, PhD Bob Nichols Brig Asif H. Raja David Swanson Dr. Ashraf Ezzat Ed Mattson Gilad Atzmon Gordon Duff, Seni.. Ian Greenhalgh Jack Heart Jack Speer-Williams Jane Rosenstein Jim W. Dean, Mana.. Johnny Punish Jonas E. Alexis Kadir A. Mohmand Katherine Frisk Kevin Barrett Michael Shrimpton Muhammed Ali Carter Paul Fitzgerald Press TV Preston James, Ph.D Richard Edmondson Sami Jamil Jadallah South Front Stuart Littlewood World News Tommor.. Personal Finance View all Your holiday shopping style may be a generation thing Your holiday shopping style may be a generation thing Google and Facebook Take Aim at Fake-News Sites Financial Conversations You Should Have During the Holidays It’s All Bullish in the End as Stocks Post Best Week Since 2014 We Should Take Our Cues From the Market — Not Politicians National News View all Webinar – Job Accommodations: Putting Veterans with Disabilities to Work Webinar – Job Accommodations: Putting Veterans with Disabilities to Work Dear President Trump: Just Say No to the Neocons Research Reveals Large Number of Veterans Hold State-Level Offices Military veterans, federal agents join forces to fight child predators The Case For Trey Gowdy As US Attorney General VA Home Loans View all Mortgage Rates Rise to Near Pre-Brexit Levels Mortgage Rates Rise to Near Pre-Brexit Levels How Can A Little Strategy Help You Win Big Eight Reasons to Invest in the Forex Market 7 guidelines on how to finance small business Veteran Affairs Renews Contract with Black Knight Career News View all ‘Salute to Veterans 5K’ about more than running ‘Salute to Veterans 5K’ about more than running Aircraft Service International Group Joins HireVeterans.com! Utica College Joins HireVeterans.com! How Riverside County reached ‘functional zero’ veteran homelessness Service and Sacrifice: Former State Legislator Leads Program to help Maine Veterans Network News View all Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT VOTE: Message from VT General Manager John Allen James Hall – Former Political Operative Joins VNN Sherwood Ross: Award-Winning Reporter Joins Veterans Today Writers Staff Rag Radio host Thorne Dreyer Joins VT Radio VT LIVE Radio TV Video Media   Listen Live TCK Radio: Dr. Tenpenny “Global Forced Vaccines; Conspiracy Or Reality? WTF: Taking A Dump For Trump! TCK Radio: Patrick Wood “Technocracy Rising: It’s a GREEN World” Short End Of The Stick with Mike Harris: Dr. Preston James is the guest Short End Of The Stick with Mike Harris: John Denugent and Kevin Barrett TCK Radio: Josh Tolley “Post Election Prognosis, Putin & Preparedness” TOP 50 READ ARTICLES THIS MONTH Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network Breaking/Exclusive: Comey Lied: FBI “Synced” Weiner Laptop Under Misused Terror Warrant – Updated “Lock Him Up” Trump Faces Possible Jail for Insurance Fraud Breaking/Exclusive: The New 9/11, Information In, Israel Rigs an Election (updating) The City of London’s ReColonization of America The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) Rodrigo Duterte: I am officially through with the New World Order BREAKING: Comey Admits to Fabricating Email Investigation, Rigging Election in FBI Secret Memo Qatari princess having sex with seven men Yes, the election WAS stolen – so who “sent” Trump? VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble Time to take down the flag as most Americans surrender to a foreign backed coup Why the Red Poppy Holds Valuable Symbolism for War Veterans We “conspiracy theorists” won – so why aren’t I celebrating? Wikileaks Tracked to Haifa, Trump’s Real Campaign Headquarters and more, much more Israel makes ‘Hail Mary’ move to influence US election – FBI commit treason? Vladimir Putin Is Morally and Intellectually Destroying the New World Order LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog II Top 10 reasons to be a holocaust denier New World Order, Weiner and Revelation Trump is the Anti-Obama, Just Like Obama Was the Anti-Bush (But It’s All a Con Game) Disclosure: Beyond the Burning the FBI, VT Breaks New Ground(part IV) FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog I Tying it together, Wikileaks, the FBI and the Mob Part V Disclosure: Hillary Campaign Knew Trump Aided by Intel Agencies 1933: Trump Elected Chancellor Russia petrifies the New World Order and its agents—again Rape and Sex in German Cities After World War II Revisited (Part II) FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election: part 2 Will the Powers That Be assassinate Donald Trump? Admiral Kuznetsov Carrier Group Saved Syria From US Cruise Missile Strikes Confirmation: British Pegida leader is an Israeli op Press TV: Duff Buries the Trump/ISIS Lie Machine Loser of the Day: Porn Star Turns Down $10k Trump Offer Vladimir Putin to George Soros: Thank God we kicked you out of Russia Looks like Hillary will be Trumped Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab Power, Pedophilia and the US Government The Fall of the Saudis, the Battle after ISIS Assad: New World Order agents (like John Kerry) have no political or intellectual teeth Meet the Jews in Donald Trump’s inner circle Russia wins the Syrian war; New World Order agents are becoming obsolete American Nightmare: Tyranny Under the FBI, an American Reality (Part III) October Boomerang COINTELPRO II: The FBI Informant Army and Donald Trump VI (updated) The New World Order is melting in the heat of its own contradiction On Trump and the Jews ISIS Takes Out M1A Abrams Tank with American TOW Missile (video) “Wikileaks is the Mossad, Stupid, Not the Russians, We are playing them like a fiddle…” Assange (sort of) Facebook Friend Us Twitter Follow Us Google+ Circle Us RSS Site Feed About Us Veterans Today (VT) is an independent online journal representing the positions and providing news for members of the military and veteran community in areas of national security, geopolitical stability and domestic policy. All writers are fully independent and represent their own point of view and not necessarily the point of view of any other writer, administrator or entity. Quick Links VT Live Radio & Video Download Apps Email Newsletter Advertise Contact Us Help Desk Search Archives Search Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 Search Veterans Today Network VETERANS TODAY NETWORK: National News | Foreign Affairs | Net Radio | Veterans Jobs | Career News | VA Home Loans | Money | Forums | Veteran Owned Businesses (VOSB) | Partners: USS Liberty | Rense.com | Log in  - Powered By Veterans Today Network
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global PCle SSD Market to Grow 33.24% by 2020 - Increase in Demand for Cloud-Based Data Centers - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets Sep 22, 2016, 15:10 ET Share this article DUBLIN, September 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global PCle SSD Market 2016-2020" report to their offering. The report forecast the global peripheral component interconnect express (PCIe) SSD market to grow at a CAGR of 33.24% during the period 2016-2020. One of the key trends for market growth will be rise in investments in emerging memory technology. The 3D NAND flash memory market is a new market where manufacturers are investing a lot of capital. Some companies such as Samsung, Micron, and Intel have already invested to extend their product portfolios. Toshiba, in collaboration with SanDisk, is investing huge funds to develop 3D NAND. Samsung, SanDisk, and Toshiba, and Intel and Micron are likely to invest more than $18 billion in the manufacturing of 3D NAND during the forecast period. Intel has plans to invest up to $5.5 billion to manufacture flash memory in its China-based memory chip plant during the forecast period. Hence, increasing investments in 3D NAND technology will boost the global PCIe SSD market during the forecast period. According to the report, need for managed service data centers will be a key driver for market growth. It is advantageous for an enterprise to operate a colocation facility rather than to build a data center. Data center colocation allows enterprises to rent computing storage, servers, and network. It enables minimal utilization of power and bandwidth and enhances the security of enterprise IT equipment. Further, the report states that the lack of availability of constant low latency is a major challenge. Write latency can be masked with write-back caching. However, read latency cannot be hidden. SSD latencies are usually for a couple of hundred microseconds. In certain cases, when access is interrupted by the device's internal tasks, SSD's latency can exceed tens of milliseconds or even to a few seconds. The situation is further complicated by the lack of coordination across an array of devices. This results in unpredictable performance of I/Os due to uncoordinated internal tasks. Key vendors: Intel Micron Samsung Seagate Western Digital Toshiba Key Topics Covered: PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Market research methodology PART 04: Introduction PART 05: Comparison between HDDs and SSDs PART 06: Memory technology landscape PART 07: Market landscape PART 08: Geographical segmentation PART 09: Market drivers PART 10: Impact of drivers PART 11: Market challenges PART 12: Impact of drivers and challenges PART 13: Market trends PART 14: Vendor landscape PART 15: Market snapshot PART 16: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/vrsk6p/global_pcle_ssd Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-pcle-ssd-market-to-grow-3324-by-2020---increase-in-demand-for-cloud-based-data-centers---research-and-markets-300332762.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 07:10 ETGlobal Influenza Drugs Price Analysis and Strategies Report 2016:... 07:10 ETResearch and Markets - India Smart Street Lighting Market... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global PCle SSD Market to Grow 33.24% by 2020 - Increase in Demand for Cloud-Based Data Centers - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets Sep 22, 2016, 15:10 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Global PCle SSD Market to Grow 33.24% by 2020 - Increase in Demand for Cloud-Based Data Centers - Research and Markets 22.09.2016 | 21:12 (4 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Global PCle SSD Market to Grow 33.24% by 2020 - Increase in Demand for Cloud-Based Data Centers - Research and Markets DUBLIN, September 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global PCle SSD Market 2016-2020" report to their offering. The report forecast the global peripheral component interconnect express (PCIe) SSD market to grow at a CAGR of 33.24% during the period 2016-2020. One of the key trends for market growth will be rise in investments in emerging memory technology. The 3D NAND flash memory market is a new market where manufacturers are investing a lot of capital. Some companies such as Samsung, Micron, and Intel have already invested to extend their product portfolios. Toshiba, in collaboration with SanDisk, is investing huge funds to develop 3D NAND. Samsung, SanDisk, and Toshiba, and Intel and Micron are likely to invest more than $18 billion in the manufacturing of 3D NAND during the forecast period. Intel has plans to invest up to $5.5 billion to manufacture flash memory in its China-based memory chip plant during the forecast period. Hence, increasing investments in 3D NAND technology will boost the global PCIe SSD market during the forecast period. According to the report, need for managed service data centers will be a key driver for market growth. It is advantageous for an enterprise to operate a colocation facility rather than to build a data center. Data center colocation allows enterprises to rent computing storage, servers, and network. It enables minimal utilization of power and bandwidth and enhances the security of enterprise IT equipment. Further, the report states that the lack of availability of constant low latency is a major challenge. Write latency can be masked with write-back caching. However, read latency cannot be hidden. SSD latencies are usually for a couple of hundred microseconds. In certain cases, when access is interrupted by the device's internal tasks, SSD's latency can exceed tens of milliseconds or even to a few seconds. The situation is further complicated by the lack of coordination across an array of devices. This results in unpredictable performance of I/Os due to uncoordinated internal tasks. Key vendors: Intel Micron Samsung Seagate Western Digital Toshiba Key Topics Covered: PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Market research methodology PART 04: Introduction PART 05: Comparison between HDDs and SSDs PART 06: Memory technology landscape PART 07: Market landscape PART 08: Geographical segmentation PART 09: Market drivers PART 10: Impact of drivers PART 11: Market challenges PART 12: Impact of drivers and challenges PART 13: Market trends PART 14: Vendor landscape PART 15: Market snapshot PART 16: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/vrsk6p/global_pcle_ssd Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Computer Electronics | Publishing & Information Services | Surveys, Polls and Research Global PCle SSD Market to Grow 33.24% by 2020 - Increase in Demand for Cloud-Based Data Centers - Research and Markets Download image DUBLIN, September 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global PCle SSD Market 2016-2020" report to their offering. The report forecast the global peripheral component interconnect express (PCIe) SSD market to grow at a CAGR of 33.24% during the period 2016-2020. One of the key trends for market growth will be rise in investments in emerging memory technology. The 3D NAND flash memory market is a new market where manufacturers are investing a lot of capital. Some companies such as Samsung, Micron, and Intel have already invested to extend their product portfolios. Toshiba, in collaboration with SanDisk, is investing huge funds to develop 3D NAND. Samsung, SanDisk, and Toshiba, and Intel and Micron are likely to invest more than $18 billion in the manufacturing of 3D NAND during the forecast period. Intel has plans to invest up to $5.5 billion to manufacture flash memory in its China-based memory chip plant during the forecast period. Hence, increasing investments in 3D NAND technology will boost the global PCIe SSD market during the forecast period. According to the report, need for managed service data centers will be a key driver for market growth. It is advantageous for an enterprise to operate a colocation facility rather than to build a data center. Data center colocation allows enterprises to rent computing storage, servers, and network. It enables minimal utilization of power and bandwidth and enhances the security of enterprise IT equipment. Further, the report states that the lack of availability of constant low latency is a major challenge. Write latency can be masked with write-back caching. However, read latency cannot be hidden. SSD latencies are usually for a couple of hundred microseconds. In certain cases, when access is interrupted by the device's internal tasks, SSD's latency can exceed tens of milliseconds or even to a few seconds. The situation is further complicated by the lack of coordination across an array of devices. This results in unpredictable performance of I/Os due to uncoordinated internal tasks. Key vendors: Intel Micron Samsung Seagate Western Digital Toshiba Key Topics Covered: PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Market research methodology PART 04: Introduction PART 05: Comparison between HDDs and SSDs PART 06: Memory technology landscape PART 07: Market landscape PART 08: Geographical segmentation PART 09: Market drivers PART 10: Impact of drivers PART 11: Market challenges PART 12: Impact of drivers and challenges PART 13: Market trends PART 14: Vendor landscape PART 15: Market snapshot PART 16: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/vrsk6p/global_pcle_ssd Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   SOURCE Research and Markets RELATED LINKS http://www.researchandmarkets.com More by this Source Research and Markets - India Smart Street Lighting Market 2016-2022: Key Players are GE Lighting, Philips Lighting, Acuity Brands, Osram Licht AG 12:10 GMT Global Neuroblastoma Drugs Price Analysis and Strategies Report 2016: How the Price Advanced from 2012 and Forecast to 2021 - Research and Markets 12:10 GMT Global Influenza Drugs Price Analysis and Strategies Report 2016: How the Price Advanced from 2012 and Forecast to 2021 - Research and Markets 12:10 GMT View all news by Research and Markets Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Computer Electronics News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corp. Likely to Adopt ARM Architecture for Future Smartphone Processors An Intel exec strongly hints at this in a recently published interview. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 22, 2016 at 1:30PM Image source: Intel.  A little while back, microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) made public that it had cancelled its SoFIA family of processors for low-end and mid-range smartphones and Broxton for high-end smartphones. When this news broke, it seemed to me that the chip giant had all but canned its plans to compete in the smartphone applications processor market. However, at a recent investor conference, Intel exec Brice Hill hinted that the company may try its hand at the mobile applications processor market. Then, in a recent interview with IDG News Service, Intel's Murthy Renduchintala flat-out said the cancellation of the SoFIA/Broxton projects doesn't imply that Intel is "no longer doing mobile platforms." He even went on to say that, going forward, Intel's goal with respect to mobile platforms is to "talk less and do more." So, it's quite clear that Intel plans to reenter the market for mobile applications processors. However, buried in the interview, Murthy strongly hinted that any future smartphone processors from Intel would be based on ARM processors, rather than Intel's own Atom processors. ARM is the established architecture in mobile During the interview, IDG News Service asked Murthy if the company would be "open to the idea of taking an ARM CPU license." Murthy's response was "yes." He further went on to explain that "there are many areas in the ARM ecosystem where Intel can pragmatically play in for its own benefit," and that he is a "big believer in paying respect to established ecosystems." Remember that in the mobile processor market, the ARM architecture is the established standard with overwhelmingly dominant market share. Intel tried to capture some share with processors based on its Atom processor cores (these cores implement Intel's own X86 instruction set architecture), but those efforts clearly failed. Although I don't blame the X86 architecture for that failure, I do believe Intel's Atom processor designs were not competitive with what ARM's processor designs (which can be licensed by mobile chip manufacturers) had to offer in terms of performance/power/area. I get the sense that Murthy recognizes that the easiest and safest way to reenter the mobile processor market (and actually succeed in it) is to rely on as many third-party technologies as possible. An interesting longer-term opportunity It is by no means guaranteed that just because Intel reenters the smartphone processor market, it will actually be successful. Intel's execution over the last several years in the mobile processor market was nothing less than atrocious, and the venture ultimately wound up costing shareholders a lot of money. However, if Intel can manage to become a credible player in this market, then the revenue and potential unit volume opportunity here could be quite attractive. Each year, more than a billion smartphones are sold, and if Intel can, over time, capture a low double-digit percentage of that market, then that could ultimately mean several billion dollars in incremental revenue and a positive contribution to operating profit. I look forward to seeing how this "mobile reset" ultimately plays out for the chip maker, though I would urge both current and potential investors to not make any investment decisions with respect to Intel stock based on such efforts at this time. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 22, 2016 at 1:30PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.81 down $0.21 (-0.60%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Intel Corporation's Internet of Things Business Delivers Strong Growth Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWAs Low As $9.99 per year! Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Find subscriber exclusive deals, events, manage your account and more.Insider View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 67 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Sponsor Story: Intel key initiatives embrace mentorship, diversity, community needs Intel key initiatives embrace mentorship, diversity, community needs Post to Facebook Intel key initiatives embrace mentorship, diversity, community needs Intel key initiatives embrace mentorship, diversity, community needs  Check out this story on azcentral.com: http://azc.cc/2cBbSnj {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Story from Intel key initiatives embrace mentorship, diversity, community needs Brian Sodoma, for Intel 1:55 p.m. MST September 20, 2016 Story provided and presented by Intel This story is provided and presented by our sponsor FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Sponsor Gallery: Intel Involved Arizona  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. In 2015, Intel employees, the Intel Foundation and Intel Corp, collectively donated $10.5 million in grants and in-kind gifts to Arizona schools, universities and nonprofits.  Intel Fullscreen 5,000 employees volunteered more than 161,000 hours at schools and other community organizations.  Intel Fullscreen Diversity and mentorship are a natural part of the Intel culture, and programs like Girls Who Code and PLTW are instrumental for those with ambitions to work in engineering or technology.  Intel Fullscreen Intel has a number of key initiatives in the state, including PC Pals, Project Lead the Way and Girls Who Code.  Intel Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 4 2 of 4 3 of 4 4 of 4 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide In 2015, Intel employees, the Intel Foundation and Intel Corp, collectively donated $10.5 million in grants and in-kind gifts to Arizona schools, universities and nonprofits. In addition, about 5,000 employees volunteered more than 161,000 hours at schools and other community organizations. Through those volunteer efforts, the company’s Intel Involved Matching Grant Program (IIMGP) contributed an additional $1.2 million in direct funds to those very schools and nonprofits where the company’s volunteers served. “The Intel Involved Matching Grant Program is truly unique. Not only do students, teachers and nonprofit staff benefit from the mentorship and technical expertise of our employees but those organizations also get a direct financial benefit. The Intel Foundation pays $10 for every volunteer hour to these community programs,” explained Intel Arizona’s Director of Public Affairs, Carlos Contreras. With Intel generously donating millions in volunteerism and hard dollars to its communities, here’s a look at the key initiatives that drive the company’s philanthropy in Arizona. Education, Mentoring Opportunities Many large corporations have strong giving programs, but what separates Intel from the pack is the company’s belief in that critical facetime its employees enjoy with K-12 students. Every day in Arizona, Intel volunteers are in the community assisting, overseeing and directly instructing STEM (Science Technology Engineering Math)-related workshops, classes and projects in schools and nonprofit agencies. These critical mentoring opportunities allow students to see how the science and technology skills they learn in school directly translate to real world jobs and products. And more importantly, provide a human voice and role model for what sometimes can be viewed as an “abstract” career. It’s a critical connection that could drive future STEM career pursuits for today’s youth. A few powerful local mentorship examples include: PC Pals: Intel volunteers engage via email with Fourth through 12th graders at select schools in the Kyrene School District. These email pen-pal situations allow students to gain access to the knowledge of actual engineers working on tomorrow’s big discoveries. The twice weekly email exchanges cover topics determined by the teacher and augment classroom activities. Video Mentorship: In partnership with the Maricopa County Education Service Agency (MCESA), Intel employees use live streaming video to engage with classroom students, help with projects, support instruction and even guest speak about real-life problem-solving, technology and applications seen in the STEM world today. Project Lead the Way: Thanks to a $140,000 Intel Foundation Grant, STEM curriculum is now offered from grades K through 12 in several feeder schools at Chandler Unified School District (CUSD). The district has had Project Lead The Way (PLTW) curriculum in place for grades six through 12 for the past five years, but was looking for a financial partner to help bring the instruction down to the elementary school levels as well. Intel employees will also serve as mentors in classes during instruction times. “These are just a few examples of what we’re doing. Our youth is the next generation of innovators, so it’s very important for them to meet and learn from today’s innovators,” added Intel Public Affairs Manager, Patricia Oliverio-Lauderdale. Diversity and Inclusion In 2015 Intel set an ambitious hiring goal to be the first technology company to reach full representation of women and underrepresented minorities in its workforce by 2020. Intel also recognizes that in order to achieve this goal, it’s critical to invest in education and outreach to help better prepare these groups for the knowledge economy. A few examples include: Girls Who Code: A fall program run by Intel at the downtown Chandler Public Library location, Girls Who Code is a project-based program targeting sixth through eighth grade girls to expose them to the fundamentals of computer programming and coding. Participants start by learning how to create basic games, then a more advanced final project of their own over the course of nearly six months of weekly instruction. Hermanas: Hermanas is an annual conference held in February by the Maricopa Community Colleges to support access to STEM careers for Latinas. Intel is an active player in the annual event and also facilitated the formation of the Latina Outreach Working Group within Intel’s Latino Network employee group structure. Si Se Puede Foundation: Intel volunteers are encouraged to get involved and offer expertise to this community organization that offers recreational, educational and access to STEM opportunities for low-income populations, minorities and disadvantaged women. Intel volunteers often serve as instructors and mentors for its unique robotics program. Addressing Specific Community Needs Diversity and mentorship are a natural part of the Intel culture, and programs like Girls Who Code and PLTW are instrumental for those with ambitions to work in engineering or technology. But while these efforts address national issues and concerns, they also reflect Intel’s drive to learn about the communities it serves to pinpoint specific needs. “It’s our policy to reach out and listen. Listen closely to stakeholders and the public, keep those communication lines open, and really learn what the specific needs of that community are before implementing programs. That way what we offer is truly what that community needs,” Contreras added. For more information about Intel Involved, click here. Story from: Intel Members of the editorial and news staff of the USA TODAY Network were not involved in the creation of this content. 67 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2cBbSnj Intel Intel's pro bono legal clinic helps Arizonans battling financial hardships Nov 14, 2016 More Stories from Intel Camp gives Chandler junior high girls a fresh look at STEM opportunities Sponsor story Intel offers Jedi mentors, funding to invite youth into STEM dialogue Sponsor story Intel-sponsored program shows Latinas STEM career possibilities Sponsor story Foundation connects at-risk youth to STEM possibilities Sponsor story
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,277 Reviews & Articles | 52,950 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home Reviews Motherboards Socket LGA 1150/1151 GIGABYTE X150M-PRO ECC Xeon Motherboard Review GIGABYTE's X150M-PRO ECC motherboard goes under the spotlight. If you need DDR4 ECC and Xeon processor support at a good price, take a look. By: Steven Bassiri | Socket LGA 1150/1151 in Motherboards | Posted: Sep 22, 2016 4:44 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA TweakTown Rating: 89%Manufacturer: GIGABYTE Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 2 [Packaging and X150M-PRO ECC Overview] Page 3 [GIGABYTE X150M-Pro ECC Circuit Analysis] Page 4 [GIGABYTE X150M-PRO ECC Circuit Analysis Continued] Page 5 [BIOS and Software] Page 6 [Test System Setup and ECC Memory] Page 7 [CPU, Memory, and System Benchmarks] Page 8 [System IO Benchmarks] Page 9 [Thermal Imaging and Power Consumption] Page 10 [What's Hot, What's Not & Final Thoughts] Introduction     The Intel C232 chipset is a mid-range workstation-class platform controller hub aimed at business and workstation users who want to use an Intel Skylake based Xeon CPU. Along with Intel's 6th Generation Core lineup comes the Intel Xeon E3-1200 v5 family of processors, which are just Xeon variants of their Core counterparts. The benefit to using a Xeon, over the fact that they should last longer, is that they offer ECC and vPro support. These reasons make the Xeon more preferable in critical workstation and business scenarios, where memory errors cause problems and secure remote access is important.     The X150M-PRO ECC is one of GIGABYTE's C232 chipset-based motherboards. It does carry the desert camouflage theme, which shouldn't matter much, considering workstation users might not care much about aesthetics. The motherboard does bring the basic feature-set that comes with the C232 chipset and offers full Xeon and ECC memory support.   Let's take a look at this little workstation motherboard.     Specifications     The GIGABYTE X150M-Pro ECC supports E3-1200 v5 series processors, four DIMMs of ECC memory, 1Gbit Intel NIC, 2-Way CrossFireX technology, M.2, SATA Express, 6x SATA 6Gb/s, and 6x USB 3.0 ports just to name a few of the features.     Pricing   The X150M-PRO ECC is available from many large retailers for roughly $139.99. Next Page Shopping Information PRICING: You can find the GIGABYTE X150M-PRO ECC Xeon Motherboard for sale below. The prices listed are valid at the time of writing, but can change at any time. Click the link below to see real-time pricing for the best deal:   United States: The GIGABYTE X150M-PRO ECC Xeon Motherboard retails for $119 at Amazon. United Kingdom: The GIGABYTE X150M-PRO ECC Xeon Motherboard retails for £87 at Amazon UK. Canada: The GIGABYTE X150M-PRO ECC Xeon Motherboard retails for $286 CAD at Amazon Canada. Content Page Summary Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 2 [Packaging and X150M-PRO ECC Overview] Page 3 [GIGABYTE X150M-Pro ECC Circuit Analysis] Page 4 [GIGABYTE X150M-PRO ECC Circuit Analysis Continued] Page 5 [BIOS and Software] Page 6 [Test System Setup and ECC Memory] Page 7 [CPU, Memory, and System Benchmarks] Page 8 [System IO Benchmarks] Page 9 [Thermal Imaging and Power Consumption] Page 10 [What's Hot, What's Not & Final Thoughts] Recommended for You GIGABYTE Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review GIGABYTE Z170X-Ultra Gaming Motherboard Review Supermicro SuperO C7Z170-M (Intel Z170) Motherboard... ASRock Z170M OC Formula (Intel Z170) Motherboard Review... Right of Reply We at TweakTown openly invite the companies who provide us with review samples / who are mentioned or discussed to express their opinion of our content. If any company representative wishes to respond, we will publish the response here. Related Tags GIGABYTE Intel C232 Skylake ECC DDR4 ECC motherboard DDR4 Socket 1151 Xeon Got an opinion on this content? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Red Dead Redemption 2 has 'incredible emotional depth' Nintendo Europe Tweet special 3DS Badge Academy app deal Oculus Rift headsets will now work on lower-end PCs Nintendo Switch to get full HD Pokemon Sun and Moon port System Shock remake has been delayed until 2018View More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity gigabyte z170x gaming 7 rev 1.0 ram F4-3000C15D-16GTZproblem with bios f20d ASUS R510V laptop freezes and ventilator sounds D-Link DCS-2530L Wide Angle 1080p Wi-Fi IP Camera Review BIOS downgrade on Gigabyte card GA-Z170X-GAMING 3 EU Z87 extreme9/ac Bios requestView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Next Page

Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Intel Micron Xpoint Data Centre Intel XPoint over-selling criticism surges as Chipzilla hits back 'We stand by our figures' says defiant company mouthpiece Moby XPoint Dick 22 Sep 2016 at 16:37, Chris Mellor Chris Mellor Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Emc, Netapp, Seagate, Hp, Dell Recent Articles Want to use 3D XPoint DIMMs with Intel Purley Xeons? Wait a couple of years for second-gen Small fry Scale offers single-node HCI boxen for the ROBO crowd Data management services have to get proactive – Acronis You might have noticed that El Reg has suggested Intel and Micron’s non-volatile XPoint memory claims are a tad overblown – for example here and here. Now Charlie Demerjian is giving Intel a good kicking in SemiAccurate, alleging the original claims were inaccurate and that “Intel’s Xpoint is pretty much broken”. For example, his text says that the original promises stated XPoint would be “1000x faster than NAND, 1000x the endurance of NAND, and 10x denser than conventional memory.” What’s now clear to him, he says, is that after IDF2015 and IDF2016 “the claimed 1000x faster is now ummm, 10x faster, a mere 100x difference.” As he quips: "What is two orders of magnitude between friends? “ As for the original 100x endurance advantage, Intel is now saying 3x, a 33.33x reduction. Concerning density he writes: “They claimed 10x the density of DRAM, it is now 4x or a 2.5x decrease.” Demerjian adds: “Wait until you hear what they are telling people behind closed doors. SemiAccurate has talked to multiple sources over the past few months, all of which heard the same story from Intel. And yes it gets worse.” Of course, Demerjian is looking for subscriptions and further analysis is only available to subscribers at $1,000/year. Screeching about how Moby XPoint, the great white non-volatile memory whale, is broken and sticking one of his harpoons into it is a good way to get a few more of them. Intel viewpoint An Intel spokesperson said: "Intel is fully committed to bringing Intel Optane technology products to market, and those products continue to move through the development process towards availability later this year and in early 2017. Intel Optane products are healthy and on track to unleash vast system performance potential in a range of products, with Intel SSDs first to come to market." "Intel Optane technology is a new class of memory that is a unique combination of Intel’s advanced system memory controller, interface hardware and software IP with 3D XPoint memory media." "We stand by the performance figures we have shared publicly to date for both Intel Optane SSDs, pre-production and prototype versions, as well as 3D XPoint memory media. System level performance is determined by the full collection of components, with media being only one of these components. We are seeing great improvements over NAND-based SSDs – up to 10x throughput and 4x latency reductions – in prototype SSD hardware. Intel Optane technology-based SSDs will be Intel’s highest performance and endurance SSDs when they come to market. We will disclose final product performance and specifications at the products’ launch in coming months.” El Reg notes this sentence in particular: "System level performance is determined by the full collection of components, with media being only one of these components." We might say that the original XPoint claims referred to raw media comparisons and not system-level performance, a point not made clear in the original XPoint performance, density and endurance claims. ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 14 Comments More from The Register WD flashes first SanDisk drives: Blue and Green Applies disk-drive style branding to SanDy-driven SSDs 8 Comments WD gives My Passport spinning rust drives a lick of paint Colourless My Passport for Mac and My Book drives are boring black only 25 Comments WD: Resistance is not futile Analysis SanDisk ReRAM becomes WD's XPoint competitor 7 Comments Samsung NAND flashes its hot measurements: 64L 4G 3D 2C by EY Silicon enhanced, too WD gets flash boom bang from SanDisk swallow +Comment Storage stalwart flashes past lumbering Seagate 2 Comments Midi-archive box from WD stops at 19PB On-premises S3-accessed object store 6 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Speaking in Tech: The votes are in – and the Podcast Idol winner is... Forget razors and blades, APIs are the new gotcha Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency HPE and SimpliVity may be at church door Speaking in Tech: Let's make podcasting great again Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: Did you know that you can get Phoronix Premium for under $3 per month? Try it today to view our site ad-free, multi-page articles on a single page, and more while the proceeds allow us to write more Linux hardware reviews. Intel's FastUIDraw Is Very Promising For Fast, GPU-Accelerated Drawing Written by Michael Larabel in Intel on 22 September 2016 at 09:30 AM EDT. 25 Comments Intel Open-Source Technology Center developer Kevin Rogovin just finished presenting at this year's XDC2016 conference in Helsinki. Rogovin presented on the promising 01.org project FastUIDraw. We previously talked about FastUIDraw earlier this month on Phoronix, in case you missed it: Intel Has Been Working On A Fast 2D GPU Renderer Focused On Web Content. Early numbers on FastUIDraw put it much faster than Cairo CPU/OpenGL/Xlib renderers, Qt with its different back-ends, and even the Skia OpenGL layer. The numbers are super promising, but it remains to be seen how far the FastUIDraw adoption will go by open-source projects, with right now it not being really committed to adoption by any major upstream projects wanting super-fast 2D on the Linux desktop. Unfortunately the slides for this FastUIDraw presentation have yet to be uploaded, but you can find the presentation summary via the X.Org Wiki. You can watch the presentation via the X.Org YouTube stream. Hopefully we'll continue hearing more about FastUIDraw in the months ahead. 25 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Intel News Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Color Compression Support For Skylake Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Ubuntu vs. Fedora vs. openSUSE vs. Clear Linux On Intel Kabylake Turbo Boost Max 3.0 Patches Updated, Now On By Default For Multi-Socket Systems Intel Stages More DRM Driver Changes For Linux 4.10 The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) GNOME 3.22.2 Released Latest Linux News Feral Joins The Bandwagon Of Wanting Newer Mesa On Ubuntu New X.Org Driver Updates Roll Out For Xorg-Server 1.19 Support When Trying Out Tumbleweed, It's Easy To See Why OpenSUSE Leap Disabled Nouveau Raspberry Pi's VC4 Driver Picks Up ETC1, Fragment Shader Threading In Linux 4.10 LLVM's LLD Linker Looking At Enabling Multi-Threading By Default Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Color Compression Support For Skylake Vulkan Support On Mir Still May Be Months Away Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams Firefox 51 To Enable WebGL 2 By Default, FLAC Audio, Skia Content Rendering On Linux Latest Featured Articles RadeonSI Benchmarks On Budgie, GNOME Shell, KDE Plasma 5, LXDE, MATE, Unity, Xfce GCC 6.2 vs. Clang 3.9 Compiler Performance On Clear Linux With Intel Kaby Lake AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
null
null
null
null
null
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: Did you know that you can get Phoronix Premium for under $3 per month? Try it today to view our site ad-free, multi-page articles on a single page, and more while the proceeds allow us to write more Linux hardware reviews. Lenovo N21 Chromebook Now Has Mainline Coreboot Support Written by Michael Larabel in Coreboot on 22 September 2016 at 07:05 AM EDT. 3 Comments The Lenovo N21 Chromebook is now supported by mainline Coreboot. But then again that's not a huge surprise considering Google's focus on Chromebook/Chromebox support in Coreboot. The Lenovo N21 support is now in mainline Coreboot where as previously this Intel-powered Chromebook code was just found in the Chromium Git tree. The Lenovo N21 is powered by a Celeron N2840 dual-core CPU, 11.6-inch HD display, 2GB or 4GB memory options, 16GB SSD, and up to a 9.5 hour battery life. With this being a modern Intel system, alas there are binary blobs to deal with for Coreboot support. Blobbed up for the N21 Chromebook are the VGA BIOS, firmware descriptor, Intel ME firmware, MRC, and external reference code binaries. Details via this commit with the 2,000+ lines of code for adding support for this Chromebook to mainline Coreboot. If the blobs don't scare you off and do want to play with a system having Coreboot support, the Lenovo N21 Chromebook retails for $185 USD. 3 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Coreboot News Another Old Intel Motherboard Gets Picked Up By Coreboot AMD Stoney Ridge Support Lands In Coreboot Google "Eve" Kabylake System Gains Coreboot Support Coreboot Lands More RISC-V / lowRISC Code Coreboot 4.5 Officially Released Libreboot Drama Continues, GNU Might Keep The Project Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) GNOME 3.22.2 Released Latest Linux News Feral Joins The Bandwagon Of Wanting Newer Mesa On Ubuntu New X.Org Driver Updates Roll Out For Xorg-Server 1.19 Support When Trying Out Tumbleweed, It's Easy To See Why OpenSUSE Leap Disabled Nouveau Raspberry Pi's VC4 Driver Picks Up ETC1, Fragment Shader Threading In Linux 4.10 LLVM's LLD Linker Looking At Enabling Multi-Threading By Default Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Color Compression Support For Skylake Vulkan Support On Mir Still May Be Months Away Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams Firefox 51 To Enable WebGL 2 By Default, FLAC Audio, Skia Content Rendering On Linux Latest Featured Articles RadeonSI Benchmarks On Budgie, GNOME Shell, KDE Plasma 5, LXDE, MATE, Unity, Xfce GCC 6.2 vs. Clang 3.9 Compiler Performance On Clear Linux With Intel Kaby Lake AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Global rail industry news Home News Jobs Tenders Events Publications InnoTrans Business, Freight, InnoTrans, N America, Technology, Traction & Rolling Stock Trains with brains 22 Sep 2016 GE Transportation and Intel Corp have announced a partnership at InnoTrans 2016. INNOTRANS: GE Transportation and Intel Corp have announced a partnership to offer GoLINC, a modular onboard computer package which acts as a 'superbrain' by integrating, storing and communicating the data produced by the hundreds of GE and third-party sensors now found on a locomotive. The system is about ‘leveraging data from the locomotives’, GE Transportation President & CEO Jamie Miller told Railway Gazette. GoLINC integrates with GE's Predix system which identifies trends and enables operators to act before a failure occurs. The aim is to create a smart ecosystem for railways, helping operators meet current market challenges. The GoLINC mobile data centre ‘saves time and lowers costs by reducing the amount of data transferred over cellular connections’, said Val Stoyanov, Intel’s General Manager, Global Transportation. GE needs ‘deep partners’, said Miller, and ‘Intel is an incredible partner’. GE benefitted from early access to the sixth-generation Intel Core i7 processor, and has developed a fan-free cooling system for the rugged onboard computers. Miller said she was also ‘very excited’ about a partnership with DB, which is testing GE's predictive maintenance systems with non-GE locos. The pilot is going extremely well, and DB has held ‘great discussions’ during InnoTrans. Across the rail sector, GE was ‘working with customers everywhere’. In South Africa there is a strong commitment to skills development and localisation, where GE is producing ‘the most African locomotive’ in the market with 55% local content. Chinese suppliers have been winning orders in Africa, but Miller said GE was a strong company which ‘has the most advanced technology’, ensuring its products offer high performance, reliability and maintainability, at a highly-competitive total cost of ownership. Miller said GE's primary focus ‘has been and will continue to be’ on freight, and the company has no plans to enter the high speed sector. Related news DB and Siemens launch predictive maintenance pilot » GE and Intel focus on digitising the railway » GE buys supply chain software company ShipXpress » Aurizon deploys GE Transportation Movement Planner tool » Share this: Previous Next To top Passenger Passenger Suseo open access operator poised to launch 18 Nov 2016 ETCS Level 2 tested in Poland 18 Nov 2016 High speed rail forum addresses challenges of a changing society 17 Nov 2016 Gauge-changing train decision next year 17 Nov 2016 More news High Speed High Speed Suseo open access operator poised to launch 18 Nov 2016 High speed rail forum addresses challenges of a changing society 17 Nov 2016 Nokia to supply ‘first’ LTE-R network 15 Nov 2016 HS2 contracts let as government confirms northern routes 15 Nov 2016 More news Urban Urban Comparing suburban rail best practice 15 Nov 2016 More news Freight Freight Prima India locos to have ABB transformers 18 Nov 2016 Wien Süd freight terminal test operations begin 17 Nov 2016 EQT completes acquisition of GB Railfreight 16 Nov 2016 Prototype piggyback wagons on test 15 Nov 2016 More news Infrastructure Infrastructure High speed rail forum addresses challenges of a changing society 17 Nov 2016 DB Netz to roll-out remote point condition monitoring 16 Nov 2016 Nokia to supply ‘first’ LTE-R network 15 Nov 2016 HS2 contracts let as government confirms northern routes 15 Nov 2016 More news Traction & Rolling Stock Traction & Rolling Stock Prima India locos to have ABB transformers 18 Nov 2016 Gauge-changing train decision next year 17 Nov 2016 More Kawasaki EMU cars for MTA Metro-North 17 Nov 2016 Funding approved for Paris EMU order 15 Nov 2016 More news Technology Technology Prima India locos to have ABB transformers 18 Nov 2016 Gauge-changing train decision next year 17 Nov 2016 Interpipe invests US$16·2m in production capabilities 16 Nov 2016 DB Netz to roll-out remote point condition monitoring 16 Nov 2016 More news Business Business Thales to sell ticketing business 18 Nov 2016 Railway supply industry news round-up 18 Nov 2016 Patriot Rail expands services business 16 Nov 2016 Interpipe invests US$16·2m in production capabilities 16 Nov 2016 More news Policy Policy High speed rail forum addresses challenges of a changing society 17 Nov 2016 HS2 contracts let as government confirms northern routes 15 Nov 2016 Comparing suburban rail best practice 15 Nov 2016 Independent transport regulator to be established 14 Nov 2016 More news People People Nadeem Velani 17 Nov 2016 Jim Umpleby 15 Nov 2016 Harri Mustonen 07 Nov 2016 Jeswant Gill 02 Nov 2016 More news InnoTrans InnoTrans Fast flat wagons to speed up China – Europe trains 13 Oct 2016 Hopper wagon under development 06 Oct 2016 Balfour Beatty acquires Omnicom Engineering 30 Sep 2016 Ukrainian Railways signs agreements with Pesa and Siemens 28 Sep 2016 More news Desktop version RSS | Newsletter Contact us | Advertise Disclaimer | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy Copyright © DVV Media 2014
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Lockdown! Harden Windows 10 for maximum security Lockdown! Harden Windows 10 for maximum security To make the most of Windows 10's security improvements, you must target the right edition and hardware for your needs Fahmida Y. Rashid (InfoWorld) 22 September, 2016 20:00 - - - - print email Comments You may have heard that Microsoft has made Windows 10 more secure than any of its predecessors, packing it with security goodies. What you might not know is that some of these vaunted security features aren’t available out of the box or they require additional hardware -- you may not be getting the level of security you bargained for. Features such as Credential Guard are available for only certain editions of Windows 10, while the advanced biometrics promised by Windows Hello require a hefty investment in third-party hardware. Windows 10 may be the most secure Windows operating system to date, but the security-savvy organization -- and individual user -- needs to keep the following hardware and Windows 10 edition requirements in mind in order to unlock the necessary features to achieve optimum security. [ The essentials for Windows 10 installation: Download the Windows 10 Installation Superguide today. | Stay up on key Microsoft technologies with the Windows Report newsletter. ] Note: Presently, there are four desktop editions of Windows 10 -- Home, Pro, Enterprise, and Education -- along with multiple versions of each, offering varying levels of beta and preview software. InfoWorld’s Woody Leonard breaks down which version of Windows 10 to use. The following Windows 10 security guide focuses on standard Windows 10 installations -- not Insider Previews or Long Term Servicing Branch -- and includes Anniversary Update where relevant. The right hardware Windows 10 casts a wide net, with minimum hardware requirements that are undemanding. As long as you have the following, you’re good to upgrade from Win7/8.1 to Win10: 1GHz or faster processor, 2GB of memory (for Anniversary Update), 16GB (for 32-bit OS) or 20GB (64-bit OS) disk space, a DirectX 9 graphic card or later with WDDM 1.0 driver, and an 800-by-600-resolution (7-inch or larger screens) display. That describes pretty much any computer from the past decade. But don’t expect your baseline machine to be fully secure, as the above minimum requirements won’t support many of the cryptography-based capabilities in Windows 10. Win10’s cryptography features require Trusted Platform Module 2.0, which provides a secure storage area for cryptographic keys and is used to encrypt passwords, authenticate smartcards, secure media playback to prevent piracy, protect VMs, and secure hardware and software updates against tampering, among other functions. Modern AMD and Intel processors (Intel Management Engine, Intel Converged Security Engine, AMD Security Processor) already support TPM 2.0, so most machines bought in the past few years have the necessary chip. Intel’s vPro remote management service, for example, uses TPM to authorize remote PC repairs. But it’s worth verifying whether TPM 2.0 exists on any system you upgrade, especially given that Anniversary Update requires TPM 2.0 support in the firmware or as a separate physical chip. A new PC, or systems installing Windows 10 from scratch, must have TPM 2.0 from the get-go, which means having an endorsement key (EK) certificate preprovisioned by the hardware vendor as it is shipped. Alternatively, the device can be configured to retrieve the certificate and store it in TPM the first time it boots up. Older systems that don’t support TPM 2.0 -- either because they don’t have the chip installed or are old enough that they have only TPM 1.2 -- will need to get a TPM 2.0-enabled chip installed. Otherwise, they will not be able to upgrade to Anniversary Update at all. While some of the security features work with TPM 1.2, it’s better to get TPM 2.0 whenever possible. TPM 1.2 allows only for RSA and SHA-1 hashing algorithm, and considering the SHA-1 to SHA-2 migration is well under way, sticking with TPM 1.2 is problematic. TPM 2.0 is much more flexible, as it supports SHA-256 and elliptical curve cryptography. Unified Extensible Firmware Interface (UEFI) BIOS is the next piece of must-have hardware for achieving the most secure Windows 10 experience. The device needs to be shipped with UEFI BIOS enabled to allow Secure Boot, which ensures that only operating system software, kernels, and kernel modules signed with a known key can be executed during boot time. Secure Boot blocks rootkits and BIOS-malware from executing malicious code. Secure Boot requires firmware that supports UEFI v2.3.1 Errata B and has the Microsoft Windows Certification Authority in the UEFI signature database. While a boon from a security perspective, Microsoft designating Secure Boot mandatory for Windows 10 has run into controversy, as it makes it harder to run unsigned Linux distributions (such as Linux Mint) on Windows 10-capable hardware. Anniversary Update won’t install unless your device is UEFI 2.31-compliant or later. A short list of Windows 10 features and hardware requirements Windows 10 feature TPM Input/output memory management unit Virtualization extensions SLAT UEFI 2.3.1 For x64 architecture only Credential Guard Recommended Not used Required Required Required Required Device Guard Not used Required Required Required Required Required BitLocker Recommended Not required Not required Not required Not required Not required Configurable code integrity Not required Not required Not required Not required Recommended Recommended Microsoft Hello Recommended Not required Not required Not required Not required Not required VBS Not required Required Required Required Not required Required UEFI Secure Boot Recommended Not required Not required Not required Required Not required Device health attestation through Measured Boot Requires TPM 2.0 Not required Not required Not required Required Required Beefing up authentication, identity Password security has been a significant issue in the past few years, and Windows Hello moves us closer to a password-free world as it integrates and extends biometric logins and two-factor authentication to "recognize" users without passwords. Windows Hello also manages to be simultaneously the most accessible and inaccessible security feature of Windows 10. Yes, it is available across all Win10 editions, but it requires significant hardware investment to get the most of what it has to offer. To protect credentials and keys, Hello requires TPM 1.2 or later. But for devices where TPM is not installed or configured, Hello can use software-based protection to secure credentials and keys instead, so Windows Hello is accessible to pretty much any Windows 10 device. But the best way to use Hello is to store biometric data and other authentication information in the on-board TPM chip, as the hardware protection makes it more difficult for attackers to steal them. Further, to take full advantage of biometric authentication, additional hardware -- such as a specialized illuminated infrared camera or a dedicated iris or fingerprint reader -- is necessary. Most business-class laptops and several lines of consumer laptops ship with fingerprint scanners, enabling businesses to get started with Hello under any edition of Windows 10. But the marketplace is still limited when it comes to depth-sensing 3D cameras for facial recognition and retina scanners for iris-scanning, so Windows Hello’s more advanced biometrics is a future possibility for most, rather than a daily reality. Available for all Windows 10 editions, Windows Hello Companion Devices is a framework for allowing users to use an external device -- such as a phone, access card, or wearable -- as one or more authenticating factors for Hello. Users interested in working with Windows Hello Companion Device to roam with their Windows Hello credentials between multiple Windows 10 systems must have Pro or Enterprise installed on each one. Windows 10 formerly had Microsoft Passport, which enabled users to log in to trusted applications via Hello credentials. With Anniversary Update, Passport no longer exists as a separate feature but is incorporated into Hello. Third-party applications that use the Fast Identity Online (FIDO) specification will be able to support single sign-on by way of Hello. For example, the Dropbox app can be authenticated directly via Hello, and Microsoft’s Edge browser enables integration with Hello to extend to the web. It’s possible to turn on the feature in a third-party mobile device management platform, as well. The password-less future is coming, but not quite yet. Keeping malware out Windows 10 also introduces Device Guard, technology that flips traditional antivirus on its head. Device Guard locks down Windows 10 devices, relying on whitelists to let only trusted applications be installed. Programs aren’t allowed to run unless they are determined safe by checking the file’s cryptographic signature, which ensures all unsigned applications and malware cannot execute. Device Guard relies on Microsoft’s own Hyper-V virtualization technology to store its whitelists in a shielded virtual machine that system administrators can’t access or tamper with. To take advantage of Device Guard, machines must run Windows 10 Enterprise or Education and support TPM, hardware CPU virtualization, and I/O virtualization. Device Guard relies on Windows hardening such as Secure Boot. AppLocker, available only for Enterprise and Education, can be used with Device Guard to set up code integrity policies. For example, administrators can decide to limit which universal applications from the Windows Store can be installed on a device.  Configurable code integrity is another Windows component which verifies that the code running is trusted and sage. Kernel mode code integrity (KMCI) prevents the kernel from executing unsigned drivers. Administrators can manage the policies at the certificate authority or publisher level as well as the individual hash values for each binary executable. Since much of commodity malware tends to be unsigned, deploying code integrity policies lets organizations immediately protect against unsigned malware. Windows Defender, first released as standalone software for Windows XP, became Microsoft’s default malware protection suite, with antispyware and antivirus, in Windows 8. Defender is automatically disabled when a third-party antimalware suite is installed. If there is no competing antivirus or security product installed, make sure that Windows Defender, available across all editions and with no specific hardware requirements, is turned on. For Windows 10 Enterprise users, there is the Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection, which offers real-time behavioral threat analysis to detect online attacks. Securing data BitLocker, which secures files in an encrypted container, has been around since Windows Vista and is better than ever in Windows 10. With Anniversary Update, the encryption tool is available for Pro, Enterprise, and Education editions. Much like Windows Hello, BitLocker works best if TPM is used to protect the encryption keys, but it can also use software-based key protection if TPM does not exist or is not configured. Protecting BitLocker with a password provides the most basic defense, but a better method is to use a smartcard or the Encrypting File System to create a file encryption certificate to protect associated files and folders. When BitLocker is enabled on the system drive and brute-force protection is enabled, Windows 10 can restart the PC and lock access to the hard drive after a specified number of incorrect password attempts. Users would have to type the 48-character BitLocker recovery key to start the device and access the disk. To enable this feature, the system would need to have UEFI firmware version 2.3.1 or later. Windows Information Protection, formerly Enterprise Data Protection (EDP), is available only for Windows 10 Pro, Enterprise, or Education editions. It provides persistent file-level encryption and basic rights management, while also integrating with Azure Active Directory and Rights Management services. Information Protection requires some kind of mobile device management -- Microsoft Intune or a third-party platform such as VMware’s AirWatch -- or System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) to manage the settings. An admin can define a list of Windows Store or desktop applications that can access work data, or block them entirely. Windows Information Protection helps control who can access data to prevent accidental information leakage. Active Directory helps ease management but is not required to use Information Protection, according to Microsoft. Virtualizing security defenses Credential Guard, available only for Windows 10 Enterprise and Education, can isolate “secrets” using virtualization-based security (VBS) and restrict access to privileged system software. It helps block pass-the-hash attacks, although security researchers have recently found ways to bypass the protections. Even so, having Credential Guard is still better than not having it at all. It runs only on x64 systems and requires UEFI 2.3.1 or greater. Virtualization extensions such as Intel VT-x, AMD-V, and SLAT must be enabled, as well as IOMMU such as Intel VT-d, AMD-Vi, and BIOS Lockdown. TPM 2.0 is recommended in order to enable Device Health Attestation for Credential Guard, but if TPM is not available, software-based protections can be used instead. Another Windows 10 Enterprise and Education feature is Virtual Secure Mode, which is a Hyper-V container that protects domain credentials saved on Windows. Other security goodies Windows 10 supports mobile device management across all editions, but needs to be integrated with a separate MDM platform, such as Microsoft Intune or a third-party platform such as VMware’s AirWatch. If MDM is on the list, the best scenario would be to avoid Windows 10 Home, as not all capabilities are available in that edition. MDM and SCCM platforms can also use the Windows Device Health Attestation Service, available across all editions, to manage conditional access scenarios. Group Policy is a powerful tool for Windows administrators, but it is available with only Pro, Enterprise, and Education editions. Domain join and Azure Active Directory Domain join, which enable single sign-on for cloud-hosted applications, are also powerful administrator tools available for Pro, Enterprise, and Education editions. Azure Directory Domain join requires a separate Azure Active Directory. Though not strictly a security feature, Assigned Access lets administrators lock down the interface on Windows 10 devices so that users are limited to specific tasks. Available only with an Enterprise E3 subscription (or Education), Assigned Access can restrict access to services; block access to Shut Down, Restart, Sleep, and Hibernate commands; and prevent changes to the Start menu, the taskbar, or the Start screen. Organizations that have deployed DirectAccess infrastructure for remote access will need Windows 10 Enterprise or Education to connect. Picking what you need While Windows 10 Home may be the most limited of the desktop editions when it comes to security, that doesn’t mean users have to shell out for Enterprise to get any of the new features. Regardless of edition, Windows 10 is Microsoft’s most secure operating system to date, and a constant release of security patches, feature updates, and version upgrades will keep it that way. Everyone’s security needs are different. Make sure to buy the edition and establish the configuration that gives you the optimal security you are looking for. Related resources Download: Windows 10 Installation Superguide Top 10 free troubleshooting tools for Windows 10 Top 25 free apps for Windows 10 The ultimate Windows 10 survival guide Everything you need to know about Windows 10 Brand Post ​Seizing control of ERP costs to drive innovation More from Rimini Street Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AdvancedAMDDropboxIntelLinuxMicrosoftMintModernRSA Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Whaling Information Security Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies The Nervous, the Vigilant and the Battle-Scarred - IT Security Personas Revealed Mimecast Business Email Threat Report - Email Security Uncovered Checklist: How to Keep Cyberattacks in Check Latest Jobs ITIL Productivity Support Officer - contract Initially - Sydney NSW Iteration Manager NSW EPAS Technical Support Officers NSW Chief Enterprise Architect NSW Senior Information Management SME NSW SAP Test Manager NSW Strategy and Architecture Manager NSW Manager Integration Planning NSW User Interface(UI) Developer VIC Solution Architect VIC Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Fantastic fifth IT director sought for Justice League Power to the people: Solar panel sales to soon surpass leasing In wake of Census fail, IBM taps Watson AI to support new ... CSO Online In pictures: Roundtable - Top strategies for CIOs in the cybersecurity war In pictures: Roundtable - Creating capacity for digital transformation Messaging and collaboration tools are most valuable enterprise apps CSO UK mobile operator loses phones following data breach Ransomware victims able to thwart attacks, report says Battling global DDoS attacks require coordinated response US lawmakers introduce bill to delay enhanced government hacking powers Without tech industry guidance, U.S. may resort to weakening encryption Computerworld Computerworld's holiday gift guide 2016 (with video!) Government to loan NBN money to complete rollout Chinese smartphone vendors show sales gains as Apple, Samsung sales decline in Q3 Does Apple really want to kill Automator, AppleScript? Experts speak out about leading the tech agenda in STEM education ARN IT workers singled out amid 457 visa changes Govt stumps up $19.5 billion loan to finish NBN rollout ​Cloud services spend set to rise as IT budgets realign ​Dicker Data ranks highest among Cisco regional distributors ​Meet the fastest growing tech companies in Australia… Techworld UK mobile operator loses phones following data breach Hyper convergence leads to humanless datacenters: Nutanix CEO Pandey Hottest Android Black Friday 2016 deals on tablets, phones & more VMware taps Angular 2 for rapid web dev framework Computerworld's holiday gift guide 2016 (with video!) CMO LinkedIn, Facebook, Google marketers weigh in on digital marketing success 5 lessons in change from Wunderman-Bienalto’s Hurol Inan Facebook admits to further reporting errors, proposes metrics overhaul Telstra looks to bolster customer advocacy with refined CX and network investment strategy Panel: Tackling customer problems and corporate culture core to digital transformation strategy Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2016 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
null
null
null
null
null
null
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Intel Apple Cpus Moore's Law Emergent Tech Artificial Intelligence Zombie Moore's Law shows hardware is eating software Customised CPUs are doing things software just can't do on commodity kit 22 Sep 2016 at 05:58, Mark Pesce Mark Pesce Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Recent Articles The sharks of AI will attack expensive and scarce workers faster than they eat drivers Good luck securing 'things' when users assume 'stuff just works' Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones After being pronounced dead this past February - in Nature, no less - Moore’s Law seems to be having a very weird afterlife. Within the space of the last thirty days we've seen: Intel announce some next-generation CPUs that aren’t very much faster than the last generation of CPUs; Intel delay, again, the release of some of its 10nm process CPUs; and Apple’s new A10 chip, powering iPhone 7, is as one of the fastest CPUs ever. Intel hasn’t lost the plot. In fact, most of the problems in Moore’s Law have come from Intel’s slavish devotion to a single storyline: more transistors and smaller transistors are what everyone needs. That push toward ‘general purpose computing’ gave us thirty years of Wintel, but that no longer looks to be the main game. The CPU is all grown up. Meanwhile, in the five years between iPhone 4S and iPhone 7, Apple has written its obsessive-compulsive desire for complete control into silicon. Every twelve months another A-series System-on-a-Chip makes its way into the Apple product line, and every time performance increases enormously. You might think that’s to be expected - after all, those kinds of performance improvements are what Moore’s Law guarantees. But the bulk of the speed gains in the A-series (about a factor of twelve over the last five years) don’t come from making more, smaller transistors. Instead, they come from Apple’s focus on using only those transistors needed for their smartphones and tablets. Although the new A10 hosts an ARM four-core big.LITTLE CPU, every aspect of Apple’s chip is highly tuned to both workload and iOS kernel-level task management. It’s getting hard to tell where Apple’s silicon ends and its software begins. And that’s exactly the point. The cheap and easy gains of the last fifty years of Moore’s Law gave birth to a global technology industry. The next little while - somewhere between twenty and fifty years out - will be dominated by a transition from software into hardware, a confusion of the two so complete it will literally become impossible to know where the boundary between the two lies. Apple isn’t alone; NVIDIA has been driving its GPUs through the same semiconductor manufacturing process nodes that Intel pioneers, growing more, smaller transistors to draw pretty pictures on displays, while simultaneously adding custom bits to move some of the work previously done in software - such as rendering stereo pairs for virtual reality displays - into the hardware. A process that used to cost 2x the compute for every display frame now comes essentially for free. Longtime watchers of the technology sector will note this migration from software into hardware has been a feature of computing for the last fifty years. But for all that time the cheap gains of ever-faster CPUs versus the hard work of designing and debugging silicon circuitry meant only the most important or time-critical tasks migrated into silicon. Now that Moore’s Law has given up the ghost, we’re seeing a migration away from software and into hardware, wringing every last bit of capacity out of the transistor. This transition is already well underway. Last month The Register revealed that Microsoft had designed a custom processor for its HoloLens virtual reality goggles. This surprisingly sophisticated 24-core DSP handles all of the data flowing in from the HoloLens’ many spatial sensors, taking a huge processing burden away from its rather wimpy Atom CPU - and does the job two hundred times faster. It took a specialised team of silicon designers to create the Hololens DSP, because designing chips is hard work, fraught with trial and error and poor support tools. It’s an elite field requiring highly specialist skills. Pretty much where software was thirty years ago. Now that the drive into hardware is well and truly on, we can expect a new generation of tools - many backed by machine learning and artificial intelligence capacities - to make chip design significantly easier. Whether it ever becomes as easy as writing code is an open question - but between FPGAs today and nanoscale 3D printing tomorrow there’s every reason to suspect the ‘build’ phase in the late 2020s will be precisely that - building a chip. It’s just this that makes the Mystorm project so very interesting. Sitting somewhere between the friendly hackability of Arduino and the deep power of the Raspberry Pi, Mystorm wants to make FPGA design accessible and cheap, because it’s designed to sit on the Raspberry Pi’s 40-pin connector, and they’re aiming for a stripped-bare retail cost of around $30 - same as Raspberry Pi. But hardware is only half the battle here. If we want 11 year-olds designing custom hardware (and we very much do want that) we’ll need to give them the kinds of tools and support and endless YouTube videos they already have whenever they do an Arduino or Raspberry Pi project -- resources also useful for a generation of programmers in their 20s who will spend much of the rest of their careers cozying up to the silicon. Then Moore’s Law will live on, long after we’ve reached its physical constraints, as we explore the limits of creativity and imagination. ® Sponsored: Customer Identity and Access Management Tips and corrections 74 Comments More from The Register White House to bring us up to speed on artificial intelligence hype latest Will AI kill or cure? 11 Comments New York outlaws ticket-hoarding buybots Big Apple puts the kibosh on scalper scripts 26 Comments New York decides not to tinker with vendor lock-down for now 'Fair Repair Act' returned in its original packaging 19 Comments TWC celebrates $79bn Charter merger by blacking out in New York Start spreading the news. Or not. Iranian hackers targeted New York dam, had a quick nosy around US has highest number of industrial-control systems online, says security bods 23 Comments New York senator proposes tax credit for open-source developers Allows devs to claw back a few bucks for donating code 17 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Spark meets HAL: Apache's cluster master goes deep Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Mysterious algorithms, black-box AI recruiters are binning our résumés Pound falling, Marmite off the shelves – what the UK needs right now is ... an AI ethics board Do AI chat bots need a personality bypass – or will we only trust gabber 'droids with character? Zombie Moore's Law shows hardware is eating software Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Intel Internet Of Things Emergent Tech Internet of Things Intel taps baton, tells the IoT orchestra to tune up Chipzilla updates dev environment for Thing connectivity 22 Sep 2016 at 04:31, Richard Chirgwin Richard Chirgwin Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics NBN, Privacy, Security , Science, Google Recent Articles BIND bashes bugs Eric Raymond revisits his biggest mistake, updates 'Pilot' language after 20 years City of Moscow to ditch 600k Exchange and Outlook licences Intel has quietly released Version 2.0 of its IoT Services Orchestration Layer toolkit on the world. First announced in December at the Node.js Interactive conference, the toolkit is a graphic programming environment for IoT devices. It provides a browser-based HTML5 IDE, covering the workflows of the device's internal logic, with HTML5 for the end user interface. Node.js-based distributed middleware hosts and executes the IoT application, there's an Orchestration Center handling the workflow execution, and Web servers to host both the IDE and user interface. Service Hubs in the middleware manage both the devices and the cloud services. Presenting the first version last year, Intel's Jonathan Ding said in the long term, Chipzilla expects IoT app stores will develop, and developers will need to be able to move fast, churning out new applications connecting IoT things to the services they need. It's also designed to be neutral to the various competing IoT protocols various vendor collaborations are pushing. The IoT Services Orchestration Layer follows the familiar model in which devices connect to a gateway (the Service Hub in Intel-speak). However, the Service Hub does more than just pass communications back and forth: it's also responsible for discovering and adapting to new devices and the protocols they use. Next layer up in the model, either in the cloud or on a local server, the workflow engine and orchestration layer handles business logic. The code is here, and Ding's presentation is below. ® https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htGdoQTliOQ Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections Post a comment More from The Register Intel's new chip targets industrial IoT The E3900 family doubles performance 20 Comments Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee IDTechX report takes a swipe at other analysts' 'hype bubble' 28 Comments Dell bundles bundle of systems-bundlers into its IoT van Secure or not, it's great if someone's making money Building IoT London: Still working on your pitch? Mmm, OK, you’ve got a week till the call for papers shuts 7 Comments Building IOT London sessions: From tiny sensors to big data Early-bird tickets take flight 14 Comments Cisco-backed iOT comms aspirant LoRa ships IoT dev kit Thing-makers get a bi-directional wireless standard they can all agree on 2 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Ericsson’s patent pool is far from the new start the IoT needs Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Spark meets HAL: Apache's cluster master goes deep Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Mysterious algorithms, black-box AI recruiters are binning our résumés Pound falling, Marmite off the shelves – what the UK needs right now is ... an AI ethics board Do AI chat bots need a personality bypass – or will we only trust gabber 'droids with character? Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.

TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Wearable Technology/Gallery Wearable Technology Oakley’s Radar Pace smart sunglasses pack will tell you to keep running when you get tired By Jacob Kleinman | September 25, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Way back in January at CES, Oakley teamed up with Intel to unveil Radar Pace, a set of smart sunglasses designed to help improve your workouts. Now the company is finally set to release the gadget, which launches on October 1 for $499. The Pace Radar looks like a pretty standard pair of high-end sporty sunglasses with one key difference. Oakley includes a detachable earbud, which grips onto to the sunglasses using a bendable arm. It also features three built-in microphones so you can ask for feedback throughout your workout and respond to questions. The design is sweat-resistant and packs a battery that lasts 4 hours if you listen to music (6 hours without music). There’s also a built-in touchpad for quickly skipping between tracks. Pace Radar can also track your distance and even incorporate your heart rate into its analysis, but it doesn’t pack any of the sensors to actually take those measurements. Instead, it connects to your smartphone for GPS data. It can also sync with an attached smartwatch or fitness tracker. Once you’re ready to run (or jog or bike) Oakley’s sunglasses will act as a virtual workout coach. The Pace system will offer updates on your speed and stride, along with ways to improve. You can also ask for information directly. When you’re ready to stop just say that you’re finished, and if you haven’t completed the planned workout the sunglasses will urge you to keep going. If you’re a die-hard runner or biker looking for some extra encouragement this could be a fun option. The price seems a little high considering that it still relies on other connected gadgets to actually gather your data, but it’s possible that future versions of Pace Radar could bring costs down, add extra sensors or both. Source Oakley Via Engadget Topics #Intel #Intel #Oakley #Oakley Pace Radar Jacob Kleinman Jacob Kleinman has been working as a journalist online and in print since he arrived at Wesleyan University in 2007. After graduating, he took a blogging job at the International… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums SolidRun MicroSoM offers Braswell CPUs on a tiny package by Wayne Manion  3:23 PM on September 23, 2016 Technology enthusiasts looking to shoehorn computers into unusual places often turn to the Raspberry Pi. The Pi is inexpensive, with prices of $5 for the Pi Zero and around $35 for the more powerful Pi 3. It also consumes little electricity, has its own Linux distribution, and is backed by an active community. Some tasks are simply too much for even the ARMv8 1.2GHz quad-core atop the Pi 3, though. Israeli PC vendor SolidRun thinks it has the solution for that and announced the MicroSoM, a lineup of Intel Braswell-based system-on-a-module boards (SoM) for use in more demanding applications including medical equipment, drones, and industrial and point-of-sale systems. The SoM includes a choice of Intel Atom x5-8000 or Pentium N3710 CPUs from the 14-nm Braswell family, some memory, and 4GB eMMC storage on a 40mm x 53mm PCB. The basic option includes an Atom CPU and 2GB RAM, while the higher-end model packs a Pentium CPU and 8GB RAM. As optional accessories, SolidRun offers an aluminum enclosure, a CPU heatsink, and a Micro-USB power supply. The SoM requires additional hardware in order to be used in the same fashion as the Raspberry Pi, as the base module does not include any of the standard ports PC enthusiasts are familiar with. SolidRun's SolidPC Q4 carrier board adds HDMI and DisplayPort outputs, three USB 3.0 ports, a pair of Ethernet ports, and both analog and digital audio outputs. The Q4 carrier board measures 100mm x 80 mm. For comparison's sake, the Raspberry Pi 3 measures 85mm x 56mm. Alternative x86-based single board computers from vendors including UDOO, MinnowBoard, Up Board, Gizmosphere, and PC Engines (among others) are in varying stages of development and availability. SolidRun expects the MicroSoM to begin shipping in 4-6 weeks, and is asking $117 for the Atom version and $225 for the Pentium model. The Q4 carrier board goes for $40 when purchased with a MicroSoM module. Finally, the optional aluminum enclosure costs $25, while both the CPU heatsink and Micro-USB charger go for $10. Tags: Systems Networking Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Tech Cybersecurity Lenovo, Intel, Synaptics, and PayPal are working to kill passwords on your next laptop New, 8 comments by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Sep 23, 2016, 12:00pm EDT share tweet Linkedin In light of yesterday’s news that over 500 million Yahoo accounts were compromised, it’s clear that we need to start seriously thinking about new security system replacements for passwords. So it’s fitting that Lenovo announced a partnership to bring FIDO fingerprint authentication to its laptops. log into FIDO-compliant services without needing to enter a password The newly announced Lenovo / Intel / Synaptics / PayPal partnership will combine Lenovo’s laptops with Intel’s on-chip hardware security, allowing you to use Synaptic's biometric fingerprint sensors to replace passwords for logging into FIDO-compliant services (like PayPal). All of this is secured by FIDO's security spec, which already has widespread support across the industry. The FIDO Alliance is a consortium founded several years ago in part by Lenovo and PayPal — backed by tons of major companies like, Google, Bank of America, and Microsoft — with a goal to develop new methods of authentication that are simpler and more secure than passwords. The group has considered multiple approaches to replacing the password, with biometrics, USB keys, and voice and face recognition all being considered as new security standards. It's worth noting that Microsoft announced that it would be integrating FIDO support into Windows 10 back in 2015. The current president of The FIDO Alliance, Dustin Ingalls, is also Microsoft's general manager of the Identity & Security Operations, so it's clear that this kind of integration has been in the works for a while. No timeline was given as to when the first wave of FIDO-enabled laptops would be released, but with CES 2017 just around the corner, it’s possible we could see an announcement then. Source: Lenovo Next Up In Circuit Breaker Sony’s voice assistant earbuds will be released in the US on December 13th People are still trying to put PC gaming in a handheld Researchers send text message using chemicals This Panasonic megaphone automatically translates commands into multiple languages Amazon is rolling out Alexa-only shopping deals Apple launches repair program for iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ flaw Now Trending Microsoft Surface Studio review: a beautiful invader of Apple's base Sand's End MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This Article has a component height of 7. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Sony’s voice assistant earbuds will be released in the US on December 13th by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Sony’s launching its voice assistant earbuds in time for the holidays. The company announced its Xperia Ear wireless earbuds earlier this year with the intention of releasing them over the summer. That date got pushed back to November, and now,... New, 1 comment Entertainment TV Culture DirecTV Now is holding a launch event on November 28th by Micah Singleton@MicahSingleton AT&T’s over-the-top service is nearly here Circuit Breaker Gaming Tech People are still trying to put PC gaming in a handheld by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg For ages, humankind has wondered what would happen if you tried to combine a PS Vita together with Valve’s Steam controller. Okay, not really. But wouldn’t a portable Steam PC be kind of neat? That’s the thought of Spanish company Smach, anyway,... Breitbart wants to fuel another Trump-like upset in France by Amar Toor@amartoo During the 2016 presidential campaign, Breitbart News emerged as a haven for far-right factions that actively pushed for the election of Donald Trump. Its executive editor, Steve Bannon, played an instrumental role as CEO of the Trump campaign,... Podcast The Vergecast This week on the Vergecast: real talk about fake news by Andrew Marino The tech review season continues this week with reviews of the Macbook Pro with Touch Bar, Microsoft’s Surface Studio, and even an actual book that Apple released. This week on Vergecast, Nilay, Paul, and Dieter give an overview of these products... New, 0 comments Gaming Pokemon Nintendo Nintendo Switch will reportedly get a version of Pokémon Sun and Moon by Kwame Opam@kwameopam The Nintendo Switch may be the first home console to get a core Pokémon game. Eurogamer reports that the upcoming hybrid console will receive a new version of the just-released Pokémon Sun and Moon in 2017. Titled Pokémon Stars, this new title... New, 6 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share

Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics CRM ANF Best Investments 2017 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Friday’s Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), General Electric Company (GE) and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Options activity provides a bit of insight on AAPL, GE and BABA By Joseph Hargett, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Sep 23, 2016, 8:56 am EST     Popular Posts: Monday’s Vital Data: Bank of America Corp (BAC), Facebook Inc (FB) and Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Thursday’s Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) and Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) 2 Post-Trump Trades for Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Earnings Recent Posts: Thursday’s Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) and Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Nike Inc (NKE) Stock Can’t Count on a Save From Santa Claus Wednesday’s Vital Data: Facebook Inc (FB), Chevron Corporation (CVX) and United States Steel Corporation (X) View All Posts U.S. stock futures are dipping in premarket trading, as Wall Street looks to take a bit of a breather after rallying for three straight sessions. The Federal Reserve’s inaction on interest rates is largely responsible for the rally — because who doesn’t like easy money? — though key reports on August manufacturing and North American oil-rig counts as well as speeches from several Federal Reserve speakers have added a layer of pressure in the early going. Against this backdrop, futures on the Dow Jones Industrial Average have tripped 0.07% lower, while S&P 500 dropped 0.14% and Nasdaq-100 futures have slipped 0.15%. Thursday’s options activity remained well above average heading into the expiration of weekly September 23 series contracts. Overall, an above-average 17.6 million calls and 14.5 million puts changed hands on the session. On the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio retreated to 0.57, while the 10-day moving average held at 0.65. Underpinning Thursday’s options volume, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) was upgraded again — not just once, but twice — on Thursday due to iPhone 7 preorder strength. Elsewhere, General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) saw unusual options activity in the October and January 2017 series that appeared to be a diagonal calendar spread. Finally, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) drummed up chatter this week after it overtook Chinese rival Baidu Inc (ADR) (NASDAQ:BIDU) on ad revenue. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Apple bulls had more to cheer about yesterday after not one, but two brokerage firms lifted their price targets on the shares. RBC Capital boosted AAPL stock from $120 to $125 and reiterated its “outperform” rating on the shares, while Nomura lifted AAPL to $135 from $120 while restating its “buy” rating. Both brokerage firms cited strong preorders for the iPhone 7, with Nomura citing healthy data points from the U.S., U.K. and Japan, while RBC highlighted significant upside to the iPhone 7’s selling price due to a shift toward the larger model. Judging by options activity on AAPL this week, traders’ enthusiasm may finally be dying down a bit. Specifically, calls have accounted for increasingly less of AAPL’s total daily volume as the weeks have worn on. On Thursday, total volume came in at 983,000 contracts, with calls only accounting for about 61% of the day’s take — down from 63% yesterday and 71% shortly after last week’s iPhone 7 preorder data hit the Street. While declining daily call volume by itself isn’t a major concern for AAPL bulls, rising put open interest could be a warning sign. As I noted yesterday, AAPL’s near-term put/call open interest ratio has been on the rise, and currently rests at 0.90 — which is somewhat high, historically, for AAPL. General Electric Company (GE) Despite a lack of headline news to drive activity, General Electric stock still cracked the top ten most active options list on Thursday. Total volume jumped to more than 203,000 contracts, with a surge in put volume to 80% of the day’s take underscoring the session’s activity. A closer look GE’s put activity yesterday, via Trade-Alert.com, reveals what appears to be a diagonal calendar spread. Specifically, a block of 15,000 GE January 2017 $28 strike puts traded for the ask price of 54 cents, while another block of 15,000 October $30 strike puts crossed at the bid price of 49 cents. Assuming the trades are related, the total outlay for this neutral short-term/bearish long-term spread comes in at 5 cents, or $5 per pair of contracts. In short, the trader is looking for GE to hold steady until the end of the year before dropping, or a sharp rise in implied volatility for GE options. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Alibaba options traders had something else to crow about yesterday after reports broke that the Chinese e-commerce giant had overtaken rival Baidu in ad revenue. The feat is none-too-small either, considering that Baidu is widely regarded as the Chinese Google (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL). Explosive growth in mobile advertising was the catalyst for Alibaba’s rise to prominence, marking a major shift in the Chinese internet market. SPDR Gold Trust (ETF) (GLD) Is a Better Buy Than Stocks Options volume was unusually strong for BABA on Thursday. Total volume came in at 576,000 contracts, with calls snapping up 77% of the day’s take. If this trend takes hold on BABA, it could also mark a shift in sentiment for the stock. Currently, the September/October put/call open interest ratio for BABA rests at 0.93, with calls and puts nearing parity. However, a turn toward calls could push this ratio lower, indicating bullish expectations for the speculative options crowd. As of this writing, Joseph Hargett did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace 8 International Stocks Priced to Beat the U.S. The Top 10 S&P 500 Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/09/fridays-vital-data-apple-inc-aapl-general-electric-company-ge-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks Investors Should Buy From the Scrap Heap Abercrombie & Fitch Is Beyond All Hope Will Apple iPhones Be Made in the USA? 10 Pharma Stocks That Are Prescribed Under Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains Why MacBook Pro Fans Are Angry (Again) Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Pharma Stocks Under President Donald Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains 3 Naked Puts to Generate a $1000 in Holiday Cash Don’t Give up on Twilio Inc (TWLO) Stock Just Yet! Most Popular Most Commented The 7 Best Tech Stocks in the World 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 S&P 500 Seeing Some Consolidation Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You Apple Inc. (AAPL) Angers New MacBook Pro Fans Yet Again Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Take Oracle: Buy the Dip Shares fall after Oracle announces disappointing quarterly results. But its stock looks cheap amid a 59% jump in cloud-computing revenue. By Teresa Rivas Biography Sept. 16, 2016 5:10 p.m. ET Shares of Oracle tumbled Friday after the tech giant announced disappointing earnings. However, we spy a buying opportunity, especially given Oracle’s strength in cloud-computing. Oracle (ticker: ORCL) reported earnings of 55 cents a share on revenue that rose 1.8% to $8.61 billion for its fiscal first quarter. Analysts were looking for earnings of 58 cents a share on revenue of $8.69 billion in the quarter ended August 31. ... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Uber’s Challenge…Replacing Rental Cars Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Eddie Lampert’s Big Bet On Sears Hometown Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Tesla and SolarCity Get Shareholder Approval…Here’s What it Means Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Teva Takes a Tumble Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is Donald Trump a Closet Democrat? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 How to Get the Best Financial Advice 2 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Fitbit and More 3 Amazon Gains Ground on Flipkart in India Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > QYResearch Report Tweet   Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Market Report 2016 This report studies sales (consumption) of Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems in Japan market, focuses on the top players   (EMAILWIRE.COM, September 22, 2016 ) Sample request, please email phoebe@qyresearch.com Summary Notes: Sales, means the sales volume of Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Revenue, means the sales value of Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems This report studies sales (consumption) of Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems in Japan market, focuses on the top players, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player, covering Siemens AG Intel Corporation ZTE Corporation Cisco Systems, Inc. IBM Corporation Microsoft Corporation Oracle Corporation Computer Science Corporation Split by product types, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Aviation ITS System (Information Display, Tracking & Monitoring, Communication, Kiosks, Smart Gate, Self-Service Baggage Maritime ITS System (Automatic Identification & Vessel Traffic Management ,  Long-Range Identification & Tracking, Navigation & Information Service) Type III Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems in each application, can be divided into Aviation ITS Security & Surveillance Market Aviation ITS Shuttle Bus Tracking Application Aviation ITS Traveler Information Application Aviation ITS Smart Ticketing application Aviation ITS Aircraft Management Application Aviation ITS Emergency Notification Application Aviation ITS Other Application Maritime Freight Arrival & Transit ITS Maritime Real-Time Weather Information Maritime Scheduling of Container Movement Table of Contents Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Market Report 2016 1 Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems 1.2 Classification of Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems 1.2.1 Aviation ITS System (Information Display, Tracking & Monitoring, Communication, Kiosks, Smart Gate, Self-Service Baggage 1.2.2 Maritime ITS System (Automatic Identification & Vessel Traffic Management ,  Long-Range Identification & Tracking, Navigation & Information Service) 1.2.3 Type III 1.3 Application of Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems 1.3.1 Aviation ITS Security & Surveillance Market 1.3.2 Aviation ITS Shuttle Bus Tracking Application 1.3.3 Aviation ITS Traveler Information Application 1.3.4 Aviation ITS Smart Ticketing application 1.3.5 Aviation ITS Aircraft Management Application 1.3.6 Aviation ITS Emergency Notification Application 1.3.7 Aviation ITS Other Application 1.3.8 Maritime Freight Arrival & Transit ITS 1.3.9 Maritime Real-Time Weather Information 1.3.10 Maritime Scheduling of Container Movement 1.4 Japan Market Size Sales (Value) and Revenue (Volume) of Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems (2011-2021) 1.4.1 Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 1.4.2 Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 2 Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Sales and Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Revenue and Share by Manufactures (2015 and 2016) 2.3 Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Average Price by Manufactures (2015 and 2016) 2.4 Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.4.1 Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Market Concentration Rate 2.4.2 Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.4.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Sales (Volume) and Revenue (Value) by Type (2011-2016) 3.1 Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Sales and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 3.2 Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 3.3 Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Price by Type (2011-2016) 3.4 Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Sales Growth Rate by Type (2011-2016) 4 Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Sales (Volume) by Application (2011-2016) 4.1 Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Sales and Market Share by Application (2011-2016) 4.2 Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Sales Growth Rate by Application (2011-2016) 4.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 5 Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 5.1 Siemens AG 5.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.1.2 Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Product Type, Application and Specification 5.1.2.1 Type I 5.1.2.2 Type II 5.1.3 Siemens AG Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 5.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.2 Intel Corporation 5.2.2 Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Product Type, Application and Specification 5.2.2.1 Type I 5.2.2.2 Type II 5.2.3 Intel Corporation Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 5.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.3 ZTE Corporation 5.3.2 Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Product Type, Application and Specification 5.3.2.1 Type I 5.3.2.2 Type II 5.3.3 ZTE Corporation Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 5.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.4 Cisco Systems, Inc. 5.4.2 Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Product Type, Application and Specification 5.4.2.1 Type I 5.4.2.2 Type II 5.4.3 Cisco Systems, Inc. Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 5.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.5 IBM Corporation 5.5.2 Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Product Type, Application and Specification 5.5.2.1 Type I 5.5.2.2 Type II 5.5.3 IBM Corporation Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 5.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.6 Microsoft Corporation 5.6.2 Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Product Type, Application and Specification 5.6.2.1 Type I 5.6.2.2 Type II 5.6.3 Microsoft Corporation Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 5.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.7 Oracle Corporation 5.7.2 Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Product Type, Application and Specification 5.7.2.1 Type I 5.7.2.2 Type II 5.7.3 Oracle Corporation Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 5.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.8 Computer Science Corporation 5.8.2 Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Product Type, Application and Specification 5.8.2.1 Type I 5.8.2.2 Type II 5.8.3 Computer Science Corporation Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 5.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 6 Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Manufacturing Cost Analysis 6.1 Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Key Raw Materials Analysis 6.1.1 Key Raw Materials 6.1.2 Price Trend of Key Raw Materials 6.1.3 Key Suppliers of Raw Materials 6.1.4 Market Concentration Rate of Raw Materials 6.2 Proportion of Manufacturing Cost Structure 6.2.1 Raw Materials 6.2.2 Labor Cost 6.2.3 Manufacturing Expenses 6.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems 7 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 7.1 Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Industrial Chain Analysis 7.2 Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing 7.3 Raw Materials Sources of Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Major Manufacturers in 2015 7.4 Downstream Buyers 8 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 8.1 Marketing Channel 8.1.1 Direct Marketing 8.1.2 Indirect Marketing 8.1.3 Marketing Channel Development Trend 8.2 Market Positioning 8.2.1 Pricing Strategy 8.2.2 Brand Strategy 8.2.3 Target Client 8.3 Distributors/Traders List 9 Market Effect Factors Analysis 9.1 Technology Progress/Risk 9.1.1 Substitutes Threat 9.1.2 Technology Progress in Related Industry 9.2 Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change 9.3 Economic/Political Environmental Change 10 Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Market Forecast (2016-2021) 10.1 Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Sales, Revenue Forecast (2016-2021) 10.2 Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Sales Forecast by Type (2016-2021) 10.3 Japan Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Sales Forecast by Application (2016-2021) 10.4 Aviation & Maritime Intelligent Transportation Systems Price Forecast (2016-2021) 11 Research Findings and Conclusion 12 Appendix Contact Information: QYResearch Report qyresearch global Tel: 862086655165 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums Black Friday iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Intel's Mobile Processor Roadmap May Force Graphics Changes for Apple's 15-Inch MacBook Pro in 2017 Thursday September 22, 2016 8:40 am PDT by Eric Slivka While many Mac notebook users have been long awaiting refreshes for the MacBook Pro and MacBook Air lineups based on Intel's 6th-generation Core "Skylake" processors, a recently leaked April roadmap for Intel's processors beyond Skylake posted to the AnandTech forums raises questions about future updates for the 15-inch MacBook Pro in particular. The update bottleneck for future Mac notebooks is primarily related to the performance of Intel's integrated graphics, and it appears that an emphasis on processing cores over graphics by Intel may force Apple to make some changes to its graphics strategy down the road. The MacBook Air and 13-inch MacBook Pro run exclusively on integrated graphics bundled with Intel's chips, while since late 2013 the 15-inch MacBook Pro has come in two versions, a lower-end configuration with only integrated graphics and a higher-end configuration that adds a dedicated graphics chip for higher performance. 15-inch MacBook Pro models equipped with both types of graphics can automatically switch between the two depending on whether better performance or better battery life is required. Given the importance of integrated graphics for Apple's notebooks, Apple has typically used chips including Intel's "GT3" or "GT3e" tier for graphics performance, with the "e" suffix on GT3e denoting embedded DRAM on the chip for improved performance compared to the GT3 tier. These tiers are powerful enough to provide reasonably strong graphics performance for a notebook. Looking at Intel's roadmap for chips beyond Skylake, the 15-inch MacBook Pro runs into a problem as Intel appears to have no plans for any quad-core chips with integrated graphics higher than the "GT2" tier, which typically has about half the raw power of the GT3 tier, to be launched in the next-generation "Kaby Lake" processor family. As a result, the currently available Skylake "H-series" chips appropriate for the 15-inch MacBook Pro that we're expecting to see in an update as soon as next month may remain Intel's lead offerings for these types of high-performance mobile chips until the introduction of new "Coffee Lake" chips in the second quarter of 2018. Even then, initial Coffee Lake chips will include only GT2-level graphics that may not be powerful enough for Apple's needs. The situation is a bit better for the 13-inch MacBook Pro and the MacBook Air, which use 28-watt and 15-watt versions of the "U-series" processors respectively. The leaked roadmap indicates that Kaby Lake versions of these chips with GT3e graphics are scheduled to launch in the first quarter of 2017, making them available for updated notebooks perhaps in the middle of next year following Skylake updates within the next month or two. Rounding out the Mac notebook lineup is the MacBook, which was updated in April with Skylake processors. Kaby Lake versions of those "Y-series" chips have already been launched, so they are ready to be used in next-generation MacBooks whenever Apple decides to release them. Those Kaby Lake Y-series chips will be part of Intel's lineup until late 2017 when new Cannon Lake chips based on a smaller 10 nm process are scheduled to debut. So what exactly is this Coffee Lake family coming in early 2018? As outlined by The Motley Fool, it appears to be based on the Cannon Lake architecture that has been under development for some time, but manufactured on the current 14 nm process rather than the next-generation 10 nm process of Cannon Lake. What Intel seems to be doing here with respect to Cannon Lake and Coffee Lake (aka 14-nanometer Cannon Lake) appears to be the result of good planning and an honest internal assessment of the health of the company's upcoming 10-nanometer manufacturing technology. As I have written before, I believe that the reason that Intel is keeping its high performance notebook and desktop processors on its 14-nanometer technology is cost. By late 2017/early 2018 (when Coffee Lake is expected to launch), Intel's 14-nanometer technology should be quite mature, while the company's 10-nanometer technology will have barely just begun production.As a result, Coffee Lake would be Intel's fourth processor family to come from its 14 nm process, following Broadwell, Skylake, and Kaby Lake. It's not entirely clear how Apple will deal with the apparent high-end integrated graphics stagnation at Intel when it comes to future MacBook Pro updates, but there are a few possibilities including a return to dedicated graphics chips across the 15-inch MacBook Pro lineup or perhaps significant enough improvements in Intel's GT2 tier to make it a viable primary option for low-end configurations. It's possible Intel will also be able to release some additional "refresh" Skylake chips with faster CPU speeds to extend the lifecycle of that family, but there's only so much that can be squeezed out of the current design. With the MacBook Pro set to receive a redesign at its next update as soon as next month, Apple could also be planning larger changes to the machine's internals than the largely drop-in chip upgrades we've seen in recent years, a shakeup that could make predicting Apple's plans from Intel's roadmaps a bit more difficult. Related Roundups: MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, Retina MacBook Buyer's Guide: MacBook Air (Don't Buy), MacBook Pro (Buy Now), MacBook (Neutral) [ 342 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Porco 8 weeks ago Here comes a thread filled with complaints over the lack of a new MBP and other new Macs. Because if we've learned one thing over the years, it's that complaining on MacRumors is how we get Apple to change things. It's a forum, people express their opinions. Complaints and praise are both valid opinions to hold and express. Sometimes it's ok to just say what you think to vent a little, without expecting Tim Cook to be reading and have an epiphany. ;):D Hopefully Apple will come up with solutions to this to suit everyone, but it seems clear their entire computer range is in need of updating, and it would be nice to think they'd been busy working on something special rather than just ignoring their existing line-up. Rating: 52 Votes mtneer 8 weeks ago Actually I would be happy if Apple updated the Mac's to today's processors, let alone worry about what is going to happen in 2018. Rating: 43 Votes skinned66 8 weeks ago Solution: Stop using ****** Intel graphics. Rating: 40 Votes OldSchoolMacGuy 8 weeks ago Here comes a thread filled with complaints over the lack of a new MBP and other new Macs. Because if we've learned one thing over the years, it's that complaining on MacRumors is how we get Apple to change things. Rating: 32 Votes rawweb 8 weeks ago Seems smart to just return to dedicated graphics. Seems most people would prefer it anyway. Rating: 26 Votes Good User Name 8 weeks ago So it seems that Apple really should just go for dedicated graphics chips then. Rating: 20 Votes asiga 8 weeks ago Apple is quite anti-GPU these days. If an Intel CPU doesn't have adequate integrated graphics, it will be skipped, because Apple won't reverse the path taken against discrete GPUs. I'd really wish that some major Apple customer would request a multimillion dollar shipment of Macs equipped with cutting-edge NVIDIA GPUs, but that kind of customers already moved to Linux. The main Mac user wears a watchie and chats with a phonie... that's the sad reality. Rating: 20 Votes Schranke 8 weeks ago HAHA what a BURN for the "waiting for kaby lake MBP" thread. They will never stop waiting... Best regards "Waiting for Skylake MBP" thread Rating: 17 Votes maflynn 8 weeks ago Apple needs to do something, doing nothing has not helped them. Just sitting there waiting for Intel is not a good business strategy. Rating: 17 Votes nilcoalescingoperator 8 weeks ago Can't wait for these Baby Kale chips! Rating: 14 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories First HomeKit-Enabled 'Smart Home Packages' Open to Homebuyers in San Jose 11 minutes ago on iOS Blog Homebuilding company KB Home today announced "the nation's first HomeKit-enabled community," which comes with the opportunity for buyers to build homes with Apple's HomeKit platform... 0 comments iHome Launching First Clock Radio That Can Charge Both an iPhone and Apple Watch 38 minutes ago on iOS Blog iHome has announced it will soon release the iPLWBT5, the first alarm clock radio featuring both Lightning and Apple Watch chargers. Audio can be played via the docked Lightning device,... 9 comments iPhone 7 Plus Stock Expected to Remain Tight Through Holiday Shopping Season 3 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple is unlikely to reach iPhone 7 supply and demand equilibrium by the end of the December quarter, suggesting stock will remain tight through the holiday shopping season, according to Piper... 24 comments Teardowns Confirm 13-Inch and 15-Inch Touch Bar MacBook Pros Have Non-Removable SSDs 4 hours ago on Mac Blog iFixit has completed its teardown of the new 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, confirming the notebook is equipped with a non-removable SSD just like the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. Only... 53 comments Apple Hires Former WSJ Reporter as Public Relations Director in China 5 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple has hired a former reporter and columnist for The Wall Street Journal, Wei Gu, to its public relations department in Shanghai, China. Gu's role, per LinkedIn (via TechCrunch) will be PR... 6 comments New Subscription Service 'Setapp' Will Offer 40+ Popular Mac Apps for $9.99 Per Month 21 hours ago on Mac Blog Setapp, an upcoming subscription service from MacPaw, aims to offer a Mac App Store alternative and change the way customers obtain software for their Macs. Setapp will make 40+ popular Mac apps... 49 comments Swift Playgrounds Updated With New Coding Lessons, Hour of Code Challenge 23 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple's Swift Playgrounds app received its first update today, introducing a new set of coding lessons and a few new features to enhance the coding experience. Included in the update is the... 15 comments Workflow for iOS Updated With Improved Gallery That Makes it Easier Than Ever to Automate Tasks 1 day ago on iOS Blog Popular automation app Workflow is being updated today with a new design, a much-improved Gallery experience, and a streamlined on-boarding process, all of which help to make the app more powerful... 15 comments • PlayStation Vue Now Available on Apple TV (80) • Twitter App Introduces Rich Notifications Support in iOS 10 (10) • Next Year's Dual-Camera iPhones Will Have Dual Optical Image Stabilization (26) • Privacy-Enabled Web Browser 'Firefox Focus' Launches on App Store With Automatic Ad Blocking (39) • Russian Authorities Order Internet Providers to Block LinkedIn Website (16) • Apple Explores Potential Chat Interactions With Siri in Messages Threads (14) • Facebook Halts Collection of WhatsApp User Data Across Europe (11)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter • Google+ Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade The Terrific 'Tennis Champs Returns' Is Finally Available on Android 'WWE SuperCard' Season 3 Update Now Available 'Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links' Has Soft Launched in Australia and Japan, With a Worldwide Release Scheduled for 2017 Cute Wall-Jumping Platformer 'Nekosan' by 1Button Updated with World 8 Upcoming 'Movie Studio Empire' Wants Your Movie Ideas We're Streaming iOS Games Live on Mobcrush [Offline] AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics CRM ANF Best Investments 2017 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Thursday’s Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) and Coty Inc (COTY) Options activity provides a bit of insight on AAPL, WFC and COTY stock By Joseph Hargett, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Sep 22, 2016, 8:56 am EST     Popular Posts: Monday’s Vital Data: Bank of America Corp (BAC), Facebook Inc (FB) and Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Thursday’s Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) and Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) 2 Post-Trump Trades for Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Earnings Recent Posts: Thursday’s Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) and Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Nike Inc (NKE) Stock Can’t Count on a Save From Santa Claus Wednesday’s Vital Data: Facebook Inc (FB), Chevron Corporation (CVX) and United States Steel Corporation (X) View All Posts U.S. stock futures are headed higher once again this morning, as Wall Street seems relieved that the Federal Reserve didn’t raise interest rates at this week’s Federal Open Market Committee meeting. However, Fed Chair Janet Yellen did indicate that a hike is likely before the end of the year. On the economic front today, weekly jobless claims, the August Chicago Fed national activity index, August existing home sales and August leading indicators are all slated for release later this morning. Against this backdrop, futures on the Dow Jones Industrial Average have added 0.44%, while S&P 500 futures are up 0.44% and Nasdaq-100 futures have risen 0.5%. Wednesday’s options activity was brisk, as traders reacted to the Fed’s decision to hold pat on interest rates for the time being. Overall, an above-average 17.8 million calls and 17.5 million puts changed hands on the session. On the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio rose to 0.63, while the 10-day moving average rebounded to 0.65. 9 Dividend Stocks for a Full Calendar of Safe Income Analyst action provided the fuel for Wednesday’s options volume, with Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) upgraded again on prospects for iPhone 7 unit sales, while Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE:WFC) was downgraded amid its latest fraud firestorm. Finally, Coty Inc (NYSE:COTY) options traders continued to pile into COTY after the stock was downgraded. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Apple received yet another upgrade in the wake of positive preorders reports for the iPhone 7. This time UBS lifted its price target on AAPL stock to $127 from $115; the consensus target is $124.91 according to Thomson/First Call. While UBS said it doesn’t see demand for the iPhone 7 coming in better than the iPhone 6, the brokerage cited “encouraging Evidence Lab analysis of search volumes” for the target hike. Additionally, UBS said that Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) isn’t seeing the same preorder demand as its competitors, lending a bit of caution to the research report. Options traders are also expressing a bit of caution on AAPL stock. Yesterday’s volume was strong, with 930,000 contracts changing hands. And while the fact that calls made up 63% of Wednesday’s activity would be a bullish indicator for most other stocks, for AAPL, it’s only par for the course. Emphasizing the point, Apple’s September/October put/call open interest ratio currently rests at 0.90, which is high for AAPL and indicates that puts and calls are in near parity among options set to expire within the next two months. Wells Fargo & Co. (WFC) Wells Fargo has really stepped in it this time, with reports of account fraud drawing severe scrutiny from federal regulators and Senate hearings. With pressure mounting on the company, analysts are reevaluating their positions, and J.P. Morgan decided to lower its stance on the banking giant. Citing the rising maelstrom around Wells Fargo, J.P. Morgan cut its price target to $48 from $53.50 — a move that runs counter to upgrades from Morgan Stanley and R.W. Baird in the past two sessions. The weight of the situation is even beginning to drag sentiment in the options pits lower. On Wednesday, WFC saw volume rise to nearly 428,000 contracts, with puts snapping up 58% of the day’s take. Short-term speculators have loaded up on out-of-the-money puts, with more than 12,000 of these bearish contracts accumulating at the $44 strike — a target that WFC could realistically hit before the close on Friday if the situation continues to escalate. Coty Inc. (COTY) Cosmetics company Coty has been a hotbed of speculation this week for options traders. The shares have plunged more than 19% since mid-August, but recently, COTY appears to be putting in a bottom near $24. Support in the $24 region was put to the test on Wednesday after Zacks downgraded the stock to “hold” from “strong buy.” Even Jim Cramer got in on the act, advising followers to sell COTY stock in favor of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Fitbit Inc (FIT) Stock Is in Tip-Top Shape Options traders appeared slightly hopeful for COTY on Wednesday, however. Total volume came in at nearly 219,000 contracts, with calls snapping up 53% of the day’s take. Looking out to October, call OI for COTY is focused on the $25 strike, where 2,500 contracts currently reside. By comparison, 3,800 puts are open at the October $24 strike for the same series. As of this writing, Joseph Hargett did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace 8 International Stocks Priced to Beat the U.S. The Top 10 S&P 500 Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/09/thursdays-vital-data-apple-inc-aapl-wells-fargo-co-wfc-coty-inc-coty/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks Investors Should Buy From the Scrap Heap Abercrombie & Fitch Is Beyond All Hope Will Apple iPhones Be Made in the USA? 10 Pharma Stocks That Are Prescribed Under Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains Why MacBook Pro Fans Are Angry (Again) Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Pharma Stocks Under President Donald Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains 3 Naked Puts to Generate a $1000 in Holiday Cash Don’t Give up on Twilio Inc (TWLO) Stock Just Yet! Most Popular Most Commented The 7 Best Tech Stocks in the World 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 S&P 500 Seeing Some Consolidation Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You Apple Inc. (AAPL) Angers New MacBook Pro Fans Yet Again Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
ICT news   Africa Southern Africa Angola Botswana Lesotho Madagascar Malawi Mozambique Namibia South Africa Swaziland Zimbabwe West Africa Benin Togo Burkina Faso Cameroon Cote D'Ivoire Ghana Guinea Mali Niger Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone East Africa Ethiopia Kenya Somalia Uganda South Sudan Sudan Tanzania Mauritius Seychelles North Africa Algeria Chad Egypt Libya Morocco Tunisia Central Africa Burundi DR Congo Rwanda Zambia International IT & Telecommunications Agriculture, Horticulture & Forestry Automotive Building & Construction CSI & Sustainability Education & Training Energy & Mining Finance & Insurance Healthcare Human Resources & Recruitment Legal Lifestyle & Entertainment Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property & Real Estate Retail Tourism, Travel & Hospitality International Search for: Global technology trends shaping the modern workplace 22 Sep 2016 | Save | Email | Print |  PDF     The European and South African findings from the Dell and Intel Future Workforce Study have been revealed, which identifies the global technology trends shaping the modern workplace. The results show that almost half of employees in these regions believe their current employer is not effectively making use of the latest technology advances. ©dotshock via 123RFThe study, conducted by research firm PSB, polled nearly 4,000 full-time employees from small, medium and large businesses in 10 countries. Of those polled in the UK, Germany, France and South Africa, many do not believe that they will be working in a smart office within the next five years and perceived their current workplace technology as lagging behind personal devices on innovation. With the research showing that the influx of new technology is having a significant impact on what workers expect from their employer, workplaces which don’t enact these new advances may be left behind. Technology has already had a huge impact on how we interact in the workplace, with, many employees - most notably a staggering 67% of millennials in South Africa - believing that face-to-face meetings will become obsolete. Innovative technologies, such as the Internet of Things (IoT) and virtual reality (VR), could also become vital to the workplace of the near future, affecting how we collaborate and work more efficiently. "Today’s workforce has a growing expectation that their employers integrate the latest technologies seamlessly and securely into their working lives," said Chris Buchanan, client solutions director, Dell South Africa. "Employees have seen first-hand the ways new technologies can help them do their jobs better, and are hungry to use the latest advancements to be more productive. While this may seem daunting to many employers, it’s a business-critical opportunity for companies to be at the forefront of the future workplace and enable the future workforce." Study highlights: • Regional results show that employees, especially in South Africa (67%) and the UK (47%), feel their office technology is not smart enough (compared to 44% of employees worldwide). While workers are ready for businesses to implement the latest technologies to make their offices smarter, with data used to control office temperature, lighting, etc., expectations are mixed on whether it will happen within the next five years. Advertisement • Despite the attraction of new technologies, people still prefer in-person workspace communications, though they fear this will soon be a thing of the past. 61% of South Africans agree that the growing popularity of remote working, together with improved technology, will lead to face-to-face interactions becoming obsolete. • Remote working is increasingly viewed as providing both quality of life and productivity benefits, and technology is seen as an essential enabler. 66% of South Africans who work remotely compared to 50% who work in offices say their job is a core part of their identity. Technology has allowed people to change their lifestyles and, in turn, this has affected their work styles and preferences. With these changes, employers should think about offering more flexible work arrangements to keep up with this evolution to cater to the mobile worker. Employees are also aware that the advances that allow these new working arrangements to exist will require new security and infrastructure; European and South African respondents list advanced security as the single most important technology to be implemented in their workplace. • Virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) innovations could impact the workplace sooner than we think as 61% of employees in South Africa would be willing to use VR/AR in their professional lives. The most frequently cited user cases for the new technologies include training on new skills in realistic virtual environments (25%), problem solving or coming up with new ideas through 3D visualisation (18%) and presenting to clients using immersive technologies (15%). Additionally, over half of employees in South Africa (52%) believe that the introduction of artificial intelligence (AI) will make their jobs easier. • When it comes to acquiring and retaining talent, technology matters, especially for millennials in South Africa with 1 in 3 willing to quit their jobs if the technology provided by their employer is substandard. Millennials in South Africa (up to 39% in South Africa) also say that a new job’s available technology would affect their decision on whether to take or decline the position. • South Africans recognise and are attracted to the entrepreneurial spirit of the sharing economy. 76% of South Africans will participate in the sharing economy by next year. How is work today? The Future Workforce Study from Dell Incentive to modernise "The Dell and Intel Future Workforce Study highlights how much the new generations of workers consider technology a key factor in career selection and satisfaction. As much as in the past the work environment was considered key to employee happiness and a factor in productivity, so today technology and work flexibility using such technology are now critical considerations," said Steven Ambrose, CEO of Strategy Worx. "The quality and sophistication of consumer-focused technology are at such an advanced state and have become so ubiquitous for most users, companies now have no choice but to offer the same or better options to their workforce as a matter of course. Companies that understand this trend and respond to it will hire, retain talent, and succeed, where those that don’t will fade and fail." "The massive changes that are occurring in the workplace are like a tale of two cities; those companies that are modernising, especially with mobility, will attract and retain top talent, those who don’t will create employee frustration, lower productivity and employee unhappiness," said Bob Egan, chief analyst, founder, Sepharim Research Group. "The Future Workforce Study discovered that millennials are driving massive changes in how and where work gets done, use multiple devices, and prefer to work away from a traditional office. The result is an important mandate for CIOs to modernise the infrastructure, redefine their security perimeter and device provision strategies." About the study: Dell and Intel commissioned PSB to conduct the Future Workforce Study with 3,801 full-time employees (work over 35 hours a week) of small, medium and large-sized organizations - distributed across 10 countries (US, UK, France, Germany, Japan, Brazil, China, India, Canada and South Africa) and seven target industries (education, government, financial services, healthcare, manufacturing, media & entertainment and retail). The quantitative survey was conducted between 5 April and 3 May 2016. ‹    Like Save Email Print PDF Advertisement Comment on thisComment Comment guidelines and disclaimer LEGAL DISCLAIMER: This Message Board accepts no liability of legal consequences that arise from the Message Boards (e.g. defamation, slander, or other such crimes). All posted messages are the sole property of their respective authors. The maintainer does retain the right to remove any message posts for whatever reasons. People that post messages to this forum are not to libel/slander nor in any other way depict a company, entity, individual(s), or service in a false light; should they do so, the legal consequences are theirs alone. Bizcommunity.com will disclose authors' IP addresses to authorities if compelled to do so by a court of law. Read more: mobile workforce, Intel, Dell, virtual reality, technology trends, Steven Ambrose, business trends, Millennials, artificial intelligence, business technology, Chris Buchanan Related 12th Annual ICT Summit to grace East London Tech is reshaping workforce roles, demographics and expectations GeoJozi Challenge winners bag R300k Teraco sets sights on 50-megawatt data centre News Show more [Desktop site][Go to top] Subscribe to newsletter Invite a friend Contact us About us Send us news Advertising rates sales@bizcommunity.com 0860 812 000 +27 (0)86 552 3703 News News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Latest newsletter Most read MyBiz My newsfeed My profile Edit my profile My favourites My connections My groups My followers Following people Press offices Press office news Press offices Press office listings Press office info Jobs Jobs offered Jobs wanted My saved jobs My CV Recruiters Companies recruiting Submit a job Recruitment login Events All events Industry events Workshops Other Calendar Submit event Contributors Articles Contributors A-Z People Find people People you may know Invite people Edit my profile Companies Company listings Associations My company Press offices Lifestyle Multimedia Image Submit gallery Biztakeouts Radio Advertising rates My Account Contact us
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   General Micro Systems Press Release Receive press releases from General Micro Systems: By Email RSS Feeds: General Micro Systems Introduces Latest Fully Isolated, Rugged Multi-Domain Red/Black Server with Intel® Xeon® D and Removable Drives Small and extremely lightweight, the Golden-Eyes II SB2002-MD features fully isolated, Red/Black network and server domains, independent power supplies, Intel Xeon processor D with up to 16 cores and 64GB of DDR4 RAM, and a mixture of high and low-speed I/O San Diego, CA, September 22, 2016 --(PR.com)-- General Micro Systems, Inc. (GMS) today announced the availability of the “Golden-Eyes II” SB2002-MD multi-domain server, the latest in the “Golden-Eyes” family of ultra-rugged, small, and extremely lightweight computer systems. The Golden-Eyes II SB2002-MD features two fully isolated and separate Red (non-secure) and Black (classified) network and server domains, and separate power supplies. The unit is ideal for isolated processing, virtual machines, MILS-targeted red/black separated networks, redundant host processors, or any system requiring separated or dual-class CPU configurations. The Golden-Eyes II SB2002-MD fully supports multi-domain, NSA-secure architecture, and features two completely independent Intel® Xeon® D-based servers each with up to 16 cores, and up to 64GB of DDR4 memory with Error Correcting Code (ECC). Designed to withstand harsh outdoor environments where it may be fully exposed to rain, sun, dirt, and in the case of military applications battlefield shock and vibration, the Golden-Eyes II SB2002-MD is the next generation of the Golden-Eyes SB1002-MD, currently widely deployed in Army MUM-T2 vehicles, robots, and UAVs. Independent Power Supplies, High Speed I/O & SSD Enhancements The Golden-Eyes II SB2002-MD offers truly independent, electrically isolated power supplies as each domain is equipped with its own MIL-STD-1275 power conditioning module (PCM). The high speed connector allows for reliable high-speed I/O access and supports two channels of 10 Gigabit Ethernet and USB 3.0, enabling product modification for future high-speed technology requirements. Each domain’s removable 2.5” SATA or NVMe SSD features an enhanced door design and sealed drive bay, offering users the ability to easily access, open and pull the drive in seconds, while system internals remain protected. An optional fixed M.2 SSD for the operating system is also available. “Building on our unprecedented modular approach with our computing engines, Golden-Eyes II packs an incredible amount of processing, networking, storage, and more in an incredibly small package,” said GMS CEO Benjamin Sharfi. “In my 35 years in the defense electronics industry, I have never been more proud of a product than this one, as we were able to move from concept to deployable project within one year.” Smallest Footprint, RuggedCoolSM Technology At 133 cubic inches, and only 10 pounds, the Golden-Eyes II SB2002-MD offers the industry’s greatest computing density in one footprint with multiple independent computers, multiple cores, and dual RAM banks. Equipped with the industry’s most unique conduction-cooling technique, GMS’s patent-pending RuggedCoolSM technology, the SB2002-MD is the only system that operates from -40°C to +75°C, or +85°C with the use of a thermal accessory. By providing the lowest thermal resistance to the case, RuggedCoolSM keeps the CPU within temperature limits at full load, while still providing the highest shock specifications known in the industry. The Golden-Eyes II SB2002-MD is a stand-alone, fan-less system and is mounted directly to a metal cold plate surface, providing a reliable conductive thermal path. Pricing & Availability Designed for military, defense and aerospace, industrial, and medical applications, the Golden-Eyes II SB2002-MD is available in quantity starting at $27,000. GMS will be demonstrating the SB2002-MD, along with its additional computing systems, smart panel PCs and displays, servers, and network/routing/switch equipment at booth # 7549 at the upcoming Association of the United States Army (AUSA) Conference October 3-5, 2016 in Washington, DC. For more information regarding GMS products, please visit: www.gms4sbc.com Additional Golden-Eyes II SB2002-MD press materials can be found at: https://www.gms4sbc.com/products/systems/item/sb2002-md High resolution product photos available here: www.gms4sbc.com/press/SB2002-MD Reader Service Contact: Jonathan Malaney 772-266-4015 ext. 402, jmalaney@gmseast.com About General Micro Systems: General Micro Systems (GMS) is the industry expert in highest-density, modular, compute-intensive, and rugged small form-factor embedded computing systems, servers, and switches. These powerful systems are ideal for demanding C4ISR defense, aerospace, medical, industrial, and energy exploration applications. GMS is an IEC, AS9100, and MIL-SPEC supplier with infrastructure and operations for long-life, spec-controlled, and configuration-managed programs. Designed from the ground up to provide the highest performance and functionality in the harshest environments on the planet, the company’s highly customizable products include GMS Rugged DNA™ with patented RuggedCoolSM cooling technology. GMS is also the leader in deployable high-end Intel® processors and a proud Intel partner since 1986. For more information, visit www.gms4sbc.com General Micro Systems and the General Micro Systems logo are trademarks of General Micro Systems, Inc. All other product or service names are the property of their respective owners. ©2016 General Micro Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Media Contacts: General Micro Systems Chris Ciufo 360-921-7556 cciufo@gms4sbc.com Hughes Communications, Inc. Janice Hughes 705-774-8686 janice@hughescom.net Contact Information General Micro Systems Chris Ciufo 360-921-7556 Contact www.gms4sbc.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from General Micro Systems Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO 100 e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO CIO upfront: Pokémon Go craze raises questions on how augmented reality affects real-world rights and responsibilities CIO upfront: Pokémon Go craze raises questions on how augmented reality affects real-world rights and responsibilities How can the law keep up with what might seem (at least to some lawyers) like science fiction? Toby Gee of MinterEllisonRuddWatts explores the subject. Edited by Divina Paredes (CIO New Zealand) 23 September, 2016 07:00 - - - - print email Comments Augmented reality technology is another test for the law’s age-old struggle to keep up with innovation. Toby Gee, MinterEllisonRuddWatts Augmented reality (AR), the technology behind Pokémon Go, creates a virtual world that overlaps with the physical, so users can interact with a combination of both worlds in real time. AR has been flagged as a technology poised to profoundly affect the way we interact with computers. Pokémon Go is the recent success story of AR games, catapulting AR technology into the mainstream. However, it is not the first, nor is it the only example of AR. The technology has been around since the 1960s; other games for smartphones have preceded Pokémon Go (including a New Zealand AR children’s game); and tech heavyweights like Google and Intel have headworn AR devices available or in development. The chief executive of Niantic (the company that created Pokémon Go) has said he wants one day to be able to play Pokémon Go with contact lenses. But what happens when this real-virtual hybrid world causes interference with people’s lives in the real world? Can the producers of the technology be blamed for it? How can the law keep up with what might seem (at least to some lawyers) like science fiction? Virtual objects and real-world property Pokémon Go requires users to move around in the physical world to complete tasks in the virtual world – such as catching virtual creatures known as ‘Pokémon’. So the virtual world of Pokémon Go influences where users go in the real world. Given the large numbers of people playing Pokémon Go, this can have negative consequences. At least three separate class action lawsuits have been filed by dissatisfied homeowners in Canada and the United States, suing Niantic for the disruption caused by players trespassing or requesting access to their properties to look for virtual creatures on their mobile devices. Some churches in the UK are unimpressed with disruptions caused by Pokémon Go users, and Cologne Cathedral in Germany is reportedly taking legal action after Niantic refused to remove it from the game. Other complaints have been raised in relation to the location of Pokémon and Pokémon Go landmarks, for example ‘Pokémon stops’ – where the virtual creatures can be found – in places like war memorials. German authorities want Pokémon stops located past airport security controls deleted, Iran has banned the game entirely, and Israel has banned its military from using it. So what is the extent of Niantic’s liability for where it puts its virtual objects? The game warns users to respect private property, and Niantic has a complaints process (although it has rejected some complaints). Do these steps absolve its liability? Should there be a positive duty to place stops only in locations where large numbers of people playing Pokémon Go would not be harmful, or perhaps only on public property? The homeowners’ lawsuits are in the early stages, and with limited information it is difficult to see what legal traction they may have. Read more ​These 5 personal technologies will break away from the hype and disrupt your business: Gartner AR can influence real-world property rights by affecting people’s actions. There could be other property implications, however, particularly if the technology becomes more prevalent in our day-to-day lives, such that it becomes common to view the world through a device that overlays a virtual world over the real. The appearance of any real-world object might then be affected by the appearance of a virtual object; for example, virtual graffiti could be daubed on buildings. If a billboard is overlaid by different virtual advertising, will the billboard’s owner have legal recourse? Toby Gee of MinterEllisonRuddWatts What happens when this real-virtual hybrid world causes interference with people’s lives in the real world? Can the producers of the technology be blamed for it? Personal injury Read more State of the CIO 2016 (part 2): Emerging tools, evolving roles for the digital era Pokémon Go is played by users holding their smartphone out in front of them, and also, of course, requires users to move around. This combination of activities has proven harmful, with several reports of personal injury from distracted users. Police in various countries have warned against driving while playing Pokémon Go – for good cause, as a woman was killed in Japan by a driver playing the game. Other concerns exist as to players’ ability to place “lures”, which attract Pokémon (and therefore users). This has obvious risks if used maliciously: there have been reports of robberies initiated by such a tactic, and concerns about potential dangers to children. The state of New York has banned registered sex offenders from using the app, requesting Niantic to remove Pokémon Go users who are on the public register (which may or may not prove an effective policy). Niantic is undoubtedly aware of some of these risks: Pokémon Go’s terms and conditions include an extensive indemnity clause whereby users agree to indemnify Niantic, and the app warns users to pay attention to their surroundings. The question is whether these steps are enough. Undoubtedly, with AR technology, users are individually responsible for the consequences of their actions. But conceivably the producer could also be responsible for the foreseeable activity of its players, either individually or collectively. Parties affected by users of a game might find the producer a better avenue for recovering damages than individuals. Such a suit could be extremely expensive: it will involve novel liability issues; there may scope for a class actions; and many jurisdictions might be affected. The scale of users (an estimated 30 million) and the associated profits for Niantic are such that, in some jurisdictions at least, more class actions seem likely. AR technology is another test for the law’s age-old struggle to keep up with innovation. Of course, the law has already engaged with legal problems from the virtual world, in situations such as cyber bullying, spam emails and digital file sharing (with mixed success). AR throws up a variety of legal issues, not only those discussed here, but issues relating to privacy, cybersecurity, intellectual property and property rights in virtual objects. Time, as well as the way AR technology develops, will tell how the law will address the potential negative consequences of the AR technology so that its positive features can be exercised without undue adverse effects – or at least with legal recourse where they occur. Read more What to do when ICT contracts turn feral Toby Gee is a Special Counsel at MinterEllisonRuddWatts, and represents insurers, corporates, government entities and individuals in claims at all levels. He specialises in insurance, professional risks, commercial/contract claims, engineering and construction, product liability and medico-legal matters. Send news tips and comments to divina_paredes@idg.co.nz Follow Divina Paredes on Twitter: @divinap Follow CIO New Zealand on Twitter:@cio_nz Sign up for CIO newsletters for regular updates on CIO news, views and events. Join the CIO New Zealand group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO New Zealand newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags augmented realityNiantic Labslegal ITPokemonMinterEllisonRuddWattsvirtual reality More about CounselGoogleIntelTwitter Editor's Recommendations Battling trolls, unconscious bias and asking the right questions Liz Maguire of ANZ Bank: Taking customers on a digital journey SAS CEO Dr Jim Goodnight on the power of big data, literacy and philanthropy Why your next C-level hire is the Chief Data Officer Stephen Bowe of Bank of New Zealand: The digital catalyst Leadership for learning: A CIO's commitment Read more Veeam Resources Centre Symantec Agile Data Centre Related Whitepapers EMA Survey Report Technology is driving Australia's STEM revolution. Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Are you ready for the Augmented Future? High alert: Dealing with a natural disaster ​Google Chrome will block thousands of sites using SHA-1 certs from January ... CSO Online CMO-CIO Roundtable: Shifting digital from end enablement to whole-of-business strategy Inaugural CMO-CIO Exchange: Shifting the dial from digital disruption to customer innovation Microsoft adds Kubernetes support to Azure Container Service Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2016 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World Computerworld Reseller News
Trending:Doctor Strange | Rogue One | Infinite Warfare About Write For Us Movies Before I Fall Trailer Finds Zoey Deutch Stuck In A Nightmarish Time Loop The Death Star Looms Large On Stylish Empire Cover For Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Exclusive Video Interview: Casey Affleck Talks Manchester By The Sea Don't Expect The Flash To Reach The Peak Of His Powers In 2018 Solo Movie Geek Out: Harley Quinn Spinoff, New Kong Trailer, The Inhumans Are Coming To ABC And More View All News Movie Reviews Life On The Line Review The Take Review Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Review Gaming Hideo Kojima Set To Collect Industry Icon Award At The Game Awards 2016 Tactical Epic Dynasty Warriors: Godseekers Announced For January 2017 Release Storm The Beaches Of Scarif With First Look At Star Wars Battlefront's Rogue One DLC Get A Taste Of Super Mario Maker 3DS' Near Endless Content In Latest Overview Trailer Alan Wake And Quantum Break Developer Remedy Entertainment Teases New Game View All News Gaming Reviews Dishonored 2 Review Cartoon Network: Battle Crashers Review Root Letter Review TV Carrie Returns To Home Soil On First Homeland Season 6 Poster, Watch New Featurette Geek Out: Harley Quinn Spinoff, New Kong Trailer, The Inhumans Are Coming To ABC And More Luke Cage Returns To New York City In Latest The Defenders Set Photos First Look At Better Call Saul Season 3 Heralds The Return Of Slippin' Jimmy Synopses For Four-Night DC TV Crossover Released, Including 100th Episode Of Arrow View All News TV Reviews Teen Wolf Season 6 Review Sweet/Vicious Season 1 Review Good Behavior Season 1 Review Blu-Ray New Suicide Squad Extended Cut Featurette Focuses On The Twisted History Of Harley Quinn 10 Scenes You Need To See In Suicide Squad's Extended Cut Justice League Dark Release Date, Cover Art And Featurettes Revealed New Images Show Off Suicide Squad's Extended Cut Justice League Dark Trailer Released, R-Rating Confirmed View All News Blu-Ray Reviews Captain America: Civil War Blu-Ray Review Batman: The Killing Joke Blu-Ray Review Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice Ultimate Edition Blu-Ray Review Music Justice's Third Studio Album Woman Is Finally Here Insomniac Reveals Details For EDC Las Vegas 2017 The Weeknd Drops "Party Monster" And "I Feel It Coming" From Upcoming Starboy Album The Weeknd Reveals Official Tracklist For Starboy Ultra Music Festival Surprises With Phase One Lineup Announcement View All News Music Reviews Zeds Dead - Northern Lights Review OneRepublic - Oh My My Review Green Day - Revolution Radio Review Videos Exclusive Video Interview: Casey Affleck Talks Manchester By The Sea TV Talk: The Walking Dead 7x04 "Service" Review Exclusive Video Interview: Miles Teller Talks Bleed For This Geek Out: Deadpool 3, Dazzling Valerian Trailer, Wonder Woman's Love Interest And More Geek Out: The Walking Dead Gets An Extended Episode, New Wonder Woman Trailer And More View All Videos TV Talk: The Walking Dead 7x03 "The Cell" Review TV Talk: Supergirl 2x04 "Survivors" Review TV Talk: The Walking Dead 7x02 "The Well" Review Geek Out: The Walking Dead Leaked Scene, New Wonder Woman Trailer And More Reviews Life On The Line Review The Take Review Dishonored 2 Review Cartoon Network: Battle Crashers Review Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Review View All Reviews Teen Wolf Season 6 Review Root Letter Review True Memoirs Of An International Assassin Review Sweet/Vicious Season 1 Review Featured PS4 Pro Vs. PlayStation VR Vs. 4K TV: What's The Best Way To Spend $400 This Fall? 10 Scenes You Need To See In Suicide Squad's Extended Cut Why Nintendo Must Kill The 3DS If Switch Is To Succeed 6 Key Things We Learned In The First Ghost In The Shell Trailer DC TV Roundup: An Alien Apokolips & Prometheus' Identity Revealed? View All Features 8 Superhero Movie Crossovers We'd Love To See At Some Point Here's Why The PlayStation 4 Needs To Step Up Its Game 10 Things We Know So Far About How To Train Your Dragon 3 Why Call Of Duty: Infinite Warfare Cynicism Is Being Encouraged Food   Subscribe to our newsletter Arrival Cinematographer Bradford Young Boards Han Solo Spinoff Movie At Disney Green Band Trailer For Bad Santa 2 Reins In The Debauchery Only A Little Home / gaming Capcom Announces Resident Evil 7 PC System Requirements By Shaan Joshi @KneehighPark 2 months ago 0 x While much of Resident Evil 7 is still shrouded in mystery, Capcom has pulled back the curtain on the PC version, specifically, with the game’s system requirements. As detailed on its Steam page, minimum and recommended system specs have been added for the game, though Capcom is quick to point out that these are still subject to change, as Resident Evil 7 is still in development at this point. Taking a look at the minimum specs, the game will run on an Intel i5-4460 or AMD FX-6300, coupled with a Nvidia GTX 760 or AMD Radeon R7 260x, which is fairly low by today’s standards. Memory wise, 8 GB of RAM is required, along with any modern version of Windows (7, 8, 8.1, or 10, 64-bit versions only). These minimum specs target a rendering resolution of 1080p with a framerate of 30 frames per second. On the other hand, the recommended specs target a full 60 frames per second (once again at 1080p), though you won’t need high-end hardware to hit this target. GPU-wise, an Nvidia GTX 960 or AMD Radeon R9 280x is recommended, although the same 8 GB of RAM is listed. When it comes to CPUs, Capcom recommends an Intel Core i7 3770 or better, although there’s no mention of an equivalent AMD processor. While the mention of an i7 might turn some heads, it’s worth noting that the most recent line of i5 processors have been shown to compete with older-generation i7s, without requiring any sort of overclocking. Resident Evil 7: Biohazard is set to release next year on January 24, for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Microsoft Windows. MORE NEWS FROM THE WEB Promoted Content TRENDING Articles Topics Videos Every 2016 Superhero Movie Ranked From Worst To Best 6 Key Things We Learned In The First Ghost In The Shell Trailer 10 Scenes You Need To See In Suicide Squad’s Extended Cut The Walking Dead Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Doctor Strange ghost in the shell Justice League Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Nintendo Switch Logan Full Trailer For Ghost In The Shell Is Chock-Full Of Cyberpunk Goodness Exclusive Video Interview: Miles Teller Talks Bleed For This TV Talk: The Walking Dead 7×04 “Service” Review All Posts Read More Music Justice’s Third Studio Album Woman Is Finally Here November 18, 2016 Read More Movies Before I Fall Trailer Finds Zoey Deutch Stuck In A Nightmarish Time Loop November 18, 2016 Read More Music Insomniac Reveals Details For EDC Las Vegas 2017 November 18, 2016 Read More Movies The Death Star Looms Large On Stylish Empire Cover For Rogue One: A Star Wars Story November 18, 2016 Read More Movies Exclusive Video Interview: Casey Affleck Talks Manchester By The Sea November 18, 2016 Read More TV Carrie Returns To Home Soil On First Homeland Season 6 Poster, Watch New Featurette November 18, 2016 Read More Movies Life On The Line Review November 18, 2016 Read More Movies Don’t Expect The Flash To Reach The Peak Of His Powers In 2018 Solo Movie November 18, 2016 Read More Movies Geek Out: Harley Quinn Spinoff, New Kong Trailer, The Inhumans Are Coming To ABC And More November 18, 2016 Read More Movies Poignant First Trailer For The Zookeeper’s Wife Thrusts Jessica Chastain Into World War II November 18, 2016 Read More Gaming Hideo Kojima Set To Collect Industry Icon Award At The Game Awards 2016 November 18, 2016 Read More Movies Dreamy New Stills And Trailer For La La Land Dance Online November 18, 2016 Read More Movies Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Eyeing A $200 Million Opening November 18, 2016 Read More Music The Weeknd Drops “Party Monster” And “I Feel It Coming” From Upcoming Starboy Album November 17, 2016 Read More Movies Clay Enos’ Suicide Squad Portraits Put The Spotlight On The Members Of Task Force X November 17, 2016 Loading more posts... No more posts. Subscribe to our Newsletter From the web TRENDING Articles Topics Videos Every 2016 Superhero Movie Ranked From Worst To Best 6 Key Things We Learned In The First Ghost In The Shell Trailer 10 Scenes You Need To See In Suicide Squad’s Extended Cut The Walking Dead Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Doctor Strange ghost in the shell Justice League Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Nintendo Switch Logan Full Trailer For Ghost In The Shell Is Chock-Full Of Cyberpunk Goodness Exclusive Video Interview: Miles Teller Talks Bleed For This TV Talk: The Walking Dead 7×04 “Service” Review
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Rockland Westchester Sports Opinion Homes food Obituaries Photo-Video Life Health Archives USA TODAY More Home News Rockland Westchester Sports Opinion Homes food Obituaries Photo-Video Life Health Archives USA TODAY Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest For Kaloyeros, an empire falls Alain Kaloyeros was the architect of a vision: create an Albany nanocenter owned by the state, but it fell apart. Post to Facebook For Kaloyeros, an empire falls  Alain Kaloyeros was the architect of a vision: create an Albany nanocenter owned by the state, but it fell apart.  Check out this story on lohud.com: http://lohud.us/2d3Oy16 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. For Kaloyeros, an empire falls Politics on the Hudson Joseph Spector , Albany Bureau Chief 4:20 p.m. EDT September 23, 2016 39 Shares Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share SUNY Polytechnic Institute President Alain Kaloyeros was arraigned in Albany City Court on Friday. ALBANY - Alain Kaloyeros was the architect of a vision: Create an Albany nanocenter owned by the state, but used by the largest private high-tech companies in the world for research and development. It’s a model that brought Kaloyeros extraordinary praise and money — and the vision has spread to facilities in Buffalo, Rochester, Canandaigua, Syracuse and Utica. It also appears to have given him something else: unchecked power. And that may be his undoing after he was charged Thursday with nine others in a sweeping corruption case that accused Kaloyeros of bid rigging in state and federal courts. "I think fundamentally it’s a question of accountability," said Assembly Majority Leader Joseph Morelle, D-Irondequoit, who battled with Kaloyeros over the $600 million Rochester photonics center. "In government, you need to ensure accountability and that one person does not have the ability to make decisions unilaterally." ► SUNY Poly's power extends into shadowy world ► 10 charged in sweeping New York corruption cases ► Photonics HQ squabble a clash of egos Kaloyeros, 60, who built the SUNY Polytechnic Institute into an Albany-based juggernaut, was put on unpaid leave Thursday by SUNY. On Friday, Cuomo stripped SUNY Poly of its oversight of projects across upstate New York. Kaloyeros appeared Friday morning in a crowded Albany city courtroom, where he was arraigned on three state felony charges. He was released on his own recognizance after his attorneys noted he posted bail Thursday in federal court. After a two-minute arraignment, Kaloyeros silently exited the courtroom, whispering to his attorneys as a swarm of television cameras and reporters followed him to an awaiting blue sedan. As they walked, Mike Miller, Kaloyeros' attorney, said his client is not guilty, declining further comment. In a statement late Thursday, Miller noted Kaloyeros' accomplishments. Alain Kaloyeros, president of SUNY Polytechnic Institute leaves Albany City Courthouse following his arraignment on state charges on Friday, Sept. 23, 2016, in Albany, N.Y. (Will Waldron/The Albany Times Union via AP)  (Photo: Will Waldron, AP) Dr. Nano Kaloyeros was known for usually being the highest-paid employee in state government, typically earning more than $1 million a year. He drove Italian sports cars, had the license plate "Dr. Nano," and talked tough. He was also known for being able beat out other states to land major deals with global corporations, including IBM, Intel and GlobalFoundries, who all have operations at the Albany nanocenter. "These charges can’t be reconciled with Dr. Kaloyeros’ robust leadership of the SUNY Polytechnic Institute, Fort Schuyler and Fuller Road," Miller said, referring to nonprofits controlled by SUNY Poly. "Over the past three decades, Dr. Kaloyeros has done everything within his power to make SUNY a beacon amongst academic institutions focused on cutting edge technology and science." But Kaloyeros' model of having the state own the high-tech facilities and work with the private sector is drawing a new round of criticism. The criminal charges alleged Kaloyeros was part of a bid-rigging scheme that benefited major developers in Buffalo, Syracuse and Albany. He was charged with one federal count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and three state counts of combination in restraint of trade and competition. Working in the shadows In the state case by Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, Kaloyeros is accused of steering contracts to an Albany-area developer, Columbia Development, for a SUNY Poly facility. In one email, Kaloyeros told Columbia's President Joseph Nicolla of the details of an unreleased request for proposals for a dormitory project, court records showed. Nicolla has also been charged. "This self-serving scheme alleged in the complaint was particularly egregious because it was aimed at enriching powerful people at the expense of the state’s public university system," Schneiderman said in a statement. The problem, some officials said, is that Kaloyeros was able to set up two nonprofit corporations, Fort Schuyler and Fuller Road, that ran SUNY Poly's empire. The corporations were able to largely operate in secret, allowing for contracts to be awarded with little public oversight. In the case of Fort Schuyler, the federal charges indicate that LPCiminelli in Buffalo and COR Development in Syracuse had "preferred developer" status for state contracts. Officials from both companies were also charged by U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara in the scheme. The corporations "were intended to and did evade all the protections that would have prevented this mess," said former Assemblyman Richard Brodsky, D-Greenburgh, Westchester County. He added, "When you privatize public functions, you lose the protection of laws that work. The notion that large institutions like ESDC (Empire State Development) or SUNY were able to do this by creating nonprofit corporations is at the heart of the thing that needs reform here. Cuomo on Friday said the bidding system will be revamped, saying it was established before his administration, saying Kaloyeros worked for five governors, starting as a SUNY Albany professor. "He did a lot of work for a lot of governors through SUNY, and a lot of good work, I might add, using that process," Cuomo said "Was there a reason to revisit the process at SUNY? There wasn’t. It was in place. It was working well," Cuomo continued -- until now. Future without him Now there are questions about whether Kaloyeros' empire can be sustained without him. Cuomo  leaned on Kaloyeros to help the governor revive the upstate economy, but that also may have led to part of Kaloyeros' demise. The court papers suggested Kaloyeros hired Todd Howe, a lobbyist and former aide to Cuomo at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, in part to build up a relationship with Cuomo. Kaloyeros had feared Cuomo could replace him or neutralize his power, Bharara's office alleged. Howe and Kaloyeros then arranged for lucrative contracts to go to LPCiminelli and COR, upstate developers who are major donors to Cuomo's campaign and also were paying Howe. Cuomo's former top aide, Joseph Percoco, meanwhile, also received $35,000 from COR. Both Howe and Percoco have also been charged, and Howe already pleased guilty to a eight-count indictment. In the state case, Schneiderman said Kaloyeros stood to benefit from a deal with Columbia Development, an Albany-area developer who promised to contribute research money to SUNY Poly. Kaloyeros' compensation with the SUNY Research Foundation was in part based on the research money he brought in, Schneiderman said. SUNY Poly has been a critical piece the Buffalo Billion initiative, the Rochester photonics center, a massive nanotech facility in Utica and construction projects in Syracuse. The college is also closely tied to IBM and GlobalFoundries, which runs a sprawling chip manufacturer near Saratoga and now owns much of IBM's footprint in Dutchess County. Former Assemblyman Ronald Canestrari, D-Cohoes, Albany County, said Kaloyeros should be credited for his vision and will leave a void in the state's economic development. "He is a visionary without a doubt," Canestrari said. "He did a tremendous amount for our area, not only in terms of tax revenue, but job creation as well. "That’s the sad part of it. He has an unfinished agenda that may not be realized." Read or Share this story: http://lohud.us/2d3Oy16 Most Popular IBM campus in Somers sells for roughly $32 million Actress Kimberly Williams-Paisley's mom has died Jurors reject Chamberlain wrongful-death suit, find shooting justified State comptroller questions Rockland's proposed budget New Rochelle high-rise sold for $149M NYC holiday store windows 2016: What you'll see
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesCelebrate Startups At TechCrunch's Awards Show This February Grab Your Tickets Today Artificial Intelligence How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming Student’s iDentifi app puts object recognition in the hands of the visually impaired Reach Robotics’ MekaMon is now ready to rumble in augmented reality Browse more... 5G wireless Computer Vision Student’s iDentifi app puts object recognition in the hands of the visually impaired Rokid, the assistant that can see, hear and sing raises $50M at $450M valuation TVision raises $6.8M to take on Nielsen with thermal eye and emotion tracking tech Browse more... mixed reality How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming Best Buy bets on VR for the holidays with 500 stores demoing Oculus Rift HTC’s Mixed Reality demo shows onlookers what it’s like to experience VR Browse more... autonomous vehicles BMW and Baidu’s self-driving car partnership has reportedly run out of gas Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech Oryx nano antennas allow autonomous cars to see farther, better Browse more... Crunch Network The 5 technologies that are going to define the next decade in cities Posted Sep 23, 2016 by Colin O’Donnell (@colin_odonnell) 0 SHARES Next Story Gillmor Gang LIVE 09.23.16 Colin O’Donnell Crunch Network Contributor Colin O’Donnell is the chief innovation officer of Intersection. More posts by this contributor: Bad UX kills In the singularity, we’ll still be using the same garbage trucks How to join the network Cities have always been hubs of technological experimentation, shaped by the people who inhabit them and the tools they use. We can still see the marks, both charming and garish, from technologies of years past — from old aqueducts to telephone booths to the damage done by cars. The next wave of real-time technologies that will define the next decade are software (rather than hardware) upgrades to the city that will nonetheless transform the way we work, play and live in our physical environments — our “brick and mortar” cities. And these technologies, each transformative in their own right, when used in combination to develop new products and experiences, will have a multiplying effect on the rate of change we see in urban environments. (And clearly, in the future, all technologies will have two-letter acronyms.) Fifth-generation wireless (5G) 5G is just a marketing term right now, but there is no denying that mobile data consumption is exploding, and all of our future technologies will require vastly faster, ubiquitous wireless connectivity. Demands on networks are doubling every year. At this rate, with a bit of quick math, we can see that in the next decade we will have 1,000x the demand for mobile data. To meet these skyrocketing demands, we need to densify the mobile networks of years past. This means moving from macrocell sites that cover neighborhoods to small cells that cover blocks, down to femtocells and picocells that bring high speed, synchronized connectivity to your home and human-scale settings. Bandwidth has become the lifeblood of cities as much as water, good roads or electricity have supported thriving cities in the past. It’s really the base technology that all others are built on. Look for ubiquitous gigabit-speed wireless in leading cities over the next decade. Computer vision (CV) Of all the sensors available, video-as-a-sensor will emerge as the most important tool — and maybe the most controversial — for helping us understand cities over the next decade. Sound, air quality and others are important, but CV allows the broadest range of possibilities and supports the greatest number of possible use cases. From understanding density of populations, to usage patterns, to speed of traffic, to how resources are being used, CV will quite literally be the eyes of the city. The real power of these technologies will be unlocked when we combine them. This comes with well-warranted concerns for privacy, but with pioneers like Intel managing tight security and on-device processing, and Movidius promising insanely detailed chip-based object recognition, there’s reason to believe we’ll arrive at a scenario that protects our privacy. And if you can’t imagine the city being covered in cameras, take a look around and count the number of cameras already in the city. Nearly every store, street corner, cab and cop has a camera. The change will occur in swapping out the human who reviews a recording today for a computer that processes the images instead. The innovation will happen when this computer-generated data can be shared safely and securely across the city to foster new combinatorial innovations. For instance, it could support a real-time 3D map of the city that could be used for guiding autonomous vehicles around children playing in the street, supply city planning departments with real-time data on resource utilization or help business owners understand customer trends and create more responsive services and offerings. If 5G provides the base connectivity layer required for cities to evolve, CV will provide the understanding and “ground truth” of what’s going on. Mixed reality (MR) Where virtual reality, augmented reality and plain-old reality mix together to bring digital overlays that incorporate real physics and computer graphics and create immersive experiences with the best of the physical and digital, we call this mixed reality. MR has perhaps the most limitless possibilities of all five technologies listed here, and likely will serve as the eventual replacement to the mobile phone. From virtual goods that reduce strains on our resources to overlays on the world for entertainment, education and work, MR has astounding implications. With the help of companies like Samsung, Google and Magic Leap, use cases and interfaces that Google Glass or Pokémon Go have hinted at will transform into seamless, natural combinations of the internet, physical city infrastructure and society. Imagine changing the architecture of a city on-the-fly, or making certain information about yourself visible to different circles, like your relationship status in a dating-overlay or your blood type and heart rate for first responders. Autonomous vehicles (AV) We have more than one billion cars on the planet. That’s trillions of dollars of rapidly depreciating infrastructure sitting on the streets, used for only a fraction of its life. And even when cars are used, their most efficient use (when driven close to capacity at the top of their performance profile) happens briefly and rarely, like when you are loaded up with kids and all your stuff from your summer vacation. These real-time software technologies will drive the greatest rate of change in cities over the next decade. We have given these cars billions of square feet of prime real estate in cities around the world. Autonomous vehicles not only have the potential to change the idea of car ownership and last-mile travel, but also radically change the way we manage logistics and delivery of goods. We will see cities’ use of space and people’s travel habits change dramatically over the next decade, enabled by changes to vehicle sizes and the addition of intelligent routing, breaking down car travel into everything from package-delivering drones (think Amazon Prime Air or Starship), to micro-buses making commutes efficient and cheap, to intelligent, tiny, easy-to-use single-person rideables. Artificial intelligence (AI) We need brains to bring these technologies together and make them work. And we’re not talking about order-taking robots or computers we need to program with every detail. AI should let us manage by objective: tell the system what we want to achieve, help it when it needs it and course correct it as it goes along. With learning systems that can scale massively in scope via cloud computing and maintain responsiveness across billions of interactions on the most minute level via in-device edge processing, AI is the most unpredictable and existential technology of the bunch. It has the potential to bring things together to help us solve critical macro issues — we can use AI to make vastly better use of our resources, solve equity issues and prevent crime — and the smaller, more personal challenges, like finding a better way to get to work, meet a mate or optimize your schedule to better suit your desired lifestyle. Related Articles David Fine talks smart cities, the future of IoT on Technotopia Lear plans to ship a modular unit to let cars talk to smart cities and other vehicles Chinese tech giant Kuang-Chi harnesses Israeli tech to build smart cities in China Ford Smart Mobility acquires Chariot to boost its smart city transit plans Sure, there are lots of other breakthrough “physical” technologies out there, from 3D printing to micro housing. But, it’s 1,000,000,000 times harder to move an atom than an electron, so we think these real-time software technologies will drive the greatest rate of change in cities over the next decade. Think of them as your five basic ingredients with which you can build an infinite range of recipes. The real power of these technologies will be unlocked when we combine them — 5G-connected AVs, utilizing data sourced from the city via CV sensors to anticipate obstacles in real time, using AI to process the data and coordinate with other AVs for maximal street-level effectiveness, all while passengers look out a virtual MR window onto their individualized city (two-letter acronyms are the future!). Keep your eyes open and you’ll see these five technologies popping up in development today, and then gradually becoming a core part of pretty much all of our interactions with each other and the city over the next 10 years. Featured Image: Zap Art/Getty Images 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla Acquisition of SolarCity Approved | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes 5G wireless Computer Vision mixed reality autonomous vehicles Artificial Intelligence Popular Posts Featured Stories Japanese unicorn Mercari is gunning for eBay’s crown 35 minutes ago | Haje Jan Kamps Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 2 hours ago | Sarah Perez Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 2 hours ago | Fitz Tepper Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 12 hours ago | Jon Russell Latest From TechCrunch Pokémon Sun and Moon break 3DS records with 10M units shipped globally 10 minutes ago | Darrell Etherington Listen makes phone numbers smarter with auto-responders, muting, reminders and more 19 minutes ago | Sarah Perez Seen enough? Here’s how to get the SEC’s attention 21 minutes ago | Connie Loizos Japanese unicorn Mercari is gunning for eBay’s crown 35 minutes ago | Haje Jan Kamps Comment moderation powered by Up Next Gillmor Gang LIVE 09.23.16 Posted Sep 23, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 2 hours ago by Sarah Perez Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 23 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 2 hours ago by Fitz Tepper Niantic’s new invite-only “Portal Recon” tool lets players vote real-world locations into Ingress yesterday by Greg Kumparak Here’s the 19th batch of 500 Startups companies 49 minutes ago by Matthew Lynley Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 20 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation Nov 16, 2016 by Frederic Lardinois Report: Apple asked manufacturing partners to explore making iPhones in the U.S. 7 hours ago by Jon Russell 500 Startups ditches the ‘accelerator’ brand as it looks to differentiate 48 minutes ago by Matthew Lynley How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming 22 hours ago by Jeff Kavanaugh
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Rootkit Personal Tech Double KO! Capcom's Street Fighter V installs hidden rootkit on PCs Fatality – wait, no, what? That's the other game 23 Sep 2016 at 20:09, Chris Williams Chris Williams Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Windows 10, Arm, Apple, Intel, Microsoft Recent Articles Today the web was broken by countless hacked devices – your 60-second summary AMD is a rounding error on Intel's spreadsheet and that sucks for us all Intel stock falls on glum Q4 A fresh update for Capcom's Street Fighter V for PCs includes a knock-out move: a secret rootkit that gives any installed application kernel-level privileges. This means any malicious software on the system can poke a dodgy driver installed by SFV to completely take over the Windows machine. Capcom claims it uses the driver to stop players from hacking the high-def beat 'em up to cheat. Unfortunately, the code is so badly designed, it opens up a full-blown local backdoor. Let's drill down to the technical details: the capcom.sys kernel-level driver provides an IOCTL service to applications that disables SMEP on the computer, executes code at a given pointer, and then reenables SMEP. In other words, it switches off a crucial security defense in the operating system, then runs whatever instructions are given to it by the application, and then switches the protection back on. SMEP [PDF] is a feature in modern Intel and AMD x86 processors that, when enabled, prevents kernel-level software from executing code in user-owned memory pages. It's there to stop hackers from tricking the operating system into running malicious software smuggled into an application's virtual memory space – the OS should only be able to run its own trusted code, not anything provided by any old app. Capcom.sys completely blows this away on Windows: an application simply has to pass control codes 0xAA012044 and 0xAA013044 to the IOCTL, and a pointer to some instructions, and the driver will then jump to that block of code with full kernel permissions. oh dear god this capcom.sys has an ioctl that disables smep and calls a provided function pointer, and sets SMEP back what even pic.twitter.com/jBCXO7YtNe — slipstream/RoL (@TheWack0lian) September 23, 2016 Capcom is seemingly using this driver to allow its user-mode game to poke around the machine at the lowest level and spot any attempts by the player to cheat. The tool was bundled within an update, issued earlier this week, to Street Fighter V that brought in a new character, Urien. The title went on sale in February this year. "As a part of the new content and system update releasing later today, we’re also rolling out an updated anti-crack solution (note: not DRM) that prevents certain users from hacking the executable," a Capcom rep explained on Thursday. "The solution also prevents memory address hack that are commonly used for cheating and illicitly obtaining in-game currency and other entitlements that haven’t been purchased yet. "The anti-crack solution does not require online connectivity in order to play the game in offline mode; however, players will be required to click-confirm each time they boot up the game. This step allows ‘handshake’ to take place between the executable and the dependent driver prior to launch." Gamers realized something was a little off when the upgrade brought in a new driver and demanded operating-system-grade access to the computer before the game starts. A number of players say they couldn't even get the new version to work at all. A full-blown online meltdown ensued. Just after we published this article, a Capcom rep tweeted: We are in the process of rolling back the security measures added to the PC version of Street Fighter V. After the rollback process to the PC version, all new content from the September update will still be available to players. We apologize for the inconvenience and will have an update on the time-frame for the PC rollback solution soon. A lesson quickly learned, it seems. ® Sponsored: Customer Identity and Access Management Tips and corrections 63 Comments More from The Register Pokémon-loving VXer targets Linux with 'Umbreon' rootkit We told you Pokémon are evil, but no, you wouldn't listen 11 Comments Definitely not another Stuxnet, researchers claim as they demo industrial control rootkit Black Hat EU Undetectable ghost in the controller 3 Comments Ad-slinging rootkit nasty permanently drills into Android mobes, tabs Kernel-exploiting Kemoge in 20 countries and counting 29 Comments Hacking Team spyware rootkit: Even a new HARD DRIVE wouldn't get rid of it No amount of scrubbing could shift UEFI BIOS nasty 50 Comments Mac bug makes rootkit injection as easy as falling asleep Apple hacker reveals cracker 0day rootkit whacker 14 Comments +5 ROOTKIT OF VENGEANCE defeats forces of gaming good Kernel-level code helps gamers to vanquish anti-cheatware 43 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Google may just have silently snuffed the tablet computer Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Find Company: 23abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz T-Hub plans four accelerators next month K V Kurmanath   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Hyderabad, September 23:   Tech start-up incubator T-Hub is going to hold four accelerators in the next few months. The start-up accelerators will focus on the verticals of fintech, healthcare, agriculture and smart technologies. “We have just launched an accelerator with Intel that will focus on start-ups that build digital solutions for problems that we face day to day,” Jay Krishnan, Chief Executive Officer, T-Hub, told BusinessLine. He said majority of the start-ups in the country fail. “As many as 90 per cent of them fail for different reasons. It is difficult to save them. But what the ecosystem must do is to focus on the remaining 10 per cent start-ups.” In order to focus on grassroots-level issues in agriculture, the tech incubator has invited stakeholders for a brainstorming session on September 27. (This article was published on September 23, 2016) Related NEWS Uber, tech incubator T-Hub partner to handhold social impact start-ups TOPICS economy, business and finance | computing and information technology | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor VIDEO Video: The Mystery Behind Mistry's Exit more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Tata's Zest gets 4-star safety rating from Global NCAP JSW Steel trims debt, first to exit Credit Suisse’s infamous list Why Cyrus gave Thursday meetings a miss Energy Efficiency Services to raise $100 m via green bonds CPL Biologicals launches 'Cadiflu-S' seasonal influenza vaccine Harley’s Street 750 riders upset over ‘brake fade’ FSSAI to release packaged food fortification norms in 2 months Indian, Swiss firms team up to run driverless shuttles in private campuses Look who’s ‘hanging’ at the door 'To succeed in business, you need to take care of all stakeholders' DATA BANK Cross Currency Rate Indian Rupees Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Danish Kroner Euro Hong Kong Dollar Indonesian Rupiah Japanese Yen New Zealand Dollar Norwegian Kroner Pound Sterling Singapore Dollar South Korean Won Swadish Kroner Swiss Franc Thai Baht US Dollar Chinese Yuan Arab Emirates Dirham Exchange Rate Dollar Spot Forward Rate Open-Ended Mutual Funds NSE Currency Futures LATEST NEWS India, UK sign 3 advance pricing agreements 36 min. ago Safilo Group looks to make eyewear affordable in markets like India, Brazil 57 min. ago UK calls to strengthen partnership with India in higher education 58 min. ago DataWind readies ₹20, ₹100 data plans 1 hr. 6 min. ago Indian auto after-market poised for double-digit growth curve 1 hr. 19 min. ago More » From Business Wire World Leadership Federation announces its 1st Edition of India Leadership Awards 2016 Bharti AXA General Insurance launches 'Two Wheeler Long Term Package Policy' Deltin Casinos to host India's largest Roulette Tournament on 25th and 26th November 2017 "Play to the next step" Global Game Exhibition 'G-STAR 2016', the largest in history ever to be opened "RBI may reduce rates; will be 'Advantage Homebuyer' as EMIs will Drop," Niranjan Hiranandani O P E N close Recent Article in Companies Cash-driven MSMEs in the lurch Banks concerned over repayment of loans by the sector » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Home Special Reports System-Level Design Low Power - High Performance Manufacturing Design & Test IoT, Security & Automotive Knowledge Center Startup Corner Semi Jobs Industry Research MENU Home System-Level Design Low Power-High Performance Manufacturing, Design & Test IoT, Security & Automotive Knowledge Center Startup Corner Jobs Industry Research Special Reports Home > IoT, Security & Automotive > The Week In Review: IoT IoT, Security & Automotive The Week In Review: IoT The Industrial Internet Consortium releases a security framework; IoT deals made by Cisco and Salesforce, Bosch and SAP; privacy is lacking in connected devices. September 23rd, 2016 - By: Jeff Dorsch Security The Industrial Internet Consortium this week unveiled the Industrial Internet Security Framework, a set of specifications for connected health-care devices and hospitals, intelligent transportation, smart electrical grids, smart factories, and other cyber-physical systems in the Internet of Things. AT&T, Fujitsu, Hitachi, Infineon Technologies, Intel, Microsoft, and Symantec are among the companies contributing to the security framework. The consortium will host the West Coast Industrial Internet Security Forum on Thursday, Oct. 6, from 9:30 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the headquarters of Real-Time Innovations in Sunnyvale, Calif. Deals Cisco Systems and Salesforce.com said Thursday they will collaborate on developing and marketing products for the Internet of Things and other areas, building upon their cloud-based services. The joint effort could help the companies in their competition with Alphabet/Google, Amazon Web Services, the Microsoft Azure service, and the Oracle Cloud. Cisco Jasper and the Salesforce IoT Cloud will be integrated to provide control, insights, and visibility. Those integrations will be available in the second half of 2017. “Cisco and Salesforce coming together to form a strategic alliance can eliminate the friction users experience today so they can become more productive,” Rowan Trollope, senior vice president and general manager of Cisco’s IoT and Applications Groups, said in a statement. The Bosch Group is partnering with SAP for Internet of Things applications, with Bosch providing its IoT cloud platform and SAP offering its back-end software. SAP’s HANA real-time database will be provided to Bosch customers under the agreement. Bosch CEO Volkman Denner said in a statement, “In order to make even better use of the major potential that connected industry holds, international companies must cooperate more closely than before, and they must base that cooperation on open standards.” PTC joined SAP’s PartnerEdge program, making its ThingWorx Internet of Things platform available to run on SAP’s HANA platform for IoT application development, analytics capabilities, and augmented-reality functionality. ThingWorx is also available through the SAP App Center. Market Research IDC reports that 31% of enterprises now have IoT offerings for analytics, cloud, and security capabilities, while another 43% plan to bring out such offerings in the next 12 months. Says Carrie MacGillivray, IDC’s vice president of Mobility and Internet of Things, “There’s a lot of education taking place in the market, and now IoT is such a hot topic that customers are talking about it with vendors or attending events to learn more.” Memoori Research forecasts the worldwide market for the Internet of Things in commercial buildings will increase from $23.5 billion last year to $75.5 billion by 2021 for a compound annual growth rate of 20.7%. The market research firm has a new report, The Internet of Things in Smart Commercial Buildings 2016 to 2021. Privacy The fourth annual Global Privacy Enforcement Network Privacy Sweep concludes that connected devices are falling short in securing the personal information of people. “With the proliferation of the Internet of Things, the activities, movements, behaviors, and preferences of individuals are being measured, recorded, and analyzed on an increasingly regular basis. As this technology expands, it is imperative that companies do a better job of explaining their personal information handling practices,” Daniel Therrien, Canada’s federal privacy commissioner, said in a statement. Related Stories Prior Week In Review: IoT (9/16/16) Verizon acquires “smart cities” startup; hackers find dozens of IoT vulnerabilities; IoT market forecast to hit $883B+ in 2022. We’re All Beta Testers Now As more things are connected, there’s more that can go wrong. Tags: Alphabet Amazon Web Services AT&T AWS Bosch Group Cisco Systems Fujitsu Google GPEN Hitachi IDC IIC Industrial Internet Consortium Infineon Intel Memoori Research Microsoft Oracle PTC Real-Time Innovations RTI Salesforce.com SAP Symantec Jeff Dorsch   (all posts) Jeff Dorsch is a technology editor at Semiconductor Engineering.   Trending Articles Will There Be Enough Silicon Wafers? Market pressures shrink number of providers of basic building blocks for chips. by Mark LaPedus What Happened To Inverse Lithography? Technology resurges as industry pushes to 7nm and 5nm. by Mark LaPedus Silicon Photonics Comes Into Focus Using light to move large quantities of data looks promising, but gaps remain and the adoption timeline will vary by application. by Ed Sperling OLEDs Shine In Phones, TVs, Lights Organic light-emitting diode technology is finding its way into more products. by Jeff Dorsch Embedded FPGAs Going Mainstream? Programmable devices are being adopted in more market segments, but they still haven’t been included in major SoCs. That could change. by Brian Bailey Knowledge Centers Entities, people and technologies explored Learn More Related Articles What Transistors Will Look Like At 5nm As finFETs run out of steam after 7nm, what comes next? The debate is just beginning. by Mark LaPedus Focus Shifts To Architectures As chipmakers search for the biggest bang for new markets, the emphasis isn’t just on process nodes anymore. But these kinds of changes also add risks. by Ed Sperling Deeper Inside Intel Top process execs shed light on 10nm and beyond, plans for longer time between nodes, and the future of EUV, finFETs and stacked die. by Mark LaPedus Neural Net Computing Explodes Deep-pocket companies begin customizing this approach for specific applications—and spend huge amounts of money to acquire startups. by Gale Morrison Packaging Wars Begin OSATs and foundries begin to ramp offerings and investments in preparation for mainstream multi-chip architectures. by Mark LaPedus The Zen Of Processor Design AMD’s CTO talks about how to achieve more performance per watt and how chip architectures are changing. by Ed Sperling Sorting Out Next-Gen Memory A long list of new memory types is hitting the market, but which ones will be successful isn’t clear yet. by Mark LaPedus What’s Missing From Machine Learning Part 1: Teaching a machine how to behave is one thing. Understanding possible flaws after that is quite another. by Ed Sperling Sponsors Newsletter Signup Email: Interests: System-Level Design Low Power-High Performance Manufacturing, Design & Test IoT, Security & Automotive Popular Tags 2.5D 3D-IC 7nm 10nm 14nm ANSYS Apple Applied Materials ARM Arteris Atrenta automotive business Cadence EDA emulation eSilicon EUV FD-SOI finFETs GlobalFoundries IBM IMEC Intel Internet of Things IoT IP lithography Mentor Graphics MIT Moore's Law NXP Open-Silicon Qualcomm Rambus Samsung security SEMI software Sonics stacked die STMicroelectronics Synopsys TSMC verification Recent Comments CHIN HUEI Tan on More EUV Mask Gaps abckg on Why EUV Is So Difficult Mark LaPedus on Inside EUV Resists memister on More EUV Mask Gaps witeken on More EUV Mask Gaps witeken on Inside EUV Resists witeken on Why EUV Is So Difficult memister on More EUV Mask Gaps memister on Why EUV Is So Difficult Ed Sperling on Politics And (Low) Power Automotive IC Design Drives Simulation Innovation Ahmed Eisawy < Previous Article Next Article > Lessons From The Cold War Bernd Stamme About About us Contact us Advertising on SemiEng Newsletter SignUp Navigation Homepage Special Reports System-Level Design Low Power-High Perf Manufacturing Des & Test IoT, Security & Automotive Knowledge Centers Startup Corner Bus & Marketing Strategies Connect With Us Facebook Twitter @semiEngineering LinkedIn YouTube Copyright ©2013-2016 SMG   |  Terms of Service  |  Privacy Policy
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai Bengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Nation BSF trains its binoculars on fidayeen in the night sky of Kashmir By Vikram Sharma  |   Published: 23rd September 2016 09:37 PM  |   Last Updated: 23rd September 2016 10:53 PM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email JAMMU: Pakistani infiltrators have adopted ever more innovative ways to sneak into India. Their staple method of course is to hike across the border wherever it is porous. Sometimes they bore tunnels into Indian territory. Now there is talk of them winging it. Lately, the Border Security Force (BSF) has been receiving inputs that terror camps operating in Pakistan-occupied-Kashmir (PoK) are training their recruits in paragliding to enable infiltration by air. And so BSF personnel are now having to scan the skies as well. The force is now putting in place what is called 'depth deployment' to thwart infiltration by air. Especially for this purpose, one company (roughly 126 jawans) of BSF personnel has been deployed at the Pittal border outpost (BOP) in the Arnia forward area of RS Pura, one of the most sensitive outposts that is subject to frequent heavy shelling and firing from Pakistan. The company arrived at the post three days ago after a final nod from Union home minister Rajnath Singh last week. Conventionally, BSF relies on linear formation (the first line of defence), a standard tactical formation focused on infiltration from the ground, to deter infiltration. Depth deployment is meant as a second line of defence. It will focus on the sky. Intel inputs suggest that fidayeen are being trained in paragliding techniques. The plan is to fly into Indian territory at night so as to escape the BSF's attention. The force's forward posts may not be able to pick up such infiltrators. But those who positioned slightly back will be in a better position to spot the intruders, said one BSF official, speaking on the condition of anonymity. As part of this second line of defence, at least three jawans will be posted at each point, some 2 km behind the forward line. At least 10 such points are being set up, wider apart than the forward positions, cutting a semi-circular arc. The men posted in depth deployment will be given night vision devices and sophisticated weaponry. Depth deployment near Pittal would mean that a 3.2 km stretch of the border up to the Mukesh BOP would leave no scope for infiltration. "We will back up the posts with area domination teams as well,'' the officer explained. "Plus, we maintain cordial relationship with the villagers who will inform us about any suspicious objects when it turns dark." Once implemented at Pittal, depth deployment will be put in place in other intruder-vulnerable areas as well. Sure enough, there are several points along International Border in Jammu from where paragliders can take off and gain altitudes up to a few thousand feet. "The agricultural fields on our side of the border would be perfect landing grounds at night. If armed with by a GPS, the infiltrators' job become easy. They can even determine the drift of the wind using GPS. Supposing they launch from Jarwal or even Maharajke (two posts on Pakistan side close to the border), the fidayeen can reach this side in no time,'' said a BSF officer. But what if the gliders fly over the depth deployment further infield? There they would risk capture by Army units posted 5 km from the IB. WHY PARAGLIDING?   1. Paragliders can launch from higher ground and land on flat land 2. They can attain speeds of 25-60 kmph even in light winds 3. Can land in small open places 4. Easy to carry 5. The skills are simple and easy to learn O P E N Coupon Flipkart Shopclues eBay Mobile Prices Samsung Mobile Prices Micromax Mobile Prices Apple Mobile Latest B Tech girl student commits suicide in AP over alleged ragging SYL land returned back to farmers within hours Agusta Westland: CBI to seek extradition of chopper deal middleman Sheila Dikshit's son-in-law denied bail by Delhi court Agencies bicker over who'll guard Sabarimala pilgrims Gallery Winter has come! Frosty exchanges in Parliament over demonetisation The stray dog who forced an early tea break during India-England Vizag test arrow Videos Trump and Abe meet in New York Ghulam Nabi Azad refuses to apologise after his Uri attack remark arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express. 2016 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Sakhi | Cinema Express | Malayalam Vaarika Contact Us | About Us | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Opinion Business Go! Voices NY Data Obituaries Video-Photo Travel Archives Insider USA TODAY More Home News Sports Opinion Business Go! Voices NY Data Obituaries Video-Photo Travel Archives Insider USA TODAY Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest FALL OF 'DR. NANO': Albany scandal brings down empire Alain Kaloyeros was the architect of a vision: create an Albany nanocenter owned by the state. But it was his undoing. Post to Facebook FALL OF 'DR. NANO': Albany scandal brings down empire Alain Kaloyeros was the architect of a vision: create an Albany nanocenter owned by the state. But it was his undoing.  Check out this story on pressconnects.com: http://press.sn/2dpCc7Q {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. FALL OF 'DR. NANO': Albany scandal brings down empire Joseph Spector , jspector@gannett.com | @gannettalbany 4:27 p.m. EDT September 23, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share SUNY Polytechnic Institute President Alain Kaloyeros was arraigned in Albany City Court on Friday. Alain Kaloyeros, president of SUNY Polytechnic Institute leaves Albany City Courthouse following his arraignment on state charges on Friday, Sept. 23, 2016, in Albany, N.Y. (Will Waldron/The Albany Times Union via AP) (Photo: Will Waldron, AP) 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE ALBANY - Alain Kaloyeros was the architect of a vision: Create an Albany nanocenter owned by the state, but used by the largest private high-tech companies in the world for research and development. It’s a model that brought Kaloyeros extraordinary praise and money — and the vision has spread to facilities in Buffalo, Rochester, Canandaigua, Syracuse and Utica. It also appears to have given him something else: unchecked power. And that may be his undoing after he was charged Thursday with nine others in a sweeping corruption case that accused Kaloyeros of bid rigging in state and federal courts. "I think fundamentally it’s a question of accountability," said Assembly Majority Leader Joseph Morelle, D-Irondequoit, who battled with Kaloyeros over the $600 million Rochester photonics center. "In government, you need to ensure accountability and that one person does not have the ability to make decisions unilaterally." ► SUNY Poly's power extends into shadowy world ► 10 charged in sweeping New York corruption cases ► Photonics HQ squabble a clash of egos Kaloyeros, 60, who built the SUNY Polytechnic Institute into an Albany-based juggernaut, was put on unpaid leave Thursday by SUNY. On Friday, Cuomo stripped SUNY Poly of its oversight of projects across upstate New York. Kaloyeros appeared Friday morning in a crowded Albany city courtroom, where he was arraigned on three state felony charges. He was released on his own recognizance after his attorneys noted he posted bail Thursday in federal court. After a two-minute arraignment, Kaloyeros silently exited the courtroom, whispering to his attorneys as a swarm of television cameras and reporters followed him to an awaiting blue sedan. As they walked, Mike Miller, Kaloyeros' attorney, said his client is not guilty, declining further comment. In a statement late Thursday, Miller noted Kaloyeros' accomplishments. 'Dr. Nano' Kaloyeros was known for usually being the highest-paid employee in state government, typically earning more than $1 million a year. He drove Italian sports cars, had the license plate "Dr. Nano," and talked tough. He was also known for being able beat out other states to land major deals with global corporations, including IBM, Intel and GlobalFoundries, who all have operations at the Albany nanocenter. "These charges can’t be reconciled with Dr. Kaloyeros’ robust leadership of the SUNY Polytechnic Institute, Fort Schuyler and Fuller Road," Miller said, referring to nonprofits controlled by SUNY Poly. "Over the past three decades, Dr. Kaloyeros has done everything within his power to make SUNY a beacon amongst academic institutions focused on cutting edge technology and science." But Kaloyeros' model of having the state own the high-tech facilities and work with the private sector is drawing a new round of criticism. The criminal charges alleged Kaloyeros was part of a bid-rigging scheme that benefited major developers in Buffalo, Syracuse and Albany. He was charged with one federal count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and three state counts of combination in restraint of trade and competition. Working in the shadows In the state case by Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, Kaloyeros is accused of steering contracts to an Albany-area developer, Columbia Development, for a SUNY Poly facility. In one email, Kaloyeros told Columbia's President Joseph Nicolla of the details of an unreleased request for proposals for a dormitory project, court records showed. Nicolla has also been charged. "This self-serving scheme alleged in the complaint was particularly egregious because it was aimed at enriching powerful people at the expense of the state’s public university system," Schneiderman said in a statement. The problem, some officials said, is that Kaloyeros was able to set up two nonprofit corporations, Fort Schuyler and Fuller Road, that ran SUNY Poly's empire. The corporations were able to largely operate in secret, allowing for contracts to be awarded with little public oversight. In the case of Fort Schuyler, the federal charges indicate that LPCiminelli in Buffalo and COR Development in Syracuse had "preferred developer" status for state contracts. Officials from both companies were also charged by U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara in the scheme. The corporations "were intended to and did evade all the protections that would have prevented this mess," said former Assemblyman Richard Brodsky, D-Greenburgh, Westchester County. He added, "When you privatize public functions, you lose the protection of laws that work. The notion that large institutions like ESDC (Empire State Development) or SUNY were able to do this by creating nonprofit corporations is at the heart of the thing that needs reform here. Cuomo on Friday said the bidding system will be revamped, saying it was established before his administration, saying Kaloyeros worked for five governors, starting as a SUNY Albany professor. "He did a lot of work for a lot of governors through SUNY, and a lot of good work, I might add, using that process," Cuomo said "Was there a reason to revisit the process at SUNY? There wasn’t. It was in place. It was working well," Cuomo continued -- until now. A sign for the SUNY Polytechnic Institute in Albany, NY  (Photo: AP) Future without him Now there are questions about whether Kaloyeros' empire can be sustained without him. Cuomo  leaned on Kaloyeros to help the governor revive the upstate economy, but that also may have led to part of Kaloyeros' demise. The court papers suggested Kaloyeros hired Todd Howe, a lobbyist and former aide to Cuomo at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, in part to build up a relationship with Cuomo. Kaloyeros had feared Cuomo could replace him or neutralize his power, Bharara's office alleged. Howe and Kaloyeros then arranged for lucrative contracts to go to LPCiminelli and COR, upstate developers who are major donors to Cuomo's campaign and also were paying Howe. Cuomo's former top aide, Joseph Percoco, meanwhile, also received $35,000 from COR. Both Howe and Percoco have also been charged, and Howe already pleased guilty to a eight-count indictment. In the state case, Schneiderman said Kaloyeros stood to benefit from a deal with Columbia Development, an Albany-area developer who promised to contribute research money to SUNY Poly. Kaloyeros' compensation with the SUNY Research Foundation was in part based on the research money he brought in, Schneiderman said. SUNY Poly has been a critical piece the Buffalo Billion initiative, the Rochester photonics center, a massive nanotech facility in Utica and construction projects in Syracuse. The college is also closely tied to IBM and GlobalFoundries, which runs a sprawling chip manufacturer near Saratoga and now owns much of IBM's footprint in Dutchess County. Former Assemblyman Ronald Canestrari, D-Cohoes, Albany County, said Kaloyeros should be credited for his vision and will leave a void in the state's economic development. "He is a visionary without a doubt," Canestrari said. "He did a tremendous amount for our area, not only in terms of tax revenue, but job creation as well. "That’s the sad part of it. He has an unfinished agenda that may not be realized."   1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://press.sn/2dpCc7Q TOP VIDEOS 911 call: I'm being attacked by bear; I'm going to die 1:05 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Dad builds phenomenal costumes for his son 0:49 Christie's ex-aide invokes Fifth as office subpoenaed 1:06 Iconic 'National Geographic' 'Afghan Girl' arrested 0:41 Toxic metals found in kids' Halloween makeup 1:11 Vatican says keep your loved one's ashes off the mantel 0:24 Baby uses hearing aids for the first time 0:25 Girl Scout cookie cereal is a real thing and happening soon 1:10 More Stories Metro population shrinks, gets smarter and more diverse Nov. 18, 2016, 11:23 a.m. eNewspaper: Our special reports Nov. 18, 2016, 10:36 a.m. ARMED ROBBERY: Suspect sought in gas station holdup Nov. 18, 2016, 9:47 a.m.
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Qualcomm Launches Creative Agency Review Advertisement NEXT:Sir Martin Sorrell Has Harsh Words for Facebook's Fake Data in 'Overstategate' PREVIOUS:5 Biggest Posts of the Past 5 Days Brands Qualcomm Launches Creative Agency Review By Patrick Coffee on Sep. 23, 2016 - 12:45 PMComment San Diego-based telecommunications giant Qualcomm is in the midst of a creative agency review with incumbent DDB San Francisco defending. Kantar Media’s latest numbers tell us that Qualcomm spent approximately $10 million on measured media in 2015. The company first hired the Omnicom shop in 2013 to “develop corporate image advertising.” DDB won a pitch that included Ogilvy & Mather for an account that was worth an estimated $2 million at the time. That review followed the appointment of CMO Anand Chandrasekher, who previously held several senior-level roles at Intel. He was “censured” several months later and effectively demoted after he referred to competitor Apple’s 64-bit A7 chip as “a gimmick,” prompting his employer to issue a correction; Qualcomm has yet to name a new CMO. Both Qualcomm and DDB declined to comment directly on the current review. A DDB spokesperson deferred to the client, and a representative wrote, “we don’t comment on our internal relationships with our agencies.” Multiple sources, however, have confirmed that the review is active and that DDB opted to defend. According to the same sources, the move was not unexpected as DDB’s original contract with Qualcomm ends this year. The agency has created a variety of work for the client, launching its first brand campaign last April under the “Why Wait” theme. The campaign emphasized the speed of Qualcomm’s wireless technologies, with its VP of marketing and branding telling Adweek, “We have tremendous capabilities, but we’ve never talked about them.” Since then, DDB continued to develop the “why wait” in an additional spot released this January and, more recently, a documentary series called “Invent Off” in collaboration with director Andrew Fried of the Netflix food fetish series “Chef’s Table.” We do not currently know which agencies are involved in the review beyond DDB San Francisco, which went through a round of downsizing this summer after founding client Clorox’s decision to send its creative business to FCB and mcgarrybowen. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Senior Director, Digital Strategy & Social Media National Urban League New York City, New York (US) Media Planner/Buyer JAY Advertising Rochester, NY in western NYS - on the shores of Lake Ontario and near the Finger Lakes region. Media Sales Executive Progressive Business Media East Coast Advertising Sales & Sponsorship Professional IFP Brooklyn, New York FT Programmatic Ad Operations Director - Downtown Creative Circle Chicago, Illinois See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai Bengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Nation BSF trains its binoculars on fidayeen in the night sky of Kashmir By Vikram Sharma  |   Published: 23rd September 2016 09:37 PM  |   Last Updated: 23rd September 2016 10:53 PM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email JAMMU: Pakistani infiltrators have adopted ever more innovative ways to sneak into India. Their staple method of course is to hike across the border wherever it is porous. Sometimes they bore tunnels into Indian territory. Now there is talk of them winging it. Lately, the Border Security Force (BSF) has been receiving inputs that terror camps operating in Pakistan-occupied-Kashmir (PoK) are training their recruits in paragliding to enable infiltration by air. And so BSF personnel are now having to scan the skies as well. The force is now putting in place what is called 'depth deployment' to thwart infiltration by air. Especially for this purpose, one company (roughly 126 jawans) of BSF personnel has been deployed at the Pittal border outpost (BOP) in the Arnia forward area of RS Pura, one of the most sensitive outposts that is subject to frequent heavy shelling and firing from Pakistan. The company arrived at the post three days ago after a final nod from Union home minister Rajnath Singh last week. Conventionally, BSF relies on linear formation (the first line of defence), a standard tactical formation focused on infiltration from the ground, to deter infiltration. Depth deployment is meant as a second line of defence. It will focus on the sky. Intel inputs suggest that fidayeen are being trained in paragliding techniques. The plan is to fly into Indian territory at night so as to escape the BSF's attention. The force's forward posts may not be able to pick up such infiltrators. But those who positioned slightly back will be in a better position to spot the intruders, said one BSF official, speaking on the condition of anonymity. As part of this second line of defence, at least three jawans will be posted at each point, some 2 km behind the forward line. At least 10 such points are being set up, wider apart than the forward positions, cutting a semi-circular arc. The men posted in depth deployment will be given night vision devices and sophisticated weaponry. Depth deployment near Pittal would mean that a 3.2 km stretch of the border up to the Mukesh BOP would leave no scope for infiltration. "We will back up the posts with area domination teams as well,'' the officer explained. "Plus, we maintain cordial relationship with the villagers who will inform us about any suspicious objects when it turns dark." Once implemented at Pittal, depth deployment will be put in place in other intruder-vulnerable areas as well. Sure enough, there are several points along International Border in Jammu from where paragliders can take off and gain altitudes up to a few thousand feet. "The agricultural fields on our side of the border would be perfect landing grounds at night. If armed with by a GPS, the infiltrators' job become easy. They can even determine the drift of the wind using GPS. Supposing they launch from Jarwal or even Maharajke (two posts on Pakistan side close to the border), the fidayeen can reach this side in no time,'' said a BSF officer. But what if the gliders fly over the depth deployment further infield? There they would risk capture by Army units posted 5 km from the IB. WHY PARAGLIDING?   1. Paragliders can launch from higher ground and land on flat land 2. They can attain speeds of 25-60 kmph even in light winds 3. Can land in small open places 4. Easy to carry 5. The skills are simple and easy to learn O P E N Coupon Flipkart Shopclues eBay Mobile Prices Samsung Mobile Prices Micromax Mobile Prices Apple Mobile Latest B Tech girl student commits suicide in AP over alleged ragging SYL land returned back to farmers within hours Agusta Westland: CBI to seek extradition of chopper deal middleman Sheila Dikshit's son-in-law denied bail by Delhi court Agencies bicker over who'll guard Sabarimala pilgrims Gallery Winter has come! Frosty exchanges in Parliament over demonetisation The stray dog who forced an early tea break during India-England Vizag test arrow Videos Trump and Abe meet in New York Ghulam Nabi Azad refuses to apologise after his Uri attack remark arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express. 2016 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Sakhi | Cinema Express | Malayalam Vaarika Contact Us | About Us | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: As the lead author of this site, I haven't even had a day off of work in over three years due to my commitment to enriching the Linux hardware experience and the financial struggles of running such an operation single-handedly. If you want to keep blocking ads, please at least consider joining the Phoronix Premium site to help ensure that this site can continue. Thank you. Enlightenment EFL Adds Atomic Modesetting, Nuclear Page-Flipping Written by Michael Larabel in Desktop on 23 September 2016 at 11:16 AM EDT. 9 Comments The Enlightenment Foundation Libraries (EFL) now has support for atomic mode-setting and nuclear page-flipping! This atomic mode-setting and nuclear page-flipping support is designed for the Linux 4.8 kernel and newer and so far has just been tested with the Intel DRM driver. Samsung developer Chris Michael commented with the nearly thousand lines of new code that on working systems it provides "buttery smoothness." Atomic mode-setting allows setting output modes more cleanly by either being able to succeed or fail in one-go while also being able to test a desired mode in advance of the operation, reducing possible flickering situations while also being quicker. Nuclear page-flipping synchronizes the update of a scanout between the different planes and makes it atomic. This is more work for trying to achieve "perfect rendering" of every frame on the Linux desktop by synchronizing all the updates to the vblank. After talking about atomic mode-setting and nuclear page-flipping for 6+ years, it's great the pieces are finally maturing and coming together in the latest Linux kernel when it comes to the DRM drivers and then in the user-space with software beginning to make use of the new ioctls. From the Phoronix Chernobyl tour. 9 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Desktop News A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance Many Xfce Package Updates Bring Stable GTK3 Support, Notifyd Gets Do-Not-Disturb Cinnamon 3.2 Desktop Arrives Luncher: Enlightenment Has A New Launcher More Details On Enlightenment's Ecore_Drm2 Atomic Modesetting Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) GNOME 3.22.2 Released Latest Linux News Feral Joins The Bandwagon Of Wanting Newer Mesa On Ubuntu New X.Org Driver Updates Roll Out For Xorg-Server 1.19 Support When Trying Out Tumbleweed, It's Easy To See Why OpenSUSE Leap Disabled Nouveau Raspberry Pi's VC4 Driver Picks Up ETC1, Fragment Shader Threading In Linux 4.10 LLVM's LLD Linker Looking At Enabling Multi-Threading By Default Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Color Compression Support For Skylake Vulkan Support On Mir Still May Be Months Away Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams Firefox 51 To Enable WebGL 2 By Default, FLAC Audio, Skia Content Rendering On Linux Latest Featured Articles RadeonSI Benchmarks On Budgie, GNOME Shell, KDE Plasma 5, LXDE, MATE, Unity, Xfce GCC 6.2 vs. Clang 3.9 Compiler Performance On Clear Linux With Intel Kaby Lake AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.

Home Top 50 How To Magazine Franchise Events Subscribe 6 min read Make More Happen Want to Stay Ahead of the Competition? Get Virtual. Augmented and virtual reality can help you innovate in your field before you fall behind. Here are six ways to get started. Jim Marggraff Contributor of Eyefluence September 23, 2016 When “Pokémon GO” launched this summer, it got people talking -- and not just about gym takeovers and Pikachus. The game’s popularity signaled the growing power of augmented and virtual reality (VR). VR, in particular, is a hot tech trend right now, but it’s been in development for some time. The military began using VR years ago to simulate hazardous environments during soldier training. These hyper realistic settings prepare them for what to expect in combat zones. Companies such as SOLIDWORKS use 3D modeling to improve design detailing, visualization and functionality. And more recently, both Qualcomm and Intel announced standalone VR headsets featuring their Snapdragon and Atom ship sets, respectively. Pokémon GO, which requires people to walk to different physical locations to access new creatures and levels within the virtual world, made augmented reality ubiquitous. It brought the blended experience into the collective consciousness and created a demand for more experiences like it. Related: Everything You Need to Know About Pokémon Go, the App That Earned $200 Million in its First Month As a result, businesses are racing to out-innovate other innovators. Look at Magic Leap, which is developing augmented-reality technology that will create lifelike holograms shone directly into users’ eyes. Microsoft’s HoloLens is another one. Such investments and products will only increase as more companies recognize the power of these technologies. Related: Virtual Reality Offers Plenty Of Business Opportunities For Entrepreneurs For businesses looking to get ahed in the VR and AR world, here are some steps to get you started:  1. Be immersed in the trend Pokémon GO and similar platforms serve as gateways to augmented and virtual reality for most consumers. Reaching nearly 10 million estimated users per day, Pokémon GO is a particularly instructive case study.  Familiarize yourself with the trend so you understand its appeal. You don’t have to directly participate, but you should discuss its appeal with someone who does. At our company, one of our mechanical engineers is a prolific Pokémon GO player, and he has helped our team consider why it has captured so many users. Similarly, as you learn more about the product, discuss what it is about the product that has made it accessible to such a wide range of people. Identify the principles that have contributed to the success of the trend, and apply them to your own business. 2. Create virtual assets Companies that gain an edge in VR today position themselves to be industry leaders. The University of Washington’s CoMotion HQ is capitalizing on the trend by offering VR lab space as part of its new incubator location. The move allows CoMotion to attract forward-thinking clients and link itself with futuristic technologies in the minds of consumers. Consider how you might enhance your brand through virtual assets. Create third-party add-ons for a popular game, offer a virtual tour through your mobile app, or create standalone AR and VR products. After researching AR and VR, we realized that eye-tracking technology could transform intent into action very quickly, so we started looking into that model. What could you do to take your brand in a new direction? The demand for virtual assets is unprecedented in human history, so use this opportunity to shift gears if needed.  3. Establish product superiority Because everyone will be rushing to launch AR and VR products and services, it’s crucial for businesses to differentiate themselves now. Find the market segments where you possess unfair advantages, and capitalize on them. Once we started working with eye-interaction, we found market segments that needed to be able to work quickly with a hands-free input, but using head movements would hurt their necks and talking was cumbersome if they were in quiet areas. Not only are existing companies focusing on AR and VR, but up-and-coming organizations will as well. More than half a million people become new business owners every month, and 27 million working-age Americans are engaged in entrepreneurship. With those numbers, your business can’t afford to sleep on these technologies. Assert your edge, and maintain it at all costs. 4. Always serve the core market Remaining true to your core customers is a critical component of competitiveness and growth. As we develop and advance our technologies, we always ask how it serves our target audience members. Is it responsive to their needs? Does it provide them with a technological advantage or make them more efficient? Is it emotionally satisfying? As you do the same, don’t sacrifice a loyal user base while chasing after AR and VR trends. New assets should reflect the company’s mission and enhance its offerings. 5. Tailor branding to the VR era More than 75 percent of Americans engage with brands online before they make purchases or visit physical stores. As a result, we always make sure our consumers know that they’re buying from a company that offers the newest and best versions of particular products using a combination of PR and content marketing. We travel to conferences, demo our product and interact with consumers and publications all over the country to make sure our software is top of mind. As AR and VR become the norm, people want to see that your company is up to speed. You can certainly incorporate your marketing and brand into virtual worlds, though you should be sure to monitor and respect the attitudes of consumers toward the value of such exposure in virtual and augmented environments. 6. Emphasize innovation Smart companies innovate for the current market with an eye on the future. For instance, many automotive companies are already testing future hardware and software features that will integrate seamlessly into their evolving designs. Because they’re looking ahead, they’ll be able to build new models using existing processes and supply chains instead of starting from scratch. We stay innovative by hiring top talent and looking several technology generations ahead. To do the same, invest in research and development so your company stays a step ahead and is always in a position to develop new products. Related: How to Build Innovation Into Your Business Without Creating Chaos “Pokémon GO” was augmented reality’s bellwether -- AR and VR are leaping from the domain of tech geeks and hardcore gamers into mass awareness. The public isn’t going to sit patiently while companies scratch their heads about how to get in on the trend. Businesses need to recognize that VR and AR are arriving now -- and they’ll change the game for everyone. This article was co-authored by Robert Rohm, a quality assurance engineer at Eyefluence. Jim Marggraff Jim Marggraff is the founder and CEO of Eyefluence, a company that is engineering the ability to transform intent into action through your eyes. Leveraging eye biomechanics and the eye-brain connection with a t... Read more Growth Strategies Innovation Virtual Reality Augmented Reality Make More Happen Company Advertise Brand Licensing Contact Us Staff Contribute Upcoming Events Entrepreneur 360™ Livestream Growth Strategies On-Demand Event Products Business Books Reprints & Licensing Classifieds Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Editions United States Middle East India Español Philippines South Africa China Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Flickr Tumblr RSS Feedly Subscribe Now Gift Subscriptions Subscriber Services Digital Editions iOSAndroidKindle Copyright © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Site Map Follow Us Current Edition United States India Middle East Español Sections Latest Top 50 How To Magazine Leadership Growth Strategies Marketing Technology Social Media Finance Entrepreneurs Starting a Business Franchises Magazine More Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Business Forms Video Events Newsletters Bookstore About Us Contact Us Advertise Reprints & Licensing Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Skip Advertisement This ad will close in 15 seconds...
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. 2D Rendering On X11 Remains Barely Faster Than CPU Rendering Written by Michael Larabel in X.Org on 23 September 2016 at 08:59 AM EDT. 20 Comments In addition to being the organizer of XDC2016, Martin Peres also participated in several presentations at this week's conference in Helsinki. One of these pesentations by Martin was concerning 2D X.Org acceleration. Martin basically presented on that rendering 2D on a modern X.Org Server is barely faster than CPU rendering, unless compositing. While being barely faster, it consumes more power than CPU-only rendering. But the good news is that more and more software is moving away from X-based rendering. With the next GTK+ release there will be the GTK Scene Kit, Qt5 already has changed its renderer, and other projects are moving over to purely CPU-based rendering or GPU rendering with projects like Servo's WebRender, Google's Skia, and the new Intel FastUIDraw project. Toolkits and other projects doing their own rendering have also been moving away from X-based rendering in order to support Wayland where they must be responsible for the CPU/GPU rendering free of the old X acceleration architectures. Long story short while X.Org rendering isn't very performant, it's becoming less and less of a problem with modern Linux systems. Those wishing to go through Martin's 2D presentation can see these PDF slides or watch the video embedded below (jump to a little past the 5 hour mark). 20 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related X.Org News New X.Org Driver Updates Roll Out For Xorg-Server 1.19 Support AMDGPU & Radeon DDX Updated - Better 2D Performance, Tear Free, DRI3 Default Freedreno Encouraging Users To Switch To Modesetting X.Org Driver X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements X.Org Server 1.19 RC2, Some Prominent XWayland Changes X.Org To Begin Accepting Donations Again Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) GNOME 3.22.2 Released Latest Linux News Feral Joins The Bandwagon Of Wanting Newer Mesa On Ubuntu New X.Org Driver Updates Roll Out For Xorg-Server 1.19 Support When Trying Out Tumbleweed, It's Easy To See Why OpenSUSE Leap Disabled Nouveau Raspberry Pi's VC4 Driver Picks Up ETC1, Fragment Shader Threading In Linux 4.10 LLVM's LLD Linker Looking At Enabling Multi-Threading By Default Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Color Compression Support For Skylake Vulkan Support On Mir Still May Be Months Away Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams Firefox 51 To Enable WebGL 2 By Default, FLAC Audio, Skia Content Rendering On Linux Latest Featured Articles RadeonSI Benchmarks On Budgie, GNOME Shell, KDE Plasma 5, LXDE, MATE, Unity, Xfce GCC 6.2 vs. Clang 3.9 Compiler Performance On Clear Linux With Intel Kaby Lake AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Home Top 50 How To Magazine Franchise Events Subscribe 6 min read Make More Happen Want to Stay Ahead of the Competition? Get Virtual. Augmented and virtual reality can help you innovate in your field before you fall behind. Here are six ways to get started. Jim Marggraff Contributor of Eyefluence September 23, 2016 When “Pokémon GO” launched this summer, it got people talking -- and not just about gym takeovers and Pikachus. The game’s popularity signaled the growing power of augmented and virtual reality (VR). VR, in particular, is a hot tech trend right now, but it’s been in development for some time. The military began using VR years ago to simulate hazardous environments during soldier training. These hyper realistic settings prepare them for what to expect in combat zones. Companies such as SOLIDWORKS use 3D modeling to improve design detailing, visualization and functionality. And more recently, both Qualcomm and Intel announced standalone VR headsets featuring their Snapdragon and Atom ship sets, respectively. Pokémon GO, which requires people to walk to different physical locations to access new creatures and levels within the virtual world, made augmented reality ubiquitous. It brought the blended experience into the collective consciousness and created a demand for more experiences like it. Related: Everything You Need to Know About Pokémon Go, the App That Earned $200 Million in its First Month As a result, businesses are racing to out-innovate other innovators. Look at Magic Leap, which is developing augmented-reality technology that will create lifelike holograms shone directly into users’ eyes. Microsoft’s HoloLens is another one. Such investments and products will only increase as more companies recognize the power of these technologies. Related: Virtual Reality Offers Plenty Of Business Opportunities For Entrepreneurs For businesses looking to get ahed in the VR and AR world, here are some steps to get you started:  1. Be immersed in the trend Pokémon GO and similar platforms serve as gateways to augmented and virtual reality for most consumers. Reaching nearly 10 million estimated users per day, Pokémon GO is a particularly instructive case study.  Familiarize yourself with the trend so you understand its appeal. You don’t have to directly participate, but you should discuss its appeal with someone who does. At our company, one of our mechanical engineers is a prolific Pokémon GO player, and he has helped our team consider why it has captured so many users. Similarly, as you learn more about the product, discuss what it is about the product that has made it accessible to such a wide range of people. Identify the principles that have contributed to the success of the trend, and apply them to your own business. 2. Create virtual assets Companies that gain an edge in VR today position themselves to be industry leaders. The University of Washington’s CoMotion HQ is capitalizing on the trend by offering VR lab space as part of its new incubator location. The move allows CoMotion to attract forward-thinking clients and link itself with futuristic technologies in the minds of consumers. Consider how you might enhance your brand through virtual assets. Create third-party add-ons for a popular game, offer a virtual tour through your mobile app, or create standalone AR and VR products. After researching AR and VR, we realized that eye-tracking technology could transform intent into action very quickly, so we started looking into that model. What could you do to take your brand in a new direction? The demand for virtual assets is unprecedented in human history, so use this opportunity to shift gears if needed.  3. Establish product superiority Because everyone will be rushing to launch AR and VR products and services, it’s crucial for businesses to differentiate themselves now. Find the market segments where you possess unfair advantages, and capitalize on them. Once we started working with eye-interaction, we found market segments that needed to be able to work quickly with a hands-free input, but using head movements would hurt their necks and talking was cumbersome if they were in quiet areas. Not only are existing companies focusing on AR and VR, but up-and-coming organizations will as well. More than half a million people become new business owners every month, and 27 million working-age Americans are engaged in entrepreneurship. With those numbers, your business can’t afford to sleep on these technologies. Assert your edge, and maintain it at all costs. 4. Always serve the core market Remaining true to your core customers is a critical component of competitiveness and growth. As we develop and advance our technologies, we always ask how it serves our target audience members. Is it responsive to their needs? Does it provide them with a technological advantage or make them more efficient? Is it emotionally satisfying? As you do the same, don’t sacrifice a loyal user base while chasing after AR and VR trends. New assets should reflect the company’s mission and enhance its offerings. 5. Tailor branding to the VR era More than 75 percent of Americans engage with brands online before they make purchases or visit physical stores. As a result, we always make sure our consumers know that they’re buying from a company that offers the newest and best versions of particular products using a combination of PR and content marketing. We travel to conferences, demo our product and interact with consumers and publications all over the country to make sure our software is top of mind. As AR and VR become the norm, people want to see that your company is up to speed. You can certainly incorporate your marketing and brand into virtual worlds, though you should be sure to monitor and respect the attitudes of consumers toward the value of such exposure in virtual and augmented environments. 6. Emphasize innovation Smart companies innovate for the current market with an eye on the future. For instance, many automotive companies are already testing future hardware and software features that will integrate seamlessly into their evolving designs. Because they’re looking ahead, they’ll be able to build new models using existing processes and supply chains instead of starting from scratch. We stay innovative by hiring top talent and looking several technology generations ahead. To do the same, invest in research and development so your company stays a step ahead and is always in a position to develop new products. Related: How to Build Innovation Into Your Business Without Creating Chaos “Pokémon GO” was augmented reality’s bellwether -- AR and VR are leaping from the domain of tech geeks and hardcore gamers into mass awareness. The public isn’t going to sit patiently while companies scratch their heads about how to get in on the trend. Businesses need to recognize that VR and AR are arriving now -- and they’ll change the game for everyone. This article was co-authored by Robert Rohm, a quality assurance engineer at Eyefluence. Jim Marggraff Jim Marggraff is the founder and CEO of Eyefluence, a company that is engineering the ability to transform intent into action through your eyes. Leveraging eye biomechanics and the eye-brain connection with a t... Read more Growth Strategies Innovation Virtual Reality Augmented Reality Make More Happen Company Advertise Brand Licensing Contact Us Staff Contribute Upcoming Events Entrepreneur 360™ Livestream Growth Strategies On-Demand Event Products Business Books Reprints & Licensing Classifieds Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Editions United States Middle East India Español Philippines South Africa China Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Flickr Tumblr RSS Feedly Subscribe Now Gift Subscriptions Subscriber Services Digital Editions iOSAndroidKindle Copyright © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Site Map Follow Us Current Edition United States India Middle East Español Sections Latest Top 50 How To Magazine Leadership Growth Strategies Marketing Technology Social Media Finance Entrepreneurs Starting a Business Franchises Magazine More Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Business Forms Video Events Newsletters Bookstore About Us Contact Us Advertise Reprints & Licensing Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Skip Advertisement This ad will close in 15 seconds...
null
null
All regions Ukraine Europe America Middle East Asia&Pacific Africa Russia Breaking news 17:15 Nov. 17, 2016 BREAKING: EU states give conditional approval to visa-free travel for Ukraine 16:26 Nov. 17, 2016 Never-ending shelling of Avdiivka industrial zone and Mariupol sector 15:42 Nov. 17, 2016 Largest violations in 2016 seen in Donbas - OSCE 15:38 Nov. 17, 2016 US mulls new Russia sanctions for Ukraine and Syria campaigns 15:33 Nov. 17, 2016 EU Committee discusses visa-free regime for Ukraine 15:16 Nov. 17, 2016 Polish Sejm passes bill to lower retirement age 14:07 Nov. 17, 2016 No specific agreements on Trump’s visit to Russia – Kremlin 13:25 Nov. 17, 2016 US lawmakers want response to Russia’s interference in election, actions in Ukraine and Syria 12:52 Nov. 17, 2016 Canada quietly reaches out to Russia for talks on Ukraine - Reuters 20:34 Nov. 16, 2016 Master of puppets: how Russia undermines Europe with its allies 19:12 Nov. 16, 2016 ‘Good year’ of Beata Szydlo’s gov’t in Poland: was it that well? 18:25 Nov. 16, 2016 Ukraine successfully tests its new precise missile 17:56 Nov. 16, 2016 Ukraine's Cabinet dismisses Dekanoidze as national police chief 17:55 Nov. 16, 2016 Ukraine's cyber police shut down one of the biggest pirate movie websites 16:57 Nov. 16, 2016 Ukraine has Europe’s worst anti-corruption performance, its citizens say 16:29 Nov. 16, 2016 Yanukovych to testify via video conference on Novermber 25 16:21 Nov. 16, 2016 Evidence says, shooting of Euromaidan activists was planned – Lawyer 15:26 Nov. 16, 2016 BBC to boost brodcasting for Russia and surrouning countries 14:06 Nov. 16, 2016 Verkhovna Rada appeals to EU on free visa travel 13:59 Nov. 16, 2016 Blackmail and bribing: how Russia tried to block Crimea resolution 13:17 Nov. 16, 2016 EU Commission offers new measures to enter Schengen zone 13:14 Nov. 16, 2016 Russia denounces its allegiance to International Criminal Court 12:27 Nov. 16, 2016 Protests in central Kyiv go on for second day 12:05 Nov. 16, 2016 MH17 Atrocity: Names of the culprits will be made public by 2018 11:44 Nov. 16, 2016 UN Crimea resolution is a first step towards deoccupation - Klimkin 10:49 Nov. 16, 2016 McCain warns Trumps over US-Russia rapprochement 09:29 Nov. 16, 2016 UN recognizes Crimea as occupied – for the first time 17:50 Nov. 15, 2016 Polish prosecution to investigate Ukrainian flag case 15:43 Nov. 15, 2016 Ukrainian teens win the most prestigious European Hip-Hop contest 14:38 Nov. 15, 2016 Six wounded as Russian-backed militants attack Ukrainian army dugout 15:52 Nov. 3, 2016 EU Council agrees ultimate timing for visa liberalisation for Ukraine NewsLivePOLITICSBUSINESSENTERTAINMENTCRIMETECH&SCIENCESOCIETYSPORTPRESSOPINIONABOUT 14:55 Sep. 23, 2016 Russian high-ranking official killed in Donbas – Military Intel Russian-backed militants in Donbas (Gettyimages photo) Send via email Kremlin sends new armour to Donbas and investigates the death of Russian officer in Luhansk Ukrainian Military Intelligence reports about an investigation conducted by Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) on militant-held territory of Donbas. They investigate the murder of senior Russian officer in Luhansk on September 21. He was reported to perform an unofficial "service-combat" job on the militant-held territory of eastern Ukraine as deputy commander of "2nd army corps" of Russian-backed forces in Donbas He served in Luhansk under the command of Center of territorial troops of Southern military District of Russian Armed Forces. Intel doesn't mention his actual rank and name, just that he served in militant forces as "Colonel Alexander Borisovich Orlov". Read also Russian officers throw militants into cesspit as punishment – Ukraine Intel Also Intel reports new facts of regular supply of arms and military equipment from Russia to militant forces in Donbas. Near the town of Torez Ukrainian recon spotted the arrival of 15 tanks (five T-80, 10 T-72) plus trucks; near the town of Rovenky – nine rail fuel tankers (450 tonnes); plus in the town of Shakhtarsk – 18 trucks with ammunition. As reported earlier, another Russian 'aid convoy' invaded Ukraine, namely Donbas districts held by Kremlin-controlled forces. Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="http://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a> comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Crime12:19 Nov. 18, 2016 Offence against Shyrokyne, Hnutove and Troitske with 122mm artillery Crime11:28 Nov. 18, 2016 OSCE warns about a possible attack on Mariupol Crime19:25 Nov. 17, 2016 Bulgarian ex-minister charged over nuclear project Crime17:28 Nov. 16, 2016 Ukraine's cyber police shut down one of the biggest pirate movie websites Crime17:06 Nov. 16, 2016 Artillery fire towards Shyrokyne again See more news Tweets by @uatodaytv Ukraine Today WEEKLY DIGEST Subscribe to receive regular email updates about Ukraine and Eastern Europe Copyright © 2014News|Live|Politics|Business|Entertainment|Crime|Tech&Science|Society|Sport|Opinion|About Privacy policy Communicate Follow Follow @uatodaytv Subscribe vk154998
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Hot Topics CRM ANF Best Investments 2017 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Trading > Trading Advice > Trade of the Day: Powershares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (ETF) (QQQ) a Big Buy Buy QQQ for a short- or long-term gain By Sam Collins, InvestorPlace Chief Technical Analyst  |  Sep 23, 2016, 7:23 am EST     Popular Posts: Trade of the Day: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) a Buy on the Pullback Trade of the Day: Intel Corporation (INTC) Climbing Once More Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Recent Posts: Dow Jones Continues Charging Ahead Trade of the Day: Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) a Healthy Investment S&P 500 Seeing Some Consolidation View All Posts Powershares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (ETF) (NASDAQ:QQQ) — This five-star Morningstar-rated exchange-traded fund seeks to obtain results that correspond to the price and yield performance of the stocks in the Nasdaq 100 index. The risk is rated “high,” but the return is also rated “high.” In fact the “Q’s” have an annualized five-year market return of 17.56%, and a three-year return of 16.99%, as of August 31. In the past year they are up over 12%. Another investor benefit is its relatively low expense ratio of 0.2%. In the past year it paid a dividend of $1.24 for a yield just over 1%. The top ten holdings of the Q’s are: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL), Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC), Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO), Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA) and Amgen, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMGN). 9 Dividend Stocks for a Full Calendar of Safe Income In June, following its failure to punch through the resistance line at $111, the Q’s fell on a selling climax to about $102. However it quickly reestablished its up trend by slicing through the former resistance until consolidating at the $114 to $118 area. A quadruple top formed from August to September at $118 until yesterday when it broke out with a continuation gap of 40 cents. Prior to yesterday’s breakout, on-balance volume was positive from after the June low. Then, in late August the first of three CBR Buy signals was triggered from my proprietary indicator, and a new MACD buy was triggered yesterday. Since continuation gaps are usually covered by profit-taking, try to buy this ETF at $118 with a target of $130 for a possible trading return of over 10%. Long-term investors should consider this ETF as a cornerstone investment representing the big-cap technology sector.   Click to Enlarge Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/09/trade-day-powershares-qqq-trust/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks Investors Should Buy From the Scrap Heap Abercrombie & Fitch Is Beyond All Hope Will Apple iPhones Be Made in the USA? 10 Pharma Stocks That Are Prescribed Under Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains Why MacBook Pro Fans Are Angry (Again) Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Pharma Stocks Under President Donald Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains 3 Naked Puts to Generate a $1000 in Holiday Cash Don’t Give up on Twilio Inc (TWLO) Stock Just Yet! Most Popular Most Commented The 7 Best Tech Stocks in the World 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 S&P 500 Seeing Some Consolidation Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You Apple Inc. (AAPL) Angers New MacBook Pro Fans Yet Again Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Virtual Reality News Dell plans to move VR content creation to the cloud Dell is planning thin clients that can be used to create VR content, with servers in the cloud providing the graphics horsepower By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Sep 23, 2016 3:58 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Dell's Latitude E7270 mobile thin client has Intel's Skylake processor. Credit: Dell More like this Dell to introduce new Wyse thin clients for Windows 8 Dell stops selling Android devices A new computer that defies category Video Mingis on Tech: From superfast SSDs to Bluetooth locks and solar shingles Dell wants to prove that you don't need a high-end GPU in your computer to create content for virtual reality headsets. Instead, the company wants to move VR content creation into the cloud with new computing products it plans to release. The goal is to add more mobility and security to VR content creation. Among the new products planned are thin clients that run applications stored in remote servers or appliances. The servers will have GPUs that power VR content creation on  virtual desktops. Virtual reality is an interesting market, and Dell will have products to talk about in the future, said Jeff McNaught, executive director of cloud client computing at Dell. Some products provide the linchpin to get the effort started, McNaught said. The company on Thursday released the Latitude E7270 Wyse mobile thin client, which has an Intel Skylake chip and an integrated GPU to handle client-side graphics. The company in May also started shipping the Precision Appliance for Wyse, a 2U rack server that can be packed with Nvidia graphics cards to power content creation on thin clients. As more data moves into the cloud, servers are getting busier processing data. Thin clients are already being used to create engineering applications and animation. It is also possible to deliver VR content over the web with emerging protocols like WebVR, which is under development but has already been integrated into Chrome and Firefox browsers. Dell's Wyse supports virtualization technologies from Microsoft, Citrix, VMware and Teradici. VMware became part of Dell after a recent US$67 billion merger with EMC, but the company will support all virtualization technologies. VR content creation on thin clients via centralized servers has its benefits, McNaught said. The data is secure on servers. Multiple thin client users can access the files on the servers and collaborate on content creation. Dell sells mobile and desktop thin clients with Windows, Linux and ThinOS, which is a proprietary Wyse OS. Thin clients are used in offices, airports, hospitals, classrooms, retail stores, casinos and other locations. Dell has built in local and cloud-based security features into its thin clients. Dell got into thin clients with the acquisition of Wyse Technology for about $600 million in 2012. It was bought as a way to boost Dell's client product portfolio and protect the company from a decline in PC sales. Wyse remains the top thin-client company, but companies like HP have competitive products and proprietary protocols. Other competitors include ClearCube and Ncomputing. Not all of Dell's thin clients have worked out. A failed product was the Cloud Connect, a thumb-sized PC that could plug into TVs. Originally called Project Ophelia, it had an Android OS and an interface and usage model similar to that of tablets. Project Ophelia was an interesting idea but the company didn't sell many of these. Customers wanted more USB ports and video capabilities, McNaught said. Dell has no product similar to Project Ophelia in the pipeline, but is keeping options open. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Virtual Reality Computer Hardware Windows PCs Cloud Computing 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources eBook Sponsored Fast-Forward Business with IT Automation Video/Webcast Sponsored Issues and Priorities in Modern Workload Automation: Supporting Analytics, Continuous Delivery and Digital Transformation Video/Webcast Sponsored Is Your Case Management Strategy Helping or Hurting your Business Operations? Video/Webcast Sponsored Learn Best Practices From 22 Smart Cities White Paper Three Mistakes IT Makes That Could Cost Your Organization Millions Go Top Stories Apple offers to repair iPhone 6 Plus devices with 'touch disease' Apple is offering to repair at a reduced price iPhone 6 Plus smartphones with display flickering or... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... Will Trump let China beat the U.S. in supercomputing? China and the U.S. are in a race to build bigger and faster supercomputers. Will the Trump... Going back to a small phone is a really big deal Some reflections on size and our most personal handheld gizmos. Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Review Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga: The shape of convertibles to come Lenovo’s latest laptop/tablet combo offers an excellent 14-in. display, a pressure-sensitive stylus and the ability to take on a variety of forms. By Brian Nadel | Follow Contributing Writer, Computerworld | Sep 23, 2016 3:00 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Lenovo More like this Yoga 3 Pro review: Intel's Core M processor delivers for this hybrid laptop Review: 4 mini-PCs give you full power in a very small package Lenovo's ThinkPad X1 Carbon Touch: A lightweight contender Video Mingis on Tech: From superfast SSDs to Bluetooth locks and solar shingles If you like the look of Lenovo's recently unveiled Yoga 910 and its 13.9-inch screen but need something a bit lighter, you may want to check out the 14-in. ThinkPad X1 Yoga. Both are convertible touch-screen laptops that fold back to become tablets, but the OLED display on the higher-end model (which is the one I reviewed) is one of the richest and most vibrant screens ever to grace a notebook. And unlike the Yoga 910, it's available right now. I've lived with the X1 Yoga for more than a month and it is one of the best designed and built computers I've ever come across. There are several models available. The entry-level model, which starts at $1,394 (vendor price), comes with a Core i5 CPU, 8GB of RAM and 128GB of SSD storage as well as an FHD (1920 x 1080) IPS touchscreen. The test model, which at the time of this writing cost $2,195 (vendor price), comes with a Core i7-6600U processor, an OLED WQHD (2560 x 1440) touchscreen, 16GB of memory and 256GB of storage. (A model with a 512GB drive is also available.) The system has Intel's latest Graphics 520 accelerator along with 128MB of dedicated video memory. The OLED display is very impressive. In my tests, it registered 240 candelas per square meter (Cd/m²) of brightness, which objectively doesn't compare well to some other OLED displays I've tested, such as the one that comes with HP's EliteBook Folio G1, which rated 411 Cd/m². However, while the HP was brighter, the X1 Yoga had the advantage on color richness and saturation -- it delivered rich and vivid images that made most other displays look dull. (Unfortunately, the display also picks up fingerprints faster than a TV detective; I found that I needed to wipe it clean daily.) Laptop to tablet The X1 Yoga's pair of lid hinges allow the display to smoothly rotate 360 degrees. In its "normal" configuration, it's a no-compromises keyboard-centric notebook with a stable screen that doesn't wobble too much when tapped. If you turn the screen around to face the other direction, it becomes a presentation system. You can also fold the screen down in a tent orientation for easy video viewing. Finally, flip the display all the way down over the keyboard, and the X1 Yoga becomes a very useable tablet (although the keyboard and screen portions remain about an eighth of an inch apart and don't lock together into a single unit). I used it as a tablet for taking notes, sketching and watching video on the road and was quite comfortable using it as such -- with one caveat: Measuring 0.7 x 13.1 x 9.0 in. and weighing 2.9 lb., the X1 Yoga is a bit large and heavy to hold and use as a tablet for more than about five minutes. It works much better on a lap or a table top. A top-notch laptop The X1 Yoga has a magnesium alloy chassis surrounded by a carbon fiber case. Its soft rubbery coating feels supple and the X1 Yoga's backlit keyboard (with two brightness settings) is very comfortable to use, with 19mm keys that provide excellent feedback and 2mm of key depth. Lenovo still offers its users two ways to direct the cursor: The system has a smooth 4.5-in. touchpad and a pointing stick located between the G, H and B keys. Its speakers are underneath the system so that when used in traditional notebook orientation, the audio is muffled. The full range of its sound comes out when it's in tablet, tent or presentation mode. It comes with three USB 3.0 ports, a mini DisplayPort, an HDMI port and audio-out port. There's a well-hidden micro-SD card slot next to the left hinge. The X1 Yoga includes a pressure-sensitive stylus that slides into a slot in the system's side, which also charges the stylus in about five minutes. I prefer the stylus set-up of Microsoft's Surface Pro, which lets you start up an app by clicking its top -- still, this is a useful addition. The X1 Yoga includes Bluetooth 4.1 and 802.11ac Wi-Fi, but no Ethernet port. One the left side, there is a proprietary OneLink+ connector that works with Lenovo's optional ThinkPad OneLink+ to RJ45 Adapter (which costs about $70 -- Amazon price)  to yield an Ethernet port. The ThinkPad OneLink+ Dock (which runs about $145 -- Amazon price) takes this a step further with ports for Ethernet and audio, as well as a pair of mini DisplayPort connections for multi-screen external video. It also includes four USB 3.0 and two USB 2.0 ports. The X1 Yoga has security covered with a fingerprint scanner and a second-generation Trusted Platform Module (TPM) for remote connections. In addition, its processor includes the vPro extensions for manageability and Intel's Trusted Execution Technology (TXT). Test results The X1 Yoga scored a reasonable 2,760 on the PCMark 8 benchmark tests, just ahead of the HP EliteBook Folio G1 touchscreen system, which has a slightly slower M7-6Y75 processor and scored 2,532. [ For specifics about our benchmarks, read: How we test Windows system performance ] While many other recent systems do without a fan, the X1 Yoga does come with one; this is probably why the system never got warmer than 96 degrees Fahrenheit. Its 3,150mAh battery powered the system for four hours and eight minutes as measured by PCMark 8's battery benchmark, which is in the ballpark for similar systems and indicates it should last a full day with normal on-and-off use. When I timed it while continuously playing videos, it ran for six hours and 21 minutes, which will get you through most intercoastal flights. In addition to Windows 10 Pro, the X1 Yoga came with Lenovo's Companion app, which can optimize the system and alert you to out-of-date software. Lenovo's one-year warranty can be extended to three years for a reasonable $109; three years of accidental damage protection adds $49. Bottom line Lenovo's ThinkPad X1 Yoga is more than the sum of its parts. It may not be at the top of the heap if you look at the performance, battery life or display numbers by themselves, but in practice, I found it did everything I needed to do and did it well -- and was, in fact, a joy to use. The main problem with the ThinkPad X1 Yoga, however, is its price. For example, compare it to a convertible such as the 15.6-in. Samsung Notebook Spin 7. At the time of this writing, the Lenovo site quoted a price of $2,195 (after an online discount) for a Core i7 system with 16GB RAM, a 512GB SSD and an AMOLED display, while the Samsung site gave a discounted price of $1,100 for a Spin 7 with a Core i7 processor, 16GB RAMM, 1TB HD/126GB SSD storage and a Full HD display. Even bearing other factors in mind (for example, the Samsung is larger and heavier, and comes with Windows 10 Home rather than Pro), that's a considerable gap. However, if you can get somebody to buy it for you -- or if price isn't an issue -- then the ThinkPad X1 Yoga should definitely be on your list. At a Glance ThinkPad X1 Yoga Lenovo Price (reviewed unit): $2,195 (vendor price) Pros: OLED screen with rich, vivid images; thin and lightweight; backlit keyboard; includes stylus; good security features Cons: Expensive when compared to similar systems; doesn't use newer USB-C port; screen doesn't completely lock flat when used as tablet To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Computer Hardware Windows PCs Mobile & Wireless Brian Nadel is a contributing writer for Computerworld and the former editor in chief of Mobile Computing & Communications magazine. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources eBook Sponsored Fast-Forward Business with IT Automation Video/Webcast Sponsored Issues and Priorities in Modern Workload Automation: Supporting Analytics, Continuous Delivery and Digital Transformation Video/Webcast Sponsored Is Your Case Management Strategy Helping or Hurting your Business Operations? Video/Webcast Sponsored Learn Best Practices From 22 Smart Cities White Paper Add Firm Ground to the Cloud Go Top Stories Apple offers to repair iPhone 6 Plus devices with 'touch disease' Apple is offering to repair at a reduced price iPhone 6 Plus smartphones with display flickering or... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... Will Trump let China beat the U.S. in supercomputing? China and the U.S. are in a race to build bigger and faster supercomputers. Will the Trump... Going back to a small phone is a really big deal Some reflections on size and our most personal handheld gizmos. Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Skip to navigation Skip to content This website uses some cookies to give you the best experience. We will assume you are happy with this, however you can accept/reject this here: Accept Reject Login with LinkedIn Login Sign up for free Menu Login / Register Search Search: Search Menu Navigation: Home Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Previous Events Interested in Hosting? Resource Centre Register Now Route Exchange What is Route Exchange? Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Requests For Proposals Airline Briefings Airline Opportunities Airline Start-Up Zone News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV More Careers Library Media Centre Testimonials Advertise With Us Search Search: Search Section Navigation: News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV Breaking News World Routes helps facilitate Condor’s latest transatlantic growth Breaking down the barriers to bring low-cost success to Central and South America Will President-elect Trump’s first act in office benefit aviation? IAG boss sees place for A380 in Iberia and Aer Lingus fleets Tropic Air delivers international flights to Chetumal View All World Routes arrives in Chengdu - a rising star in the 'land of abundance' World Routes News Header World Routes arrives in Chengdu - a rising star in the 'land of abundance' Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Posted 23 September 2016 11:00 Richard Maslen Editor, Routesonline LinkedIn Twitter Follow @routesonline 5,900 followers Chengdu’s increasing accessibility and dynamic economy have ensured that it is now recognised as a leading centre for foreign investment and development. Tax and investment incentives for foreign firms, together with low labour costs and high growth markets, have equipped Chengdu with a competitive edge to rival its coastal counterparts Shanghai, Beijing and Hong Kong. This year World Routes makes its return to China as senior network and business development executives, senior airline and airport management, tourism ministers and travel industry specialists, aircraft manufacturers and suppliers and members of the international, national, regional and aviation press will all meet at Century City New International Exhibition & Convention Centre in Chengdu for the 22nd World Route Development Forum. Since Durban last year it has been another constantly changing landacape for the aviation sector mainly due to external factors. The event will, once again, be the place to examine air services, find out about new market developments and get up-to-speed on the up-and-coming destinations. For airlines, airports, tourism authorities and other stakeholders, World Routes is the place to learn, to negotiate, to build relationships and to help shape a business so that it has the competitive edge it needs in the coming years to grow and thrive. This year's host city, Chengdu, is leading the way in the finance and technology sectors, having transformed itself into a leading commercial hub in Asia. Traditionally, coastal cities such as Shanghai, Beijing and Hong Kong have been China’s primary centres for business. Chengdu’s increasing accessibility and dynamic economy have ensured that it is now recognised as a leading centre for foreign investment and development. Tax and investment incentives for foreign firms, together with low labour costs and high growth markets, have equipped Chengdu with a competitive edge to rival its coastal counterparts. The ancient city of Chengdu has always been recognised as a 'land of abundance'. The city’s GDP reached $161.5 billion in 2015, an increase of 7.9% on the previous year, and a growth rate that was 1.1% higher than the national average. Human capital, central government support and development in major sectors such as logistics, finance and technology have contributed to Chengdu’s economic growth. Chengdu has also benefited from £5.3 billion of foreign investment. The city has witnessed substantial economic growth over the past decade, and is now home to more than 270 Fortune 500 companies, including IBM, Intel and Microsoft. The influx of the world’s most profitable companies has created a significant increase in demand for business travel within the region. Committed to consolidating its position as a leading area for foreign investment and business, Chengdu has embraced the concept of connecting the city with new air services. One of the most important frontiers for aviation, the Asia-Pacific region is forecast to lead world traffic by 2030. Much of the growth is predicted to come from the Chinese outbound travel market, which is expected to grow at an annual rate of 11% until 2030. With more than 100 airlines serving 191 destinations and over 250 routes, World Routes 2016 host Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport is mainland China’s fourth busiest aviation hub. The capacity of the airport is expected to increase to more than 63 million by 2020 and World Routes will provide delegates with a valuable insight into the significant air service opportunities the region has to offer. Chengdu has already begun to execute a strategy to accommodate this rapid increase in passenger traffic, through the construction of Chengdu Tianfu International Airport, which is expected to be completed in 2019. New infrastructure and air routes have also helped Chengdu to establish itself as a leading investment centre. With a dynamic economy and attractive growth prospects, Chengdu has been classed by the World Bank as a “benchmark city for the investment environment in inland China.” Each year the meetings between airlines and airports at World Routes are set against the economic and political backdrops of our time and once again the forum takes place against a backdrop of uncertainty in the aviation industry. Although airlines are predicted to post their biggest profits for some time, profit per passenger is still significantly less than the likes of Apple make per unit. As the world’s airlines, airports and stakeholders examine the markets they wish to serve, the only certainty we face is one of a constantly changing landscape within which we operate.  But, this is what makes events like this year’s 22nd World Route Development Forum so important to the industry. "With unique features, World Routes 2016 is unprecedented and has a great influence. It has attracted decision makers from world-famous airlines, airports, government organisations and tourism authorities. I sincerely hope that we can meet together here in Chengdu to discuss the strategy of global aviation development and share in the achievement of cooperation and communication," says Li Wei, board chairman, Sichuan Province Airport Group, the parent organisation of Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport. A packed schedule of meetings and profile raising opportunities are the beating heart of this world leading event. The dedicated Routes team are there to ensure that World Routes works for all delegates, making sure that the meeting opportunities, which directly affect route networks, are bigger and broader every year. More than 3,000 delegates from the world’s leading airlines, airports and tourism authorities are expected to attend this year’s World Routes from September 24 to 27, 2016. Alongside the meetings to discuss future air service opportunities, this year’s extensive conference programme will feature the World Routes Strategy Summit, Tourism Summit and Routes Talks. Each will cover a number of global issues affecting the aviation and tourism industries with a host of esteemed speakers and experts presenting. "We’re very grateful to this year’s host, Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport and their partners for their dedication and the hard work they have put into delivering this year’s event," said Adrian Newton, group director, aviation & technology, UBM EMEA. "I hope that you will take the time to explore the city, as well as take advantage of the many networking and educational opportunities at World Routes. Thank you for being part of Routes and this dynamic community. I hope you have a very productive few days and enjoy World Routes 2016." The Fundamentals of Route Development This essential download gives you all you need to get started with air service development. Based on the ASM training course by the same name, the exclusive guide explains the three rules of route development and presentation advice when pitching to potential partners. Download White Paper Share Article Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print About The Author... Richard Maslen Editor, Routesonline Richard leads the Routesonline community delivering content every day via our Airlineroute schedules blog and through regular features and analysis on latest developments and trends within the sector. With almost 20 years in the industry working for a number of aviation publications he brings the team a wealth of experience and insight. Questions? Leave a comment below or send him a tweet! Comments Related Organisations View Related Topics Routes Update World Routes 2016 Sichuan Airport Group Co, Ltd. Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport Related Stories Sichuan Airlines doubles Dubai service from Dec 2016 Posted 11 November 2016 11:00 Spring Airlines adds new SE Asia routes in W16 Posted 10 November 2016 06:40 Sichuan adds Jinan – Los Angeles service from Dec 2016 Posted 1 November 2016 15:40 Spring Airlines adds Chengdu – Siem Reap service in W16 Posted 21 October 2016 10:30 Tibet Airlines W16 A330 operations Posted 20 October 2016 08:00 Capital Airlines revises Madrid W16 operations Posted 18 October 2016 10:30 All Related Stories Top Stories Emirates reveals new A380 interior for ultra-long-haul routes Posted 16 November 2016 02:00 United Arab Emirates (UAE) carrier Emirates Airlines has confirmed it has adopted a new 516-seat configuration for future Airbus A380... Read more Lufthansa S17 European routes additions Posted 16 November 2016 17:15 Lufthansa today (16NOV16) announced a number of European routes additions for summer 2017 season, which will be gradually introduced in March and... Read more AerLingus adds new European destinations in S17 Posted 16 November 2016 06:00 AerLingus in summer 2017 season is adding two new European service from Dublin, including the offering of Porto in Portugal, and Split in Croatia.... Read more Back to Top Sign up for free Connect with us LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Facebook YouTube Miscellaneous Links Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Route Exchange Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Airline Opportunities About Route Exchange News & Media News Routes Update Press Releases Community Blog Routes TV Company About Us Contact Us Careers Accessibility Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap UBM (UK) Ltd., 113-115 Portland Street, Manchester, M1 6DW, United Kingdom T. +44 (0)161 234 2711 F. +44 (0)161 234 2727 Company Number: 00370721 © 2016 UBM (UK) Ltd., All Rights Reserved
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesCelebrate Startups At TechCrunch's Awards Show This February Grab Your Tickets Today machine learning How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming Student’s iDentifi app puts object recognition in the hands of the visually impaired SearchInk — Unlocking the handwritten past, and present, with machine learning Browse more... facial recognition Like by smiling? Facebook acquires emotion detection startup FacioMetrics The darker side of machine learning NTechlab aims new FindFace.Pro facial recognition service at businesses Browse more... megacams Is this the creepiest use of facial recognition tech yet? Posted Sep 23, 2016 by Natasha Lomas (@riptari) 0 SHARES Next Story Scientists get us a step closer to graphene implants Welcome to the future, where you can face search for a live sex webcam performer and be served real-life humans to your telescreen who vaguely resemble the object of your desire within, well, hours depending on how busy the site’s servers are. (The rush of tech reporters trying to satisfy their appetite to see who their own live sex ‘doppelganger’ might be yesterday clearly put a strain on Megacams.me‘s backend after it announced the new feature. On a ‘normal’ day the wait time is, presumably, more likely to be minutes.) The Belgian company behind the live sex search site is not disclosing which tech giant’s algorithms it is using to power the face search feature, given the adult use-case and the latter’s evident lack of desire to be associated with porn. But TechCrunch understands the API in question belongs to Microsoft — namely its Cognitive Services (née Project Oxford) visual image recognition APIs, and specifically its Face API which lets developers add the ability to detect human faces and compare similar ones, organize people into groups according to visual similarity, and identify previously tagged people in images. So, yes, if you build a facial recognition API the porn use-cases will come… Hey there, Developers! Developers! Developers! Pricing for Microsoft’s Face API offers 30,000 free look-ups per month, after which it charges $1.50 per 1,000 transactions, supporting a rate of 10 transactions per second. Megacams would say it is doing the face detection portion itself — using the openCV open source library of machine learning and computer vision software, which was originally developed by Intel. It claims to be the first live sex webcam site to implement face search. “A lot of people watching porn have someone in mind and try to fulfill this fantasy by  finding  a doppelgänger doing porn. Searching for it using textual searches is very hard, that’s where technology comes in. Facial recognition is far more accurate than any textual search could be,” it writes, announcing the feature. The feature requires users to upload a photo of their chosen visage (snapped front on) to be emailed links to similar looking webcam performers shortly thereafter, annotated with a percentage lookie-likie (or not-so-likie) score. “None of the image data is stored by Megacams, we just process it and then it’s then deleted after giving you search results to respect your privacy,” it notes. Of course the feature does not respect the privacy of the webcam performers themselves, whose risk of being outed by someone they know IRL surely rises steeply here — given it is possible to perform a photo search for someone you know in real life to see if they can be found in its database of more than 180,000 webcam performers. (Although whether you could be sure it is the real deal, rather than just a very good doppelgänger, is a whole other question. After all, on the Internet no one knows if you’re the real you or just an impressively studied copy… ) The company says that on average some 5,000 of the performers in its database are simultaneously online at any one time — thereby reducing the odds of coming across a really good likeness vs if they were parsing their entire database. (But presumably they want to drive users to a webcam performer who is logged on for business there and then.) “The face recognition algorithm is trained with cam performer images when they are online, so this algorithm is improving minute after minute,” it adds. Not-so-lookie-likie In the interests of reportage, I tested the feature using a photo of myself and the results were, let’s say, underwhelming on the likeness front. Although interestingly the algorithm appeared to judge my race as Asian or African-American/black based on facial features (I’m actually caucasian). Admittedly the photo I uploaded was intentionally more creepshot than corporate headshot — the former seemed more fitting given the context here: The best match it served was only rated at 47 per cent likeness (below). And, to my eye at least, looked off the mark, although you can kind of see the facial contours the algorithm is matching for…   The image at the top of this post was rated a 41 per cent likeness, and really doesn’t look anything like me IMO. The image below was also rated 41 per cent:   And that was about as close as it got. Every result it served with a likeness under 40 per cent might as well have been randomly selected. Safe to say, if you’re hoping technology can deliver a really impressive likeness of the subobject of your desire, on-demand and in fully articulated human form, you’re probably going to have to wait for face substitution tech to get a whole lot better. And/or hope for huge advances in humanoid robotics. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Megacams.me Overview Megacams is a free and private live sex search engine that allows users to search for your model of choice. Megacams offers cam performers from a lot of camsex platforms. All webcam models are checked and validated by hand and assigned categories manually. Megacams offers the ability to search by multiple filters like race, hair color, age, figure, but size, and a lot more. Categories Search Engine, Sex Industry, Cyber Security, Sex Tech Website http://megacams.me/ Full profile for Megacams.me Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla Acquisition of SolarCity Approved | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes machine learning facial recognition megacams Popular Posts Featured Stories Japanese unicorn Mercari is gunning for eBay’s crown 36 minutes ago | Haje Jan Kamps Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 2 hours ago | Sarah Perez Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 2 hours ago | Fitz Tepper Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 12 hours ago | Jon Russell Latest From TechCrunch Pokémon Sun and Moon break 3DS records with 10M units shipped globally 10 minutes ago | Darrell Etherington Listen makes phone numbers smarter with auto-responders, muting, reminders and more 19 minutes ago | Sarah Perez Seen enough? Here’s how to get the SEC’s attention 21 minutes ago | Connie Loizos Japanese unicorn Mercari is gunning for eBay’s crown 36 minutes ago | Haje Jan Kamps Comment moderation powered by Up Next Scientists get us a step closer to graphene implants Posted Sep 23, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 2 hours ago by Sarah Perez Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 23 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 2 hours ago by Fitz Tepper Niantic’s new invite-only “Portal Recon” tool lets players vote real-world locations into Ingress yesterday by Greg Kumparak Here’s the 19th batch of 500 Startups companies 49 minutes ago by Matthew Lynley Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 20 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation Nov 16, 2016 by Frederic Lardinois Report: Apple asked manufacturing partners to explore making iPhones in the U.S. 7 hours ago by Jon Russell 500 Startups ditches the ‘accelerator’ brand as it looks to differentiate 49 minutes ago by Matthew Lynley How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming 22 hours ago by Jeff Kavanaugh
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Storage Components News 0 Global PCIe SSD market to grow by a third every year to 2020 by Mark Tyson on 23 September 2016, 10:31 Tags: Micron (NASDAQ:MU), Samsung (005935.KS), Toshiba (TYO:6502), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Seagate (NASDAQ:STX), WD (NYSE:WDC), SanDisk (NASDAQ:SNDK) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac66y Add to My Vault: A new report by industry research and analysis outfit Technavio predicts big things for PCIe SSD market in the next few years. PCIe SSD sales are expected to grow at a CAGR of 33.24 per cent during the period 2016-2020. The likes of Intel, Micron, Samsung, Seagate, Western Digital, and Toshiba are set to benefit the most as they invest heavily in flash memory technology to provide the biggest, fastest PCIe storage solutions available. The bulk of new sales of PCIe SSDs aren't predicted to be in the enthusiast and consumer market, where the core HEXUS readership interests lie. Instead, researchers think that cloud-based "managed service data centres will be a key driver for market growth". The adoption of PCIe SSDs by such enterprises is expected to help them with the challenge of "lack of availability of constant low latency" storage. Faster SSDs and improved device array architecture can both help to address this issue that Data centre-based businesses are up against. The global PCIe SSD market CAGR over the next few years is rather impressive. The 33.24 per cent figure represents the average of the yearly uptick in sales over the period – not the total increase over the half decade. While Samsung, Micron, and Intel have already invested big in 3D NAND to enhance their product portfolios they will soon be joined at the cutting edge by memory tech development partners Toshiba and SanDisk. The Technavio report also states that Intel will be investing up to $5.5 billion in its China-based flash memory chip plant during the forecast period. Such investment, scale, and competition should help keep the downwards pressure on prices. Related Reading 1 Seagate intros Backup Plus 5TB mobile drives Based upon the new BarraCuda internal drives with 2.5-inch 1TB platter technology. 11 Seagate launches sixth and last generation of 15K HDDs Range of "World's Fastest Hard Drives" will not be further developed, as SSDs take over. 13 Does the Apple iPhone 7 32GB offer much slower storage? Tests and comparisons against higher capacity iPhone 6S and 7 models suggest so. Western Digital launches its first own-branded SATA client SSDs Seagate launches 2TB FireCuda mobile SSHD Total GPU shipments up over 20 per cent last quarter says JPR Samsung to build next-gen Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 SoC Intel and Disney collaborate for Shooting Star Drone Xmas shows HEXUS Forums :: 0 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Log in to be the first to comment! MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst 11 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 13 4 Intel to release an unlocked Kaby Lake Core i3 desktop CPU 4 5 Corsair Harpoon RGB 0 1 QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? 110 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Asus ROG launches the GX800 liquid cooled gaming laptop 14 4 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 13 5 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst 11 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Which? names Zen its Best Broadband Provider 2 Thrustmaster announces ultimate racing wheel for PC gamers 3 Cooler Master Launches MasterCase Pro 5 NVIDIA Edition 4 NETGEAR launches 802.11AC wireless access point to improve WiFi coverage 5 Buffalo enhances storage flexibility for users on the go with stylish portable external SSDs 6 WDC launches entry-level object storage system for cloud-scale challenges INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,194 Forum posts: 2,558,964 Forum threads: 246,655 Currently active users: 634 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.

Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Oakley’s Radar Pace Smart Sunglasses Will Be Going On Sale October 1 By Tyler Lee on 09/23/2016 01:50 PST The idea of smart glasses isn’t new. In fact one of the more prominent examples of smart glasses would be Google Glass. It boasted an interesting premise and had a lot of potential, although safe to say that the hype has died down somewhat. However Oakley’s is looking to bring back the trend with its Radar Pace smart sunglasses. As you can see in the image above, the sunglasses keeps to Oakley’s signature design which exudes a sporty and futuristic look. However under the hood, there are a pair of removable earphones, a host of sensors which includes an accelerometer, gyroscope, barometer and humidity and proximity sensors, three microphones, and it will also be powered by an Intel chip. Unfortunately unlike the Google Glass which seems to have some augmented reality leanings, there will not be information overlaid on the lenses of the glasses. Instead controls and information will be delivered to the user via Intel’s Read Audio natural language processing technology. Uses will be able to use features like Siri (if you’re on iOS) or Google Voice for Android users. There will be coaching provide so you can be assisted on your workout for that day. Unfortunately the glasses do not come cheap and are priced at $449 and will be available for purchase come 1st of October. Filed in Gadgets. Read more about Intel and Wearable Tech. Related Articles 2016-11-17 Apple Looking Into Monitoring Parkinson’s Disease With Apple Watch 2016-11-16 Fitbit & 2K To Reward NBA 2K17 Gamers If They Walk 10,000 Steps A Day 2016-11-16 Samsung Pay On Gear S3 Works With Handsets Running Android 4.4 And Up 2016-11-16 T-Mobile’s Gear S3 Frontier Will Cost You $50 More 2016-11-16 Hands-On Video Shows Nokia’s Moonraker Smartwatch In Action 2016-09-30 Intel’s Wearable Shows A Model’s Stress Levels On The Runway 2016-01-07 Daqri Unveils Helmet With X-Ray-Like Vision 2016-01-06 Intel & New Balance To Develop Smartwatch For Runners 2015-08-18 Fossil Unveils Trio Of Wearables At IDF 2015 Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs New HTC Bolt Rendering Leaked In Black Uncourage Keychain Helps Prevent Losing The iPhone 7’s 3.5mm Adapter User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
  You are here: Home > Business > Technology, Media and Telecom GoPro's Karma drone to arrive in China to stir the market 0 Comment(s)Print E-mail China Daily, September 23, 2016 Adjust font size: GoPro, which makes wearable sports cameras and accessories, recently unveiled its long-awaited consumer drone, aiming to ignite consumers' enthusiasm for distinctive video-making experience. Dubbed Karma, the device is priced at $799.99 and will go on sale in China on October 23. Karma's remote provides a video tutorial that simulates the conditions of flying the drone. [Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn] It features a compact, fits-in-a-small-backpack design and includes an image-stabilizing grip that can be handheld or mounted on vehicles, gear and more. Nick Woodman, founder and CEO, said in an interview that the drone, unveiled together with the company's latest action cameras Hero 5 and Hero 5 Session, is not just a piece of hardware but an end-to-end solution that provides content building and sharing under its own ecosystem. Nick Woodman, founder and CEO of GoPro Inc, unveils Karma during the company's products launch event held on September 19, 2016 in Squaw Valley, California. [Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn] "The more people, whether they own a GoPro or a smartphone, become visual storytellers, the larger our market share will grow," said Woodman. After years of investment boom in the drone sector in China, analysts say newcomers have to create new application scenarios to stimulate people's interest. Jean Xiao, a research manager who tracks drones and virtual reality at IDC China, said the sales of the GoPro drone will increase thanks to the number of GoPro's existing user base and the rise in fans of the brand in the country. "Compared with other quadcopters, the foldable drone has a higher price tag but is easier to handle," said Xiao. "Meanwhile, due to the limitations of the existing technologies in the consumer drone industry, policy regulations, such as flight duration and altitude, will not pose a big challenge to the device." Given the superior price and limited differentiation of the product, Xiao predicts that Karma will face a fierce competition with domestic brands in the country's market. "As performances of drones' CPUs get improved by chipmakers, such as Intel, Qualcomm and Nvidia, and also the technology integration with VR and artificial intelligence gets better, the next generation drone will become 'smarter'," she said. Chris Fang, senior client service executive at another consulting company GfK Retail and Technology China Co Ltd, also noted that the launch of Karma will push forward the brand awareness of GoPro in the consumer drone market. He said the removable 3-axis camera stabilizer and Karma Grip, which are shipped with the drone and available for capturing smooth handheld and gear-mounted footages, are creative combination rather than innovations. Staff member of GoPro demonstrates Karma to press after the company's products launch event held on September 19, 2016 in Squaw Valley, California. [Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn] Similar China-made handheld stabilizers have been on the market for several years and have secured a certain number of loyal users from the globe. "The industry is expecting a double-digit growth each year despite a tepid market," said Fang. "Technology bottlenecks such as battery life, facial recognition and obstacle avoidance and regulation uncertainty have all been considered in upcoming solutions." According to Fang, compared with domestic maker Xiaomi's price-oriented product and DJI's tech-centered drone equipped with optic flow sensor, GoPro's own user generated content platform will contribute to its own sales volume and support the brand's business expansion. The existing consumer drone market consists of three segments: aerial photography drones, handy drones with foldable airfoils and entertainment and sports drones. In late May, Beijing-based ZeroTech Intelligence Technology Co Ltd unveiled a pocket drone that specifically focuses on selfie. The product sold more than 10,000 units in the first month after it was launched. Statistics from IDC China's latest report show that in the first quarter of 2016, DJI dominated 70 percent market share of aerial photography drone. More products will make debut and drive the industry's development from variety of perspectives in the near future. After GoPro stepped into the consumer drone sector, more products manufactured by other brands, such as DJI, 3D Robotics and Parrot, are expected to launch new gears in the market. According to Beijing-based iResearch Consulting Group, the value of China's drone industry could rise as high as 75 billion yuan ($11.4 billion) in the next decade. At the end of 2025, the drones will be used largely for aerial photography, farm chemical spraying, forest protection and security, it said, adding that the civilian drone market has grown more than 50 percent in recent years. Follow China.org.cn on Twitter and Facebook to join the conversation. Print E-mail Related Israeli war jets shoot down Hamas drone over Gaza Strip U.S. drone strike kills 6 al-Qaida suspects in Yemen's Marib Five al-Qaida operatives killed by US drone in Yemen IS leader in Afghanistan killed in U.S. drone strike Go to Forum >>0 Comment(s) No comments. Add your comments... User Name Required Your Comment Enter the words you see:    Racist, abusive and off-topic comments may be removed by the moderator. Send your storiesGet more from China.org.cnMobileRSSNewsletter GoPro's Karma drone to arrive in China to stir the market GoPro, which makes wearable sports cameras and accessories, recently unveiled its long-awaited consumer drone, aiming to ignite consumers' enthusiasm for distinctive video-making experience. China Daily China Daily
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Top Semiconductor Stocks You Can Buy Today Many new tech investors wonder, "What is a semiconductor?" so we answered. Here are some of the top names in the semiconductor sector today. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Sep 22, 2016 at 10:09PM Image source: Getty Images. Much as the steam engine helped power the Industrial Revolution, semiconductors are in many ways the backbone that power today's information revolution. A semiconductor is a microchip that allows any computing device to carry out the instructions a program sets forth. The size of the semiconductor industry should continue to climb with the levels of technology in our daily lives, though the growth won't be evenly distributed. Here's a quick snapshot of some of the world's largest semiconductor companies today. Semiconductor Stock Ticker Symbol Market Cap Intel Nasdaq: INTC $168 Billion Taiwan Semiconductor NYSE: TSM $148 Billion Qualcomm Nasdaq: QCOM $91 Billion Broadcom Nasdaq: AVGO $67 Billion NVIDIA Nasdaq: NVDA $39 Billion NXP Semiconductor Nasdaq: NXPI $27 Billion Infinera  Nasdaq: INFN $1.2 Billion Data source: Google Finance. This is a diverse industry, but for now let's focus on some of the more compelling opportunities for investors in the semiconductor space today. Qualcomm Image source: Qualcomm. I'm a huge fan of Qualcomm's (NASDAQ:QCOM) business. The two core operating businesses -- Qualcomm CDMA Technologies (QCT) and Qualcomm Technology Licensing (QTL) -- both play important roles in driving the performance of this semiconductor stock. QCT, the chip business, dominates revenue production, having generated between 68% and 71%  of Qualcomm's total sales in each of the past three fiscal years. If you're familiar with Qualcomm's products, it's probably through one of the names that come from QCT -- its Snapdragon processor, which powers mobile devices produced by a wide range of OEMs, including Samsung, HTC, BlackBerry, Microsoft, and many others. The QTL division, meanwhile, produces a disproportionate amount of the company's operating profits. Thanks to its high-margin structure, it has accounted for 87% of Qualcomm's earnings before taxes in each of its past three fiscal years. This division is the straw that stirs Qualcomm's financial drink, and its outlook remains largely positive, thanks to the company's trove of patents relating to the foundational connectivity technologies that power 3G and 4G wireless devices. This potent financial engine helps make Qualcomm a powerhouse in terms of both earnings and dividend growth, making it worthy of serious consideration for income-oriented tech investors. As just one of many impressive dividend stats, Qualcomm has averaged 25% annual dividend growth over the past three years alone. Little wonder this company stands as one of the top semiconductors stocks on the market today. Image source: NVIDIA. NVIDIA It's easy to look at NVIDIA's (NASDAQ:NVDA) soaring stock price over the past several years -- up over 235% in the past two years alone -- and conclude that you missed the boat. However, NVIDIA's exposure to several long-term secular growth categories makes that unlikely to be the case. Considered a sleepy second fiddle to the biggest makers of mobile chips a few years ago, NVIDIA has skated where the figurative puck was heading in its industry. The company's high-end graphics processing chips have benefited from the rise of video-game trends such as multi-player online games and e-sports, and they'll probably continue to do so. This part of its business alone has led to impressive double-digit revenue growth in the gaming segment over the past several quarters. Yet that only scratches the surface of this top chip stock. The kind of graphics processing in which NVIDIA specializes is well positioned for emerging growth industries within technology. One such application is deep learning and artificial intelligence. For example, teaching a computer to recognize images of an item requires the ability to process those images, a task for which NVIDIA's graphics semiconductors are ideally suited. This kind of graphics-heavy AI functionality will serve as a cornerstone for other growth verticals involving image recognition, such as self-driving cars, speech recognition and translation, and medical imaging, to name just a few. It's for this reason analysts see NVIDIA's earnings per share growing at an average annual clip of 23.7% over the next five years. So while its forward P/E ratio of 33 isn't cheap, NVIDIA's place at the epicenter of several large tech growth markets still makes it one of the top tech stocks you can buy today. Image source: NXP Semiconductor. NXP Semiconductor With NXP Semiconductor's (NASDAQ:NXPI) stock essentially flat since its March 2015 merger announcement with Freescale Semiconductor, you might think the market isn't enamored with the Internet-of-Things play. But you'd be wrong. True, NXP Semiconductor's most recent quarterly report revealed some softness in demand for its various chips. NXP chief Rick Clemmer cited an "increased sense of caution" among the company's customers, and it bears reiterating that key NXP customers such as Apple are undergoing their own cyclical product sales slowdowns. Apple in particular is seeing its quarterly sales contract for the first time in 13 years. Taking the longer view, though, it's easy to see how NXP Semiconductor's potent combination of its leadership position across several core product categories and its long-term growth potential will translate into continued growth for its shareholders. Case in point: NXP Semiconductor stock currently trades at 27 times its trailing-12-month earnings, which is reasonable given that its average profit growth over the next five years is forecast at an astounding 27%. Perhaps the rise in the Internet of Things was somewhat overhyped in 2014-15, but as long as the trend continues to grow, NXP Semiconductor figures to benefit tremendously. Andrew Tonner owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Infinera, Nvidia, NXP Semiconductors, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Sep 22, 2016 at 10:09PM Technology and Telecom Stocks NXP Semiconductors NASDAQ:NXPI $98.83 up $0.77 (0.79%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $66.68 up $0.01 (0.01%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $93.19 up $0.80 (0.87%) Read More Better Buy: Qualcomm Inc or Texas Instruments Inc? Qualcomm, Inc. Is Buying NXP Semiconductors, NV: What You Need to Know NXP Semiconductors NV Stock History in 2 Charts 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 4 Signs NVIDIA's High-Growth Days Are Over Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Audiomedia International AV-iQ Installation-International Mix Online PSN Europe Residential Systems More BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast & Production Digital Video Government Video Licensing.biz Radio Magazine Radio World CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING Bike Biz Develop MCV Mobile Entertainment PCR Toy News EDUCATION Edu Wire School CIO Tech & Learning The AV/IT resource for successful integrators, consultants, and end users. Search Menu Daily News & Updates from:   Brands ‹ Back AVTechnology Digital Signage Weekly Systems Contractor AVNetwork News ‹ Back News Briefs ‹ Back New Products ‹ Back Industry Events ‹ Back Calendar Events ‹ Back View All News   Samsung and Harman and the Road Forward Nov 17, 2016 Yorktel Opens Tokyo Office in APAC Expansion Nov 17, 2016 Calibre Appoints Stampede Global Distribution Partner Nov 17, 2016 View All Features ‹ Back Business ‹ Back Installations ‹ Back Profiles ‹ Back Videos ‹ Back View All Features   Meet Your Manager: Joseph Moreau, Foothill College, De Anza Community College District Nov 18, 2016 Embracing Change: Envisioning a Future Focused On Scalable Software Solutions Nov 16, 2016 Optimizing the Features of a Digital Canvas Nov 14, 2016 View All Insights & Blogs ‹ Back Editor's Views ‹ Back Expert Voices ‹ Back Blogs ‹ Back View All Insights & Blogs   AV Hardware: Vaporizing Into the Cloud Oct 27, 2016 The Pursuit of the Intuitive User Interface Oct 27, 2016 Specifying a Secure AV System Oct 27, 2016 View All Insights Resource Center ‹ Back Magazine Digital Editions ‹ Back Integration Guides ‹ Back Tech Manager Guides ‹ Back Digital Signage Guides ‹ Back Special Event Guides ‹ Back Webinar Archive ‹ Back View All Resource Center   SCN—The Integration Guide to Control Room Signal Management Nov 17, 2016 SCN Digital Edition—August 2016 Nov 07, 2016 SCN Digital Edition—October 2016 Nov 07, 2016 View All Subscribe ‹ Back AVT Newsletter SCN Newsletter DSM Newsletter AVT Digital Subscription SCN Digital Subscription DSM Digital Subscription Customer Service Cancel Articles Videos Blogs The Wire All results Articles Videos Blogs The Wire Home AV Technology Byte-Sized Lesson In IP/AV: Security of AV Devices On The Network Posted on Sep 22, 2016 By Phil Hippensteel Share Tweet Email The security of our AV devices is the leading focus of discussions in the AV industry today. Some are forecasting a future full of security compromises, embarrassments, and even liability claims. Others say that view is an overreaction. They are convinced that our networked devices can be separated and locked down. I believe that if we don’t educate ourselves and practice diligence, the first opinion is eventually more likely to be more correct than the second. In this Byte-Sized Lesson, I’ll elaborate on why I hold this view. AV devices are evolving quickly. Ten or 15 years ago: ● AV devices were each essentially fixed functions and never needed to be upgraded. ● None, or almost none, were connected to an Ethernet/IP network or the Internet. ● You needed to be physically present at the device in order to configure or manage the device. However, today, any or all of these statements could be false about a typical AV device. Today’s AV systems are more often embedded devices using an embedded operating system (OS). According the IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers), an embedded system is a computer system built into a larger device that usually has a specialized purpose. Encoders, transcoders, gateways and signal processors fit this definition nicely. There are two essential components here—the embedded processor and the operating system. The best way to understand their role is to consider examples. Toshiba, Intel, Analog Devices, and many more companies make embedded devices. One of them, ST Microelectronics, is a multi-billion dollar manufacturer of embedded microcontrollers. Some of these are used in the audio industry. According to Michael Markowitz, their STM-32 microcontroller family has a very large market share with support for several operating systems. They recently added STSAFE-A100, a capability with built-in authentication, secure communication, and key provisioning. Remote communications is secured with TLS (Transport Layer Security), which is used across the computer industry. There are dozens of embedded operating systems. Just a few of these include Android, Ubuntu Touch, Windows CE, and Yocto Linux. VXWorks, used by AMX, is an embedded OS that is widely used across several industries. It features a full TCP/IP stack, FAT compatible file system (like USB sticks), a firewall, mobile IP, a C+ compiler, and other features commonly found in Windows, Linux and Apple computer systems. Therefore, like any other computer system, it must be configured and managed properly to be secured. Prysm, a manufacturer of large displays and collaboration solutions, focuses on the security of the content and video that is exchanged among participants. They use AES (Advanced Encryption Standard) which is widely accepted as very secure. Paul Harris, of Aurora Multimedia Systems, said that their transceivers are based on commonly available embedded systems. However, Harris suggests that device developers should not follow the embedded system manufacturer’s reference design. That design is often published, making the system more vulnerable. So, what does this all mean for the AV industry? First, I don’t think we are at a point where security of our devices is currently critical. Most Linux or Linux-derived devices are thought to be lower priority targets for hackers. However, Linux is rapidly growing in popularity. So the target is getting larger. I believe we must: ● Continue to educate ourselves about computer and network security. Our ignorance is the hacker’s best friend. ● Make security of our AV devices a high priority, on par with the security of our pcs and business systems. ● Expect AV device manufacturers to make security a dominant design criterion. The IT industry is watching development in the AV industry. A spokesperson for Symantec, a leading vendor of IT security products, already has subsections focused on embedded devices in medical, aerospace and industrial control. As the AV industry evolves, you can expect companies like Symantec to appear. Phil Hippensteel, PhD, teaches information systems at Penn State Harrisburg. Tags: No tags found Share Tweet Email You may also like Panasonic Releases Update for VariCam LT Facilitating RAW Signal Output PixelFLEX Brings Augmented Reality to LDI 2016 Read Next: HARMAN Presents New Technical Contributions at AES 2016 … Popular Stories Samsung Acquires Harman in $8B Deal By Duncan Proctor - Nov 14, 2016 PixelFLEX Demos Augmented Reality LED Technology By AV Network Staff - Nov 16, 2016 Alpha Video Scores Big with Tech Expo at U.S. Bank Stadium By Kirsten Nelson - Nov 17, 2016 Updates Sent Straight to Your Inbox! AV Technology Systems Contractor News Digital Signage Magazine News Feed Samsung and Harman and the Road Forward Yorktel Opens Tokyo Office in APAC Expansion Calibre Appoints Stampede Global Distribution Partner Metro Tech Reps Announces Manufacturer Lineup Legrand Releases Major Wattstopper Software Updates Bosch Security Systems, Sony Partner on Video Security Alpha Video Scores Big with Tech Expo at U.S. Bank Stadium Matrox C900 Certified with DigiSHOW Digital Signage Software Electric Zoo Goes Wild For L-Acoustics KS28 Clay Paky and grandMA2 for Stevie Nicks's Tour 5" Touch Screen, Black Smooth by Crestron Electronics, Inc.. Model: TSW-560-B-S 5" Touch Screen with Optional Camera or Microphone, Black Smooth by Crestron Electronics, Inc.. Model: TSW-560-NC-B-S 5" Touch Screen, White Smooth by Crestron Electronics, Inc.. Model: TSW-560-W-S Audinate Debuts Dante Analog Output Module FOH Pro Divens Outfits Personal Mix Room Dusk Music Festival Debuts with MLA Symetrix DSP upgrades Qatar college auditorium Panasonic develops 10-year maintenance-free projector Signal management: primary applications of networked AV TiO Partners with LifeStyle Homes, Indian River Sight and Sound Screen Innovations Appoints New Director of Commercial Sales ProSource Completes Slate of Local Town Hall Meetings News Features Insights & Blogs Resource Center AVT Subscriptions DSM Subscriptions SCN Subscriptions About Us Contact Us Advertise Events Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use RSS Feeds Log In Newsletters Ad choices Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright © 2016 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
High alert: Fadnavis says all precautions are being taken By Fadnavis who is enroute to Mumbai from United States, spoke to the state Director General of Police Satish Mathur, Mumbai Police Commissioner Dattatray Padsalgikar and Intelligence Commissioner. Buy VA Tech Wabag; target of Rs 781: SPA Financial - Mahagams to save Rs 2,000 cr on ash transportation, provide News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Current Affairs Sep 23, 2016, 09.30 AM | Source: PTI High alert: Fadnavis says all precautions are being taken Fadnavis who is enroute to Mumbai from United States, spoke to the state Director General of Police Satish Mathur, Mumbai Police Commissioner Dattatray Padsalgikar and Intelligence Commissioner. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 High alert: Fadnavis says all precautions are being taken Fadnavis who is enroute to Mumbai from United States, spoke to the state Director General of Police Satish Mathur, Mumbai Police Commissioner Dattatray Padsalgikar and Intelligence Commissioner. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis appealed to citizens not to panic and said all precautions are being taken after a high alert was sounded along the Mumbai coast and adjoining areas today after a group of men were spotted moving suspiciously near a naval base at Uran in Raigad district. Fadnavis who is enroute to Mumbai from United States, spoke to the state Director General of Police Satish Mathur, Mumbai Police Commissioner Dattatray Padsalgikar and Intelligence Commissioner. "CM @Dev_Fadnavis spoke to DGP , @CPMumbaiPolice and Intel Comm. All precautions are being taken. Massive combing operations are on," the CMO Maharashtra tweeted. "State &Central forces are working in close Cordination. CM @Dev_Fadnavis has appealed citizens not to panic. Situation under close vigil," it said in another tweet. A high alert was sounded along the Mumbai coast and adjoining areas today after a group of men were spotted moving suspiciously near a naval base at Uran in Raigad district, leading to multi-agency search operations by multiple agencies. Tags  Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis high alert Raigad district Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 High alert: Fadnavis says all precautions are being taken See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Was Narendra Modi forced to abort RBI's plan to calibrate ATMs? #Cartoon: A poor man of India carrying a cross Delta Corp up 5% as Rakesh Jhunjhunwala buys shares Demonetisation: Pain to India's informal sector may be prolonged Banks to take one-day break from currency exchange on Saturday Petronet bets on LNG-fuelled vehicles to drive up demand Karnataka HC orders winding up of Kingfisher Airlines Limited HDFC sells Rs 869 cr Unitech loan to JM Financial ARC Urban cooperative banks blame commercial lenders for cash crisis See all Video of the day IT at attractive valuations, plan to top up holdings: Ashburton Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 | Budget 2016 RBI Credit Policy News Archive Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login
null
null
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Opinion Business Go! Voices NY Data Obituaries Video-Photo Travel Archives Insider USA TODAY More Home News Sports Opinion Business Go! Voices NY Data Obituaries Video-Photo Travel Archives Insider USA TODAY Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 18 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest What's next for upstate? Scandal clouds some projects Gov. Andrew Cuomo has prided himself on efforts to improve the upstate economy. Post to Facebook What's next for upstate? Scandal clouds some projects Gov. Andrew Cuomo has prided himself on efforts to improve the upstate economy.  Check out this story on pressconnects.com: http://press.sn/2d0BUjJ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. What's next for upstate? Scandal clouds some projects Joseph Spector , jspector@gannett.com | @gannettalbany 6:43 a.m. EDT September 23, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Attorney General Eric Schneiderman charged SUNY Polytechnic Institute President Alain Kaloyeros on Thursday with three felony counts related to bid rigging. Courtesy: AG's office Charts on display as Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York outlines charges of federal corruption on eight defendants in New York State, Sept. 22, 2016. (Photo: Mark Vergari/The Journal News) 18 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE ALBANY — Gov. Andrew Cuomo has prided himself on efforts to improve the upstate economy. Now, some of his major initiatives are caught in a criminal corruption case that has ensnared some of his closest allies. The arrests Thursday of 10 developers and state officials put a dark cloud over Cuomo's upstate initiatives and led to calls that the projects should not be derailed by the criminal proceedings. Former Lt. Gov. Robert Duffy, who heads the Greater Rochester Chamber of Commerce, said plans for a $600 million photonics center through the SUNY Polytechnic Institute should not be impacted by Thursday's events. "I expect it to move forward based upon the strength of its economic development potential and its many public and private partners," Duffy said in a statement. ►SUNY Poly’s influence imperiled by scandal ►Ten charged in sweeping NY corruption case ►Ziti, The Sopranos and more: Highlights from the Albany corruption complaint SUNY Poly president Alain Kaloyeros was charged with federal and state felonies for allegedly steering contracts to private developers in Buffalo, Syracuse and Albany. Under Kaloyeros, SUNY Poly's influence grew across upstate as it built strong ties with the leading companies in the nanotechnology industry, including IBM, Intel and GlobalFoundries. He was hailed as the key driver and visionary for the nanocenter in Albany: The state owned the facilities that the private companies used for research and development. The model was replicated across upstate, including plans for the Rochester facility and a massive plant in Utica. But critics said Kaloyeros wanted too much power: He battled local officials in Rochester over where to place the photonics center. Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-Fairport, Monroe County, said she's pleased Kaloyeros is off the project. He was put on unpaid leave. "I have never before met anyone so insistent on being in total control than Dr. Kaloyeros," Slaughter said, saying local officials had to "tangle with his ego." Cuomo had praised Kaloyeros, even after he was put under the federal microscope last year. And Cuomo has said previously that whatever the outcome of the federal probe, upstate projects would not be slowed. But there have been some issues: In a few cases, payments for SUNY Poly projects were delayed. On Thursday, he said, any misdeeds would not be tolerated. "SUNY has rightly relieved Alain Kaloyeros from his duties and has suspended him without pay, effective immediately," Cuomo said in a statement. Some upstate leaders implored the state to not be distracted by the scandal. SUNY officials said it put executive vice chancellor Alexander Cartwright in charge of SUNY Poly on an interim basis. Adam Cohen, the FBI's special agent in Buffalo, said the corruption charges hurt the opportunity to rebuild the region. Cuomo has pledged $1 billion to revive Buffalo, and the main developer on the project, LPCiminelli, was accused of bid rigging and corruption Thursday. "The people arrested today personally tarnished an historic opportunity that they had no right to tamper with," Cohen said. "They compromised the integrity of government and impeded the promise of liberty." 18 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://press.sn/2d0BUjJ TOP VIDEOS 911 call: I'm being attacked by bear; I'm going to die 1:05 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Dad builds phenomenal costumes for his son 0:49 Christie's ex-aide invokes Fifth as office subpoenaed 1:06 Iconic 'National Geographic' 'Afghan Girl' arrested 0:41 Toxic metals found in kids' Halloween makeup 1:11 Vatican says keep your loved one's ashes off the mantel 0:24 Baby uses hearing aids for the first time 0:25 Girl Scout cookie cereal is a real thing and happening soon 1:10 More Stories As deer season opens, a timeless battle begins Nov. 18, 2016, 11:50 a.m. Travel agent stole $13K from anniversary couple, DA says Nov. 18, 2016, 11:29 a.m. Metro population shrinks, gets smarter and more diverse Nov. 18, 2016, 11:23 a.m.

Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»DynTek Announces Results for Fiscal Year 2016 and Declares a Quarterly Dividend / Company Reports 18% Increase in Annual Revenues, a 16% Increase in Annual Gross Profit, and Over 29% Increase in Annual EBITDA; Company Declares Dividend of $0.15 per Share 22.09.2016 | 22:46 (3 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Marketwired·Mehr Nachrichten von Marketwired DynTek Announces Results for Fiscal Year 2016 and Declares a Quarterly Dividend / Company Reports 18% Increase in Annual Revenues, a 16% Increase in Annual Gross Profit, and Over 29% Increase in Annual EBITDA; Company Declares Dividend of $0.15 per Share NEWPORT BEACH, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 09/22/16 --DynTek, Inc. (OTC PINK: DYNE), a leading provider of professional technology services, today announced results for its fourth fiscal quarter and for fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. The 2016 audited financial statements and notes thereto are available on the OTC website under our symbol, DYNE. DynTek has restated its 2014 and 2015 financial statements to correct historical income tax accounting of non-cash interest items. Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2016 DynTek reported revenues of $176,932,000 for the year ended June 30, 2016, an increase of $26,972,000 or 18.0%, from $149,960,000 in the prior year ended June 30, 2015. Gross profit of $28,704,000 for the year ended June 30, 2016 increased $4,026,000 or 16.3% as compared to $24,678,000 in the prior year ended June 30, 2015. This year over year revenue and gross profit increase is primarily attributable to several multi-million dollar deals with government customers in the New York district. Total operating expenses were $23,059,000 in the year ended June 30, 2016, an increase of $2,753,000 or 13.6%, as compared to $20,306,000 in the prior year ended June 30, 2015. This increase over prior year is primarily due to increased selling expense in relation to increased revenue and earnings. DynTek reported EBITDA of $6,561,000 for the year ended June 30, 2016, an increase of $1,503,000 or 29.7%, as compared to $5,058,000 in the prior year. Net income was $2,915,000 for the year ended June 30, 2016, or $1.27 per diluted share, a decrease of $2,360,000, or 44.7%, and $1.05 per diluted share, over the restated net income of $5,275,000 and $2.32 per diluted share in the year ended June 30, 2015, primarily due to an income tax benefit in fiscal year 2015 related to the elimination of a prior uncertain tax position. "This fiscal year featured so many key highlights for our organization including record revenue and profit, the successful delivery of several large and complex customer engagements, and winning Intel Security's Partner of the Year, Americas," said Ron Ben-Yishay, DynTek's chief executive officer. "We are extremely proud of our team's ability to continue to grow and develop the business. We have a keen focus on architecting and implementing technology solutions that satisfy our client's biggest needs and challenges in area such as cybersecurity, data center optimization and cloud computing." Fourth Fiscal Quarter Ended June 30, 2016 DynTek reported revenues of $50,511,000 for the fourth fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016, an increase of $13,930,000 or 38.1%, from $36,581,000 in the prior fourth quarter ended June 30, 2015. Gross profit was $9,262,000 for the fourth fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016, an increase of $2,585,000 or 38.7%, from $6,677,000 in the prior year fourth quarter ended June 30, 2015. This quarter over prior year quarter increase is attributable to a significant multi-million dollar deal in the New York district that impacted revenue by $13.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. Total operating expenses were $7,175,000 in the fourth fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016, an increase of $1,412,000 or 24.5%, as compared to $5,763,000 in the prior year fourth quarter ended June 30, 2015. This increase quarter over prior year quarter is primarily due to higher selling and general and administrative expenses associated with higher gross profit and earnings. DynTek reported EBITDA of $2,704,000 for the fourth fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016, an increase of $1,366,000 or 102.1%, as compared to $1,338,000 in the prior year fourth quarter. Net income was $1,341,000 for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2016, or $0.58 per diluted share, a decrease of $2,413,000 or 64.3% and $1.06 per diluted share, over the restated net income of $3,754,000 and $1.64 per diluted share in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2015, primarily due to an income tax benefit in fiscal year 2015 related to the elimination of the prior uncertain tax position. Dividend On September 21, 2016, based on continued strong performance, DynTek's Board of Directors declared another quarterly dividend of $0.15 per share of common stock to be paid on October 13, 2016 to shareholders of record at the close of business on October 3, 2016. The dividend represents a 33% increase over last quarter's dividend. The Company had 2,264,390 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of September 21, 2016. EBITDA The Company defines EBITDA as net income from operations before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and stock-based compensation. Other companies may calculate EBITDA differently. Although EBITDA is a widely used financial indicator of a company's ability to service debt, it is not a recognized measure for financial statement presentation under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as superior or as an alternative to net income or to cash flows from operating activities as determined in accordance with GAAP. Nonetheless, the Company believes that EBITDA provides useful supplemental information for investors and others to measure operating performance, especially in situations where a company has significant non-cash operating expenses that are not indicative of core business operating results. EBITDA is widely used in the IT services industry to analyze comparable company performance, and management of the Company also uses EBITDA, in addition to GAAP information, as a measure of operating performance for assessing its business units. About DynTek DynTek is a leading provider of professional technology services to mid-market companies, such as state and local governments, educational institutions and commercial entities in the largest IT markets nationwide. From virtualization and cloud computing to unified communications and collaboration, DynTek provides professional technology solutions across the three core areas of our customers' technical environment: Infrastructure/Data Center, Microsoft Platforms, End Point Computing. DynTek's multidisciplinary approach allows our clients to turn to a single source for their most critical technology requirements. For more information, visit http://www.dyntek.com. Follow Us Online: Twitter: @DynTek DynTek on Facebook DynTek on LinkedIn Forward Looking Statements This press release contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements made in this press release, involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to materially differ from the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, our success in reaching target markets for services and products in a highly competitive market; our ability to maintain existing customers and attract future customers; our ability to finance and sustain operations, including our ability to comply with the terms of the revolving line of credit and the Company's other existing and future indebtedness; our ability to achieve profitability and positive cash flow from operations; our ability to maintain business relationships with IT product vendors; the size and timing of additional significant orders for our products and services and our ability to fulfill such orders; the continuing desire of state and local governments to outsource to private contractors and the availability of budgets to place orders for our products and services; our ability to retain skilled professional staff and certain key executives; the performance of our government and commercial technology services; and the continuation of general economic and business conditions that are conducive to outsourcing of IT services. We have no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances occurring after the date of such statements. DYNTEK, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY
              CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                           (EBITDA presentation)
         (Unaudited, in thousands, except share and per share data)

                                                     Quarter    Fiscal Year
                           Quarter    Fiscal Year     Ended        Ended
                            Ended      Ended June    June 30,     June 30,
                           June 30,       30,          2015         2015
                             2016         2016      (restated)   (restated)
                         -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------

REVENUES
  Product revenues       $    41,728  $   143,255  $    27,532  $   115,612
  Service revenues             8,783       33,677        9,049       34,348
                         -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
  TOTAL REVENUES              50,511      176,932       36,581      149,960
                         -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------

COST OF REVENUES
  Cost of products            34,517      121,041       22,177       96,830
  Cost of services             6,732       27,187        7,727       28,452
                         -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
  TOTAL COST OF REVENUES      41,249      148,228       29,904      125,282
                         -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
GROSS PROFIT                   9,262       28,704        6,677       24,678
                         -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------

OPERATING EXPENSES
  Selling                      5,183       17,845        4,192       15,761
  General and
   administrative              1,947        5,034        1,532        4,404
  Depreciation and
   amortization                   45          180           39          140
                         -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
  TOTAL OPERATING
   EXPENSES                    7,175       23,059        5,763       20,306
                         -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------

INCOME FROM OPERATIONS         2,087        5,645          914        4,372

EBITDA                         2,704        6,561        1,338        5,058

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)
  Interest expense              (251)      (1,186)        (283)      (1,205)
                         -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
TOTAL OTHER EXPENSE             (251)      (1,186)        (283)      (1,205)
                         -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------

INCOME BEFORE INCOME
 TAXES                         1,836        4,459          632        3,167
  Income tax (provision)
   benefit                      (495)      (1,544)       3,122        2,108
                         -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
NET INCOME               $     1,341  $     2,915  $     3,754  $     5,275
                         ===========  ===========  ===========  ===========

NET INCOME PER SHARE:
  Basic                  $      0.60  $      1.31  $      1.73  $      2.43
                         ===========  ===========  ===========  ===========
  Diluted                $      0.58  $      1.27  $      1.64  $      2.32
                         ===========  ===========  ===========  ===========

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER
 OF SHARES:
  Basic                    2,221,056    2,219,155    2,173,165    2,171,799
                         ===========  ===========  ===========  ===========
  Diluted                  2,314,948    2,296,567    2,283,605    2,270,625
                         ===========  ===========  ===========  ===========

 For more information, contact: Linda Ford DynTek, Inc. 949-271-6705 Email Contact © 2016 Marketwired Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People Courts D.C. Court Gets Latest Media Ownership Appeal By John Eggerton Nov 17, 2016 Content Oxygen Clicks Into Digital Media For New Shows By R. Thomas Umstead Nov 17, 2016 Broadband Broadband Coalition: Don't Re-regulate BDS By John Eggerton Nov 17, 2016 OTT ‘Dust’ Goes Over-the-Top With Short-Form Sci-Fi By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 17, 2016 Wheeler: No Decision on Departure Date By John Eggerton Nov 17, 2016 Bounce TV to Launch ‘Brown Sugar’ SVOD Service By R. Thomas Umstead Nov 17, 2016 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community The Bauminator Apple Said to Be Chopping App Fees for Video Services By Jeff Baumgartner The Bauminator Google Testing 4K-HDR Box for Fiber TV: Report By Jeff Baumgartner Picture This Holidays Come to TV Early By R. Thomas Umstead MCN Guest Blog Strengthening the Cord With Cause-and-Effect Analysis By Marek Polonski, APT MCN Online Extra -- Nov. 14, 2016 By MCN Staff Dan Rather Trumped Election Prognosticators By R. Thomas Umstead Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Nov 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 Nov 07, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 Oct 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Oct 24, 2016 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights Transactions Warner Bros. Deals for Machinima By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 17, 2016 OTT PlayStation Vue Bites Into Apple TV By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 17, 2016 Broadband Broadband Coalition: Don't Re-regulate BDS By John Eggerton Nov 17, 2016 OTT ‘Dust’ Goes Over-the-Top With Short-Form Sci-Fi By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 17, 2016 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News1 Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Sep 22 2016 Broadband Arris Expands DOCSIS 3.1 Gigabit Gateway Family Adds set of products to D3.1 product mix for MSOs 9/22/2016 3:05 PM Eastern By: Jeff Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator From left to right: TG3462, TG3442, TG3452 Arris has followed up its first retail-focused DOCSIS 3.1 product with a set of D3.1-powered gateway products for service providers.   New to the company’s D3.1 family are: -The TG3442, a gigabit gateway with whole-home WiFi at an “entry-level price point.” -The TG3452, a “performance-tier” telephony gateway with “carrier-grade video” over WiFi capabilities. -The TG3462, a premium-tier telephony gateway that tacks on multiple IoT radios and 8x8 WiFi.   Arris did not disclose if the silicon supplier underpinning those products is Broadcom or Intel.  Arris said it plans to submit its new line of D3.1 products for certification testing at CableLabs.   Arris’s first retail-facing D3.1 product, the SB8200, achieved certification earlier this year. Vendors with products that have also been certified for D3.1 include Humax, Sagemcom, Askey, CastleNet, Netgear, Technicolor and Ubee Interactive.   Get complete coverage of Cable-Tec Expo 2016   Arris (booth 1074) will show off its new wares at next week’s SCTE/ISBE Cable-Tec Expo in Philadelphia   Arris also announced the launch of the Touchstone Development Partner Program, which opens up the platform to software development partners. Initial partners include embedUR Systems and SamKnows. Arris will also provide services for testing, certifying, and deploying applications in service provider networks under that program.  Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Newsletter Here! TAGS: SCTE    Cable-Tec Expo 2016    Arris    DOCSIS 3.1    #CableTecExpo    Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: Terri Hines Appointed Executive Vice President, Communications at Fox Sports Artel Video Systems Welcomes Chris Riello as Vice President of Product Development Sean “Diddy” Combs’ Revolt Tv To Exclusively Air Popular “Drink Champs” Podcast, Hosted By Rapper N.O.R.E. And Dj Efn Byron Allen’s Entertainment Studios Hires Michael Clark As Vice President Of Digital Advertising Sales For The Grio The National Association For Multi-Ethnicity In Communications And The Emma Bowen Foundation Partner To Launch Online Professional Network CTHRA Seeks Input for 2017 Industry Compensation Surveys Survey Planning Meetings Set for Atlanta Comcast Business Announces $30 Million Investment to Expand High-Performance Ethernet Network in City of Philadelphia WICT Announces Betsy Magness Leadership Institute Call for Applications MTV Live Launches Monthly Music Series “MTV Live Setlist” Debuting Saturday, November 19 At 9:00 PM ET/PT With Swedish Singer, Songwriter Léon Fight Sports Launches On DAZN In Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Japan Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → What A&E Wants You to Know About ‘Live PD’ FCC Takes Aim at DirecTV Now PlayStation Vue Offers Big 4 Broadcast TV Feeds in All O&O Markets Charter Launches Low-Cost Broadband Service Comcast Won't Authenticate Subs for New Starz App Related Stories RCN to Launch 1-Gig in Philadelphia Area Jeff Baumgartner - 11/16/2016 01:32:00 PM America/New_York RCN Corp. will beat Comcast to the punch in the Philadelphia Videotron Sparks DOCSIS 3.1 Deployment Jeff Baumgartner - 11/15/2016 05:39:00 PM America/New_York Canadian cable operator Videotron said it has begun Analyst: U.S. Telcos May Never Generate Fixed-Data Sub Growth Again Jeff Baumgartner - 11/14/2016 10:53:00 AM America/New_York As U.S. cable operators continue to dominate broadband Subscribe Now Events See All Events → December Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Convene,&nbspNew York,&nbspNY Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Freeze Frame -- Oct. 17, 2016 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Tuesday, Sept. 27 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Monday, Sept. 26 Freeze Frame -- Sept. 12, 2016 See All → Big Ten Network Debuts Doc for ‘Game of the Century’ Nov. 21 Kroner to Retire at AMC Nets as Juvelis, Maiella Move Up CTA: Half of America Is Buying Tech During Black Friday Week CPJ Seeks Meeting with VP-Elect Pence ‘Mariah’s World’ Debuts on E!, Bravo Dec. 4 NAB: FCC Repack Deadline Likely Unachievable CTA White Paper Tells Trump to Focus on IoT GeoBroadcast Receives Patent for MaxxCasting Coverage Tech KWPZ’s Backup Transmitter Site Comes in Handy Audinate Releases Dante Analog Output Module The Year in Acronyms: VR, HDR and IP: Examining the Emergence of These Technologies How DP Simon Niblett Made 'The Eagle Huntress' Soar on a Shoestring Budget 'The Eagle Huntress' Director Otto Bell on Being Compelled By His Star to Tell Her Story DP Kris Kachikis Shoots on the Sony F55 for 'Mascots' 'I Spy (With My Five Eyes)': Interactive Documentary Immerses Viewers in the Intelligence Community SMPTE Offering Virtual Classes on IMF Qligent Simplifies Monitoring, T&M for WLVT NEP Europe Taps GV Cams for New Trucks SpaceX Files FCC Request to Launch 4,400+ Comm Satellites McAdams On: Dear Cubs News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
Services Advertising Press Room Image bank Monitoring Subscribe for news Friday, 18 November 2016 USD 26.05 EUR 27.92 RUB 0.40 ENG УКР РУС Search Our Community Close. Information Agency Main Page Politics Economy War Kyiv Society World Pictures Videos Opinions Publications For subscribers Services Press Room Monitoring Image bank Products Advertising Archive Feedback Contact Putin appoints ex-Duma Speaker chief of foreign intel service Russian President Vladimir Putin has appointed Sergey Naryshkin head of the SVR Foreign Intelligence Service, according to RBC. World 22:10, 22 September 2016 REUTERS Putin made the proposal during a meeting with Naryshkin and the current head of the SVR Mikhail Fradkov, reads the report. Naryshkin told Putin that he considered his offer "as an assignment of the Head of State". Read alsoU.S. Congress Intel Committee: Snowden no "whistleblower"Earlier, Naryshkin was elected to the State Duma of the seventh convocation in a single-mandate constituency No.112 "Leningrad Oblast - Kingisepp" as well as through the federal list of "Yedinaya Rossiya [United Rusia] Party. He declined a State Duma mandate in connection with the new appointment. Earlier, media reported that First Deputy Head of Presidential Administration Vyacheslav Volodin would be nominated for the post of the Speaker of the State Duma on September 24 at a joint meeting of the General Council and the Higher Council of Yedinaya Rossiya. If you notice a spelling error, please highlight it with your mouse and press Ctrl+Enter Read also Week’s milestones. Saakashvili acceleration, Russia’s destabilization plan for Ukraine, and complications in Interior Ministry ICC designates Crimea annexation as international armed conflict – report Situation in Donbas aggravates, with attacks increasing dramatically Putin awards medals to active Russian military after their return from Donbas war – media Bloomberg: Trump, Putin and grudging reformers tip Ukraine closer to Russia Canada says Russian sanctions must be upheld by all countries World 19:10 Ukrainian who faked name and age at US school jailed - BBC 15:50 Airstrikes kill 94 in Aleppo in 48 hours – media 14:38 Turkey says in talks with Russia on air defense system 11:51 FT: Putin circle nervous as corruption probe widens 11:06 Top U.S. intelligence official: Russia stopped hacking after U.S. warnings 09:52 Foreign Policy: How World War III could begin in Latvia 17 November, Thursday 23:50 Obama, Merkel discuss maintaining Russia sanctions until full implementation of Minsk 23:42 U.S. Intelligence chief James Clapper to resign - WSJ 23:27 Obama hopes Trump to be able to "stand up" to Russia 22:15 Lithuanian Parliament urges EU to extend sanctions against Russia 20:15 Europe at risk of collapse; France, Germany must lead - French PM 18:15 EU regrets Russia's decision on ICC 16:18 Bloomberg: Obama's sound advice for the European Union 14:44 Iraq: Hundreds of police in ISIS mass grave 13:29 Philippines' Duterte says may follow Russia's withdrawal from 'useless' ICC – Reuters 12:42 BBC: Clinton wanted to curl up after Trump win 11:50 Japan PM to be first foreign leader to meet Trump 11:04 U.S. Department of State comments on Russia's withdrawal from Hague ICC 16 November, Wednesday 21:00 Johnny Depp supports Oleh Sentsov illegally imprisoned in Russia 17:50 European leaders, NATO caution Trump on warming relations with Russia - WP 15:56 DW: Germany's Oettinger under fire over alleged ethics breach 15:14 Clinton's lead in popular vote passes 1 million – media 14:37 IS kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army 12:50 House reauthorizes Iran sanctions bill, sets Syria sanctions 11:55 Reuters: EU plans online screening for visa-free travelers 11:07 Angela Merkel to run for 4th term as Chancellor – media 08:59 McCain: A Trump administration thaw with Russia is 'unacceptable' – The Washington Post 15 November, Tuesday 19:10 Russia's major offensive in Syria: airstrikes on Aleppo resume 16:25 Air strike hits third Syrian hospital in 24 hours – media 15:16 Russian forces start large-scale operation against IS in Syria 14:07 International team to study exhumed Smolensk victims 11:58 Putin invites new Moldovan president to Moscow 08:30 Updated Russian Economy Minister Ulyukayev detained over bribe allegation 14 November, Monday 18:36 Updated Russian Mig-29 crashes near its aircraft carrier in Mediterranean 16:17 DW: Steinmeier poised to be German President 13:10 Bulgarian PM resigns after presidential candidate's defeat to Rumen Radev 11:28 Pro-Russia candidate claims victory in Moldova's presidential vote 11:09 Jihadists say Trump victory rallying call for new recruits 09:23 NYT: Trump picks Priebus as chief of staff and Bannon as strategist 13 November, Sunday 14:25 The Telegraph: Trump-Putin alliance sparks diplomatic crisis as British ministers demand assurances from U.S. over Russia 12 November, Saturday 21:16 Russia arrests 10 people on suspicion of terrorism 18:17 Russian airstrikes kill 9 civilians in Aleppo 16:29 Anti-Trump protesters gather for third night, one shot in Portland 14:42 WSJ: Donald Trump willing to keep parts of Obama health law 11 November, Friday 21:18 Russia explains why former U.S. ambassador McFaul on its travel ban list 17:51 Russia's security council chief apologizes for plot in Montenegro – The Guardian 14:00 BBC: Some MPs "ready to vote against triggering Brexit" 12:20 Taliban car bomb hits German consulate in Afghanistan 12:00 Anti-Trump protest in Portland reclassified as "riot", Trump says "professional" protesters involved 10 November, Thursday 16:40 Potential U.S. Secretary of State confident in arming Ukraine – media 16:20 Montenegro PM pro-Russian opposition plotted to kill him, demands explanations from Russia 14:20 Russia says it was in contact with Trump’s team during campaign - Bloomberg 10:40 Russia's Prokopchuk becomes Vice President of Interpol 09 November, Wednesday 23:55 WSJ peeks into list of people to key jobs in Trump administration 18:34 Reuters: Trump, U.S. Congress will agree on some issues, long-term questions loom 14:40 "World will become a crazier place": reaction of world leaders on Trump's victory 13:40 NATO Secretary General congratulates Trump, invites him to attend summit 12:40 Putin congratulates Trump 12:20 EU puts on sanctions list Russian "deputies" elected in annexed Crimea 12:00 Trump says U.S. to "get along" with all nations 10:10 Hillary Clinton concedes election to Donald Trump 09:50 Trump wins 07:45 Obama delivers special election night message 06:45 29 votes in Florida bring Trump's total score to 216 vs. Clinton's 209 06:15 Clinton leads Trump 190-186 with 270 electoral votes to win All news All news Open © UNIAN.INFO, 2016 All Rights Protected. Under article 26 of the Law of Ukraine "On information agencies" the right of ownership of the news agency’s products is protected by Ukrainian legislation. The information published by UNIAN and the site unian.info are the property of "UNIAN." Any copying, including parts of texts or images, the publication and republication, reprinting or any other dissemination of UNIAN content, in whatever form or by whatever technical means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of UNIAN. While quoting any content of the agency, subscribers are obliged to note that its source is UNIAN. Material from UNIAN Web sites can be quoted without consent only on the condition that no more than one paragraph of text is used, and a direct hyperlink to the original text, accessible to search engines, is included no lower than the second paragraph of the text. The UNIAN logo is a registered trademark (service mark) UNIAN. Materials marked as "PR" and "Advertising" are considered as advertisements, and all responsibility for them lies with the advertiser. Load more Do you like the new site? Leave your opinion Send
null

Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People Broadband Broadband Coalition: Don't Re-regulate BDS By John Eggerton Nov 17, 2016 OTT ‘Dust’ Goes Over-the-Top With Short-Form Sci-Fi By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 17, 2016 Content EPIX Renews ‘Berlin Station,’ ‘Graves’ By R. Thomas Umstead Nov 17, 2016 News Press Groups Push Trump for Access By John Eggerton Nov 17, 2016 Cable Broadband Dominates Again in Q3: LRG By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 17, 2016 Rubicon Gets Into TV Market With Placemedia By Jon Lafayette (B&C) Nov 17, 2016 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community The Bauminator Apple Said to Be Chopping App Fees for Video Services By Jeff Baumgartner The Bauminator Google Testing 4K-HDR Box for Fiber TV: Report By Jeff Baumgartner Picture This Holidays Come to TV Early By R. Thomas Umstead MCN Guest Blog Strengthening the Cord With Cause-and-Effect Analysis By Marek Polonski, APT MCN Online Extra -- Nov. 14, 2016 By MCN Staff Dan Rather Trumped Election Prognosticators By R. Thomas Umstead Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Nov 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 Nov 07, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 Oct 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Oct 24, 2016 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights OTT PlayStation Vue Bites Into Apple TV By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 17, 2016 Broadband Broadband Coalition: Don't Re-regulate BDS By John Eggerton Nov 17, 2016 OTT ‘Dust’ Goes Over-the-Top With Short-Form Sci-Fi By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 17, 2016 The Bauminator Apple Said to Be Chopping App Fees for Video Services By Jeff Baumgartner Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News1 Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Sep 22 2016 Broadband Hitron Lends Support to RDK-B Adds focus to broadband-focused flavor of Reference Design Kit 9/22/2016 11:20 AM Eastern By: Jeff Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator Cable modem and gateway maker Hitron Americas Technology said it is pitching in for RDK-B, the broadband-focused flavor of the Reference Design Kit (RDK), the preintegrated software stack for IP-capable video and broadband devices being managed by Comcast, Liberty Global and Charter Communications.   Get complete coverage of Cable-Tec Expo 2016   Hitron, which will show off an Intel-powered DOCSIS 3.1 device at next week’s SCTE/ISBE Cable-Tec Expo show in Philadelphia, said it’s joining the RDK community as an Advanced Support Program (ASP) partner and its Platinum Media Sponsorship Program (MSP).   “With upcoming DOCSIS 3.1 gateway deployments, we will also see the proliferation of RDK-B powered CPE,” Todd Babic, the vendor’s chief sales and marketing officer, said in a statement.   RDK-B complements RDK-V, which is focused on video devices.   Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Newsletter Here! TAGS: SCTE    Cable-Tec Expo 2016    RDK    RDK-B    Reference Design Kit    Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: The National Association For Multi-Ethnicity In Communications And The Emma Bowen Foundation Partner To Launch Online Professional Network CTHRA Seeks Input for 2017 Industry Compensation Surveys Survey Planning Meetings Set for Atlanta Comcast Business Announces $30 Million Investment to Expand High-Performance Ethernet Network in City of Philadelphia WICT Announces Betsy Magness Leadership Institute Call for Applications MTV Live Launches Monthly Music Series “MTV Live Setlist” Debuting Saturday, November 19 At 9:00 PM ET/PT With Swedish Singer, Songwriter Léon Fight Sports Launches On DAZN In Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Japan WWE® AND SKY DEUTSCHLAND ANNOUNCE MULTI-YEAR AGREEMENT Alaska Telco Changes IPTV Middleware Vendor Peabody Launches Media Center Showtime® Releases First Look at Season Two Of Its Hit Drama 'Billions' Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → FCC Takes Aim at DirecTV Now PlayStation Vue Offers Big 4 Broadcast TV Feeds in All O&O Markets What A&E Wants You to Know About ‘Live PD’ Roger Keating Named Hearst TV Chief Strategy Officer Comcast Won't Authenticate Subs for New Starz App Related Stories Cloud Force Digital Media Joins RDK Crew Jeff Baumgartner - 11/07/2016 11:00:00 AM America/New_York Cloud Force Digital Media, a company that enables programmers Huawei Kicks Tires on 25-Gig DOCSIS Jeff Baumgartner - 10/15/2016 10:42:00 AM America/New_York The SCTE/ISBE Cable-Tec Expo wrapped up late last month, SCTE/ISBE Eyes IoT Standards Jeff Baumgartner - 10/06/2016 09:12:00 AM America/New_York SCTE/ISBE announced the creation of an Internet of Subscribe Now Events See All Events → December Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Convene,&nbspNew York,&nbspNY Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Freeze Frame -- Oct. 17, 2016 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Tuesday, Sept. 27 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Monday, Sept. 26 Freeze Frame -- Sept. 12, 2016 See All → ‘Girls’, ‘John Oliver’ Return on HBO Feb. 12 Disney XD Picks Up Pokémon Series, Films D.C. Court Gets Latest FCC Media Ownership Appeal Borrell: Local TV Advertisers Upping Digital Spend Broadband Coalition Hails BDS Revamp No-Vote Audinate Releases Dante Analog Output Module Broadcast Foreign Ownership Rules Relaxed DTS Says 34 More Car Models Will Have HD Radios in 2017 NextRadio Chooses National Sales Director Merging Technologies Brings In Nicolas Sturmel 'Nocturnal Animals' Director Tom Ford Says Filmmaking Is More Important to Him Than Fashion Optical Cables: Durability Under Stress Over 3,200 Reasons to Register for Government Video Expo & National Drone Show Johnny Kelly Blends Animation and Live-Action for Apple Health Films William A. Kirkley Captures the 1960s Counterculture in Documentary 'Orange Sunshine' Arena Stocks 4K Truck With Barnfind, Lawo Gear NAB: FCC Repack Deadline Likely Unachievable Advanced UAV Workshop Planned at National Drone Show Blackmagic SmartView Walks Red Carpet Cobalt Promotes Bob McAlpine to CEO News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska comScore Partners with DEG: The Digital Entertainment Group for Their Digital Industry Reporting Service New Partnership Provides the Only Movie and Television Electronic Sell-Through and Transactional Internet Video on Demand Digital Reporting Service in North America News provided by comScore Sep 22, 2016, 10:00 ET Share this article RESTON, Va., Sept. 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- comScore (NASDAQ: SCOR) today announced a partnership with The Digital Entertainment Group (DEG) for comScore's Digital Download Essentials Industry (DDEi) service in North America. The DDEi service, focused on efforts to further expand the market coverage of transactional movie and TV show measurement, is the leading source of industry on movie and television content accessed by the consumer via the internet. The newly-dubbed DEG-DDEi service from comScore provides movie studios, television networks, distributors and other subscribers with title-level consumer transactional information from major studios, a growing number of broadcast and cable networks and leading independent distributors. The service will give subscribers the ability to compare the performance of their electronic sell-through (EST) and Internet Video on Demand (iVOD) content to the rest of the industry in order to independently make more informed decisions regarding the distribution of their own content, including windowing, merchandising, acquisitions, marketing and overall digital strategies. The DEG-DDEi service also includes competitive set top box-based VOD activity from comScore's OnDemand Essentials service, allowing subscribers to access the full scope of paid digital market share and title performance in a single, powerful application. "DEG is pleased to partner with comScore and provide the industry a comprehensive view of digital sales transactions for movie and television content," said DEG President, Amy Jo Smith. "DEG-DDEi is a robust reporting tool that delivers timely information on market activity to inform decision making in this rapidly growing segment of the home entertainment business." About DEG The DEG advocates and promotes entertainment platforms, products and distribution channels which support the movie, television, music, consumer electronics and IT industries. DEG membership is comprised of: Amazon, Anchor Bay Entertainment, BBC AMERICA, bitMAX, CenturyLink, Cinedigm Entertainment, Cognizant, Comcast Cable, comScore, DTS, Inc., Deloitte, Deluxe Digital, DirecTV, Dolby Laboratories, DreamWorks Animation, Giant Interactive, Giraffic Technologies, GfK Entertainment, Gibson Brands, Google Play, HBO Home Entertainment, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, IHS, IMAX, Intel, Irdeto, Kaleidescape, LG Electronics USA, Lionsgate, MAI, Mediamorph, MGM, Microsoft, Midnight Oil, MovieLabs, MQA, Music Watch Inc., My Eye Media, Neustar Media, Nielsen Entertainment, NPD Group, One+K, The Orchard, Outpost Media, Panasonic, Paramount Home Media Distribution, Parrot Analytics, PBS Distribution, Philips Electronics, Playster, PricewaterhouseCoopers, Random Media, Redbox, Rovi, Samsung Electronics, Screen Engine/ASI, ScreenPlay, SellThruCo, Sonopress, Sony DADC, Sony Electronics, Sony Music Entertainment, Technicolor , TiVo, Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment, Universal Music Group, Universal Operations Group, Universal Pictures Home Entertainment, V2Solutions, Verizon Digital Media Services, Vubiquity, W2O Group, Walt Disney Studios, Warner Bros. Home Entertainment, Warner Music Group, and Western Digital. About comScore comScore, Inc. (NASDAQ: SCOR) is a leading cross-platform measurement company that precisely measures audiences, brands and consumer behavior everywhere. comScore completed its merger with Rentrak Corporation in January 2016, to create the new model for a dynamic, cross-platform world. Built on precision and innovation, our unmatched data footprint combines proprietary digital, TV and movie intelligence with vast demographic details to quantify consumers' multiscreen behavior at massive scale. This approach helps media companies monetize their complete audiences and allows marketers to reach these audiences more effectively. With more than 3,200 clients and global footprint in more than 75 countries, comScore is delivering the future of measurement. For more information on comScore, please visit comscore.com. Cautionary Statement This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including, but not limited to, expectations regarding the impact and benefits of impact of the partnership between comScore and DEG, financial or otherwise. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially, including, but not limited to: the reliability of comScore's data and the acceptance of comScore's methodologies by the industry, including by existing and prospective users. For a detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, please refer to comScore's most recent respective Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual Reports on Form 10-K and from time to time other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), which are available on the SEC's Web site (http://www.sec.gov). Stockholders of comScore are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date such statements are made. comScore does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances or new information after the date of this press release, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160131/327730LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/comscore-partners-with-deg-the-digital-entertainment-group-for-their-digital-industry-reporting-service-300332207.html SOURCE comScore Related Links http://www.comscore.com Sep 25, 2016, 17:40 ET Preview: comScore Announces Official Worldwide Box Office Results for Weekend of September 25, 2016 Sep 20, 2016, 10:00 ET Preview: Estudo da comScore conclui que a veiculação de campanhas em sites de conteúdo premium é mais eficaz My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 13, 2016, 15:37 ETcomScore Announces Official Worldwide Box Office Results for... Nov 07, 2016, 10:00 ETcomScore Receives MRC Accreditation for Sophisticated Invalid... Explore More news releases in similar topics Internet Technology Multimedia & Internet Entertainment Licensing New Products & Services You just read: comScore Partners with DEG: The Digital Entertainment Group for Their Digital Industry Reporting Service News provided by comScore Sep 22, 2016, 10:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Drivers Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > Drivers > Blog FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Download Drivers for Sager’s Powerful NP9872 Notebook Model The drivers are compatible with 64-bit Windows 10 platform Sep 22, 2016 14:29 GMT  ·  By Iulian Pascal  ·  Share:  Since Sager has provided all drivers required by its NP9872 notebook model to run at its best and provide maximum performance, stability, and usability, we have gathered them all in a single list so that owners of this product can easily set up their devices. In terms of compatibility, the notebook, as well as its drivers, is only suitable for the 64-bit variant of Microsoft’s Windows 10 operating system. Trying to apply the available files on other platforms isn’t recommended and might lead to various malfunctions. As for the producers providing these files, know that Intel has put on the line its Chipset, Management Engine (ME), Rapid Storage Technology (RST), RAID Preinstall, and Thunderbolt packages, while Realtek will enable the full functionality of the card reader component. Moving forward, Intel, along with Atheros, ensures the well-functioning of the device’s wireless capabilities (WLAN and Bluetooth), and Realtek and Creative each provide an audio package for a better sound quality. Moreover, NVIDIA wakes up the dedicated video card so that owners can take details to a whole new level, Rivet Networks lays the foundation for its Killer LAN Ethernet controller, while Synaptics make sure all touch-related features work well. That said, if you own this device (or intend to buy one), download Sager NP9872 Drivers, apply them, perform a reboot upon completion, and check our website as often as possible to stay up to speed with the latest releases.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (11 Images) #NP9872#Sager#Driver#Notebook reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Sager NP9872 Notebook (11 Images) 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news AMD Radeon Crimson Graphics Driver 16.9.2 Hotfix Is Up for Grabs NVIDIA Rolls Out New GeForce Graphics Driver - Get Version 372.90 Western Digital Updates Firmware for Its My Cloud NAS Series - Version 2.21.119 Download Drivers for MSI GT72VR 6RD Dominator Tobii Notebook Google Suspends Lots of Pixel Buyers Accounts for Reselling Them - Update Hacker Breaks into Italian Government Website, 45,000 Users Exposed Three UK Hacked, Details of 6 Million Customers at Risk Microsoft Replaces Command Prompt with PowerShell in Latest Windows 10 Build NVIDIA Makes Available New GeForce Graphics Hotfix Driver - Version 375.95 AMD Releases Radeon Crimson Edition 16.11.4 Hotfix - Download and Apply Now New Firmware Is Available for Sony PlayStation 4 Consoles - Get Version 4.06 Amazon Adds Alexa to Its Fire, Fire HD 8, and Fire HD 10 - Get Firmware 5.6.0 11 photos    Sager NP9872 Notebook New Apps Dbvisit Replicate: Create a duplicate for your Oracle database for backup or migration purpose with the help of this advanced and effective program Gwyddion: An efficient and reliable modular application designed specifically for SPM (scanning probe microscopy) data visualization and analysis Gus Tools: Turn ESD images of Windows 10 to ISO format, so that you may upgrade your computer to this operating system using a USB or a DVD Avira System SpeedUp: Clean junk files, repair registry errors, delete invalid keys, clean computer activity traces, and defragment your drives using this all-in-one tool POPcon PRO: Advanced program that helps you retrieve messages from POP3 mailboxes and deliver them to your Microsoft Exchange Server mailboxes using antispam, archive, antivirus engine, rule-based distribution and scheduled tasks WFilter Enterprise: Monitor bandwidth, filter and block Internet activities on your network from a single computer via a web-based administration interface PDF to Image Converter: An intuitive and user-friendly application that can come in handy whenever you want to convert your PDF files to various graphic formats Reader comments NVIDIA Makes Available New GeForce Graphics Hotfix Driver - Version 375.95 more on: 375.95 Hotfix i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy feedback      
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Network Reviews 13 Review: Killer Ethernet E2500 by Parm Mann on 22 September 2016, 09:00 Tags: Rivet Networks Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac6z7 Add to My Vault: Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Performance 3 - Conclusion Introduction The ultimate online experience: faster games, smoother videos, and more control than ever before. That's how Rivet Networks has chosen to market its latest Gigabit Ethernet Controller, the Killer E2500. Introduced as a successor to the well-received E2400, the new addition to the Killer range uses a familiar combination of hardware and software to identify and prioritise network data, resulting in a smoother overall web experience. Going by what's on the tin, it's a product that makes sense for just about anyone who plays online games, streams multimedia content or uses the Internet for any number of bandwidth-intensive tasks. To put the new chip through its paces, we've been sent an MSI Z170A Gaming M6 for evaluation. Heading to stores in the next few weeks at a yet-to-be-confirmed price, MSI's feature-packed Z170 motherboard is a stylish choice with reinforced PCIe slots, support for SLI and CrossFire, Nahimic-powered audio, USB 3.1 Type-C, and the popular Click BIOS 5. It also happens to be one of the first to feature the Killer E2500 controller, with Gigabyte and other vendors expected to follow before year's end. Winning over OEMs doesn't appear to be a problem, however Rivet Networks does seem to have its work cut out in convincing consumers. Driver problems on much older hardware still linger in the minds of enthusiasts, and if changing perception isn't a big enough challenge, there's arguably an even larger hurdle: rival network interface controllers (NICs) from the likes of Intel and Realtek tend to work just fine, so why should anyone consider a change? The Killer Proposition Hardware optimised for maximum throughput and minimum latency is part of the Killer appeal, yet while the E2500 is said to have been improved with better packet handling, the biggest changes take place in software. A new Killer Control Center promises full control of your system's network performance, while the NIC's ability to detect and prioritise certain types of traffic continues to play a crucial role. The magic trick is Killer's ability to detect, identify and prioritise latency-sensitive data and other critical network traffic. Marketed as Advanced Stream Detect, the software picks out any programs utilising the network and automatically assigns a priority rating of 1-6 in order of importance. A modernised 'overview' page now highlights identified apps, with a speed gauge showing how much bandwidth is currently being used. By default, games are typically identified and tagged as priority 1 or 2, audio and video slots in at or around level 3, most general traffic sits at 4 or 5, while large time-insensitive transfers (think torrents or Windows updates) fetch a lowly 6. Knowing Your Priorities App priorities are by default governed by a regularly updated master list, and there are meaningful improvements being introduced with the new software. One such example is Advanced Stream Detect's newfound ability to detect over 500 of the top global websites. Priority is automatically handed to browser tabs that need it, and the software can now detect websites on all tabs, irrespective or which browser is used. Sliders and toggle switches on the Apps page make it easy for power users to limit bandwidth or block network access entirely, and frequently used programs can be pinned to the top for quick access. Enthusiasts may spend a short while tinkering with the available options, but if you're of the opinion a NIC ought to just work, the E2500 will happily do its thing without any user intervention. Going by the assumption that too much information can be off putting, Rivet Networks has streamlined the software to ensure there are fewer tabs, less options and no complicated check boxes to consider. Advanced Stream Detect is enabled by default, and the only recommended tweak is found in the settings tab, where a user can define his/her broadband speed in order to assist the software in managing bandwidth. If you're unsure of how fast your line actually is, a built-in speed test can be used to populate said fields. Though not applicable to this review, the Control Centre also presents a WiFi Analyzer that's handy for keeping tabs on channel congestion on either the 2.4GHz or 5GHz bands. Should your hardware happen to feature both a Killer NIC and Killer WiFi, you'll be granted access to DoubleShot Pro, through which both connections are utilised and latency-sensitive traffic is automatically routed to the most reliable link. We're of the opinion it makes implicit sense for certain types of network traffic to be given priority. There's no reason for a video call to run at a lower resolution because of a torrent that's downloading in the background, and an online game shouldn't stutter because a large Windows Update has started to come down the pipe. In our experience, a Killer NIC can minimise such risks, so let's put the E2500 into perspective with some real-world benchmarks. Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Performance 3 - Conclusion NEXT PAGE » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst 11 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 13 4 Intel to release an unlocked Kaby Lake Core i3 desktop CPU 4 5 Corsair Harpoon RGB 0 1 QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? 110 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Asus ROG launches the GX800 liquid cooled gaming laptop 14 4 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 13 5 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst 11 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Which? names Zen its Best Broadband Provider 2 Thrustmaster announces ultimate racing wheel for PC gamers 3 Cooler Master Launches MasterCase Pro 5 NVIDIA Edition 4 NETGEAR launches 802.11AC wireless access point to improve WiFi coverage 5 Buffalo enhances storage flexibility for users on the go with stylish portable external SSDs 6 WDC launches entry-level object storage system for cloud-scale challenges INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,194 Forum posts: 2,558,964 Forum threads: 246,655 Currently active users: 634 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Dssd Nvme Tegile Data Centre Seventeen hopefuls fight for the NVMe Fabric array crown Survey shows a storage tidal wave coming our way An NVMe world is coming. Who is going to rule it? 22 Sep 2016 at 13:25, Chris Mellor Chris Mellor Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Emc, Netapp, Seagate, Hp, Dell Recent Articles Kaminario's K2 mountain is about to be uplifted NooBaa wraps AWS S3 wool around Microsoft Azure Blob storage Leaner, meaner screamer from Infinidat dreamer Comment A new phase of disruption is hitting the performance data storage array market, giving new, old, startup and struggling all-flash array vendors a shot at making it big by using NVMe flash drives and NVMe Fabric-class connectivity to provide direct-attached SSD performance from external arrays. The charge is being led by Dell-EMC’s DSSD unit and startups such as Mangstor and Apeiron, shipping product that offers shared array data access at speeds hitherto unbelievably unattainable except from server-attached PCIe-flash drives. A G2M NVM Express (NVMe) Ecosystem Market Sizing Report shows the state of the market now and just how fast it has been developing. Soon all external arrays with ambitions for storing tier 1 fast access performance data, will likely have to use NVMe flash drives (or faster media drives; think XPoint-class) and NVMe over Fabrics (or accelerated Ethernet) network access or else face being replaced by arrays that do. Our feeling is that we are looking at a mass transition in the 2017-20-18 period with installed base migration from 2017 to 2020 and beyond. This could provide a great fillip for on-premises array vendors as performance data storage in the cloud cannot provide equivalent performance unless the apps run in the cloud and similar storage hardware/software is used. G2m NVMe ecosystem chart Shaun Walsh, president and managing partner at G2M Inc., says: “We expect the NVMe market to be more than $57bn by 2020 with a 95 percent compounded annual growth rate.” Yes, a 95 per cent CAGR. The G2M report predicts: The NVMe market will be more than $57 billion by 2020 More than 50 per cent of enterprise servers will have NVMe bays by 2020 60 per cent of enterprise storage appliances will have NVMe bays by 2020 Nearly 40 per cent of AFAs will be NVMe-based by 2020 Worldwide shipments of NVMe SSDs will grow to more than 25 million units by 2020 Worldwide shipments of M.2 NVMe SSDs will grow to more than five million units by 2020 NVMe-oF adapter shipments will climb to 740,000 units by 2020 Ethernet adapters with RDMA capabilities will be more than 75 per cent of the NVMe-oF market The G2M report suggests NVMe “will become a major component of new models for compute, fabrics, analytics, application acceleration, systems management and more. There are more than 70 companies that have announced products for the NVMe market and G2M Research has grouped these product offerings into nine categories, including servers and storage appliances with NVMe bays, NVMe all-flash arrays (AFAs), NVMe-oF adapters, three classes of NVMe storage devices, NVMe I/O blocks and NVMe accelerator adapters.” It has identified moire than 70 supplier companies involved in an NVMe eco-system, suggesting major players include: Broadcom; Cavium; Dell Technologies; IBM; Intel; Lenovo; Marvell; Mellanox; Micron; Microsemi; Oracle; Samsung; SK Hynix; and Toshiba; and emerging startups such as Envemio, Kalray, Kazan Networks, Mangstor, NVLX, and Teledyne-LeCroy. Get a copy of the report abstract here. (PDF) The contenders El Reg sees some 17 suppliers already in or set on entering the NVMe over fabrics (NVMeF) storage array market. They can be grouped into five classes: Established incumbents: Dell (EMC); HDS; HPE; IBM; and NetApp Arriving incumbent: Pure Storage NVMeF-style startups: Apeiron; E8; Excelero; Mangstor; and Pavilion Data Systems All-flash array modified hybrideers: Nimble; Tegile; and Tintri All-flash array startup era survivors: Kaminario and Violin Memory Oracle should also be classed as an established incumbent and, we suggest, will not be left behind in performance data access by NVMe arrays. It may focus on NMVe fabric access over InfiniBand. We should also note Chinese system/storage vendors in the wings, meaning Huawei and Lenovo. Then there are other startup, niche and minor array vendors to consider such as DataDirect Networks, Fujitsu, Infinidat, Nexsan, Panasas, and Seagate with ClusterStore. For all the vendors, NVMe over fabrics technology gives them a shot at building and taking sales from no-NVMeF incumbents. It gives a fresh lease of life to ailing and struggling players, equalising the playing field to some extent. And it also converges the performance external array technology space with different style arrays, disk, all-flash, and hybrid, evolving towards a consistent all-flash, NVMe drive, NVMeF-class access future. It could be possible that HPC storage access will start using NVMe drives and fabric as well, which is why DDN, Panasas and Seagate are in the list above. NVMe and HCI Tegile CMO Narayan Venkat thinks that NVMe fabrics will be the great equaliser between hyper-converged infrastructure (HCI) systems such as those from Nutanix and SimpliVity, and external arrays. With storage admin being subsumed into system admin, via technologies such as VVOLs, then storage management simplicity equivalence between HCI and shared array systems is effectively achieved. He says that a problem with HCI systems is that you can’t separately scale capacity and performance, which you can do with shared arrays. You can do this at the system level by scaling compute (servers) independently of capacity (storage arrays), and also with the storage array be separately scaling controllers, the performance storage capacity tier and, separately again, any other capacity tiers. We’d point out that multi-node HCI systems will spend more resources on inter-system messaging to ensure a single version of the virtual array stored truth as more nodes are added. With a shared array this need to co-ordinate servers with their own portions of the virtual array disappears. A further point; with DAS PCIe flash access speeds from a shared array then data locality needs, sometimes touted by HCI vendors saying compute and storage for apps on that compute need to be located close together, goes away. All the data on the shared NVMe fabrics array is effectively local to all servers connected with it over an NVMeF-class link. Consider composable infrastructure too, with racks full of compute, networking and storage shelves, all dynamically put together onto systems as needs dictate - think HPE Synergy - then, at a gross level, a rack of servers, network switches and storage shelves will be common between trad systems, converged systems and HCI systems. All that will differ will be the software organisation and buying process. Finishing view NVMe over fabrics access to NVMe drive arrays seems almost certain to be the external array future for storing performance data. As applications, middleware and operating systems are developed to take advantage of it then today’s IO-bound apps will lose that constraint and face a balance if being both IO- and CPU-bound instead, while the servers operate at hitherto unachievable levels of efficiency and applications run faster and do more. The public cloud will not be able to compete unless both apps and data are cloud-resident and run in hardware and software environments offering similar performance levels.. NVMe drives and fabrics offer a great opportunity to on-premises IT system and storage vendors, and to users, to turbo-charge existing systems and make them go a hell of a lot faster. We’ll drink to that. ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 8 Comments More from The Register DSSD bridges access latency gap with NVMe fabric flash magic Networked flash array with local flash speed 3 Comments Israeli upstart E8 reckons it's hit storage's Holy Grail. Hmm DSSD competitor squares up for market struggle 3 Comments Apeiron claims NVMe fabric speed without NVMe over fabrics - but how? Backgrounder The secret's in the special HBA hardware sauce 4 Comments NVMe SSD? Not yet, says Pure, but promises to deliver it FlashArray//M customers will get souped-up protocol 3 Comments Envy NVMe? Mangstor flashes $5m cash to bulk up array line NVMe over fabrics flasher finds fund No software changes needed to use E8's screaming fast arrays Backgrounder NVMe fabric-attached all-flash array coming in August with 10 million 4K IOPS 2 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Speaking in Tech: The votes are in – and the Podcast Idol winner is... Forget razors and blades, APIs are the new gotcha Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency HPE and SimpliVity may be at church door Speaking in Tech: Let's make podcasting great again Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.

Home Contact Advertise About RSS @PowerPage @JasonOGrady IHS completes initial teardown, estimates iPhone 7 component costs around $220 Posted by: Chris Barylick Date: Thursday, September 22nd, 2016, 05:20 Category: Hardware, iPhone, News Tweet They’ve run the numbers and after a preliminary teardown, iPhone 7 component costs are estimated to start at $219.80, which is $36.89 higher than iPhone 6s, according to a preliminary teardown of a 32GB model by IHS Markit. According to the report, the display remains the most expensive component, clocking in at an estimated $43 while the Intel modem and other baseband chips retail for about $33.90. Apple’s quad-core A10 Fusion chip is the third most expensive item on the bill of materials, costing an estimated $26.90. Meanwhile, the larger 1,920 mAh battery is said to cost just $2.50. The new rear-facing iSight camera and updated 7-megapixel go for a combined $19.90 while electromechanical components, including the Taptic Engine, antennas, connectors, microphones, and stereo speakers, cost an estimated $16.70 combined. The iPhone 7’s 2GB of Samsung RAM and 32GB of SK Hynix flash storage for for a combined $16.30. An audio codec and audio amplifier supplied by Cirrus Logic, an NFC controller supplied by NXP, a Bosch Sensortec-made barometer, along with an accelerometer, gyroscope, Touch ID, proximity sensor, and other sensors, cost an estimated $14 altogether. The accessories within the box, which include a Lightning-to-USB cable, Lightning-to-3.5mm audio adapter, EarPods with a Lightning connector, and 5W USB power adapter, go for an estimated $11.80 combined. IHS has estimated that Apple’s total cost to manufacture the iPhone 7 jumps to $224.00 after “basic manufacturing costs” related to assembly, insertion and testing. A 32GB iPhone 7 Plus costs $649 as a point of comparison. Still, before you get too irate about the price, this doesn’t cover other elements such as research and development, software, licensing costs and transportation. The accuracy of the component costs is also questionable. Last year, Apple CEO Tim Cook said he has never seen a cost breakdown that is “anywhere close to being accurate,” adding that they are generally “much different than the reality.” The iPhone 7 estimated development cost is more expensive than previous models while the iPhone SE’s costs remains around $160. Stay tuned for additional details as they become available. Via MacRumors and IHS Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related Recent Posts iPhones secretly storing call data in iCloud, allows later access for law enforcement Some newer MacBook Pro units arriving with System Integrity Protection feature disabled Rumor: Apple could see OLED supply constraint prior to inclusion in next-gen iPhone Google releases PhotoScan app, brings scanning-level features to photography app iFixit completes first Touch Bar-equipped 13-inch MacBook Pro teardown, finds interesting new changes in hardware Logging In... Leave a Reply Cancel reply 1 Reply 0 Comments 1 Tweet 0 Facebook 0 Pingbacks Last reply was 1 month ago @PowerPage View 1 month ago IHS completes initial teardown, estimates iPhone 7 component costs around $220: Tweet They’ve run the number… https://t.co/jCzhh30F26 Reply Search Recent Posts iPhones secretly storing call data in iCloud, allows later access for law enforcement Some newer MacBook Pro units arriving with System Integrity Protection feature disabled Rumor: Apple could see OLED supply constraint prior to inclusion in next-gen iPhone iFixit completes first Touch Bar-equipped 13-inch MacBook Pro teardown, finds interesting new changes in hardware Google releases PhotoScan app, brings scanning-level features to photography app November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   « Previous Post Next Post » Copyright © 1995- Jason D. O'Grady. All rights reserved. O'Grady's PowerPage is a No Beige Production. PowerPage.org | OGrady.com | Action Landscaping Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price The 12 Best Netflix Documentaries of 2016 Entertainment The 12 Best Netflix Documentaries of 2016 Joel Lee Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Thursday Deals: Alienware SteamOS Machine, MOTA Quadcopter, and a Go-Pro Baseball Hat [UK] Deals Thursday Deals: Alienware SteamOS Machine, MOTA Quadcopter, and a Go-Pro Baseball Hat [UK] Amazon UK Deals September 22, 2016 22-09-2016 2 minutes Thursday Deals: Alienware SteamOS Machine, MOTA Quadcopter, and a Go-Pro Baseball Hat [UK] Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ads by Google Some excellent deals today on SteamOS gaming consoles, drones, privacy-protecting shredders, flash drives, and a Go-Pro baseball hat (Go-Pro sadly not included). Alienware Steam Machine — 4th Generation (Black) [33% Off] Valve’s Steam gaming platform has been an enormous success, prompting Value to create SteamOS — a Linux based Steam gaming Operating System. If you want to play your Steam games in a more traditional console setup then this Alienware Steam machine with a 1 TB hard drive, Steam controller, Intel i3 core, and NVIDEA GeForce GTX GDDR5 is a great place to start. MOTA Pro Live-4000 Quadcopter [10% Off] MOTA Pro Live-4000 Extreme Quadcopter with Auto Land and Take Off MOTA Pro Live-4000 Extreme Quadcopter with Auto Land and Take Off From the creators of the JETJAT series comes a commercial-grade Pro live-4000 comes capable of live streaming right out of box. Additional features include One-Touch Landing and Take-off to make it ready to fly with the push of a button Buy Now At Amazon $224.00 The Pro Live-4000 comes with a HD camera attached so that you can start capturing awesome videos right out of the box. Couple that with One-Touch Landing and Take-Off along with a 360 mAH battery giving you up to seven minutes flight time, making this a great starter drone. Applying the promotional voucher will save you an extra 5% as long as you buy before 30th September. Rexel Prostyle Cross Cut Shredder [84% Off] REXEL PROSTYLE SHREDDER 2101808 REXEL PROSTYLE SHREDDER 2101808 Buy Now At Amazon $571.18 Using a shredder is one of the best ways to protect your privacy Here Are 6 Pieces of Paper You Should Always Shred Here Are 6 Pieces of Paper You Should Always Shred We know that important documents must be shredded, but complacency is easy: 'it doesn't really matter.' But should you go to extremes and destroy all records? Which documents do you really need to shred? Read More even in the digital age. A cross cut shredder gives the best security, turning your private documents into confetti. This model can shred an impressive 11 sheets at a time. Smatree Go-Pro Baseball Hat [50% Off] There are all number of wonderful Go-Pro accessories and one of the more convenient is this baseball hat with Go-Pro mount. Smatree helpfully provide some examples of when you might want to wear such a hat including; fishing, hiking, biking, golfing, attending parties, concerts, and watching games. TP-Link V6 5-Port Desktop Switch [23% Off] 5-port Desktop Gigabit Switch 5 10/100/1000M RJ45 ports plastic case 5-port Desktop Gigabit Switch 5 10/100/1000M RJ45 ports plastic case Buy Now At Amazon $23.09 Once you’ve decided on a switch rather than a hub or router What's the Difference Between Routers, Hubs, and Switches? What's the Difference Between Routers, Hubs, and Switches? Are you confused about the differences between a hub, a switch, and a router? Don't worry. The answer is actually quite simple. In this article, we break it down for you. Read More for your networking needs then you should grab this deal on a 5-port switch from TP-Link, with its 5 Gigabit connection and “Green Ethernet Technology” creating up to 85% power saving. Ads by Google SP Jewel Compact 64 GB USB 3.0 Flash Drive [10% Off] You can’t have too many portable flash drives. At such a reasonable price for 64 GB of storage it’s worth grabbing a few and keeping them in your bag for storage on-the-go. Vansky Bias TV Backlight LED Strip [70% Off] Adding LED backlights to your TV is a great way to customise your setup, add some colour to your room, and reduce eye fatigue. This easy-to-install LED strip allows you to select from a range of 20 colours, and multicoloured options. The USB port allows you to plug directly into your TV, or a 5V/1A USB charger. Previous PostYou Can Get Some Great Deals Right Now [CA]Next PostLimited Time Only: Get 15 GB of Free Personal Cloud Storage for Two Years 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Amazon UK Deals 39 articles Bringing UK readers the lastest and greatest deals from Amazon UK. Any questions or tips - send us an email Advertisement Latest Giveaways Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Advertisement Trending Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price November 15, 2016 15-11-2016 Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It… Ben Stegner November 14, 2016 14-11-2016 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Entertainment 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Dan Price November 14, 2016 14-11-2016 Advertisement Related Articles 7 Simple Steps to Diagnose a Network Problem Windows 7 Simple Steps to Diagnose a Network Problem Ben Stegner November 17, 2016 17-11-2016 Wednesday Deals: Black Friday Sale Continues! [UK] Deals Wednesday Deals: Black Friday Sale Continues! [UK] Amazon UK Deals November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 On a Budget? 5 Gaming Headsets You Can Get for Under $25 Buying Guides Gaming On a Budget? 5 Gaming Headsets You Can Get for Under $25 Joel Lee November 15, 2016 15-11-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»INTEL AKTIE»Intel Corporation: 2 Big Reasons INTC Stock Keeps Gaining INTEL CORPORATION 32,831  Euro -0,056 -0,17 % WKN: 855681  ISIN: US4581401001 Ticker-Symbol: INL  Frankfurt | 18.11.16 | 18:03 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHalbleiter AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 DJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 32,82 32,928 18:46 32,812 32,877 18:46 22.09.2016 | 12:04 (294 Leser) Schrift ändern: (2 Bewertungen) ProfitConfidential.com·Mehr Nachrichten von ProfitConfidential.com Intel Corporation: 2 Big Reasons INTC Stock Keeps Gaining The key markets for many semiconductor manufacturers like Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) from here on out are games, virtual reality consoles, and everything you can stuff into the bag called the Internet of Things (IoT). However, I believe that Intel stock is different.  Before I go into the "Buck Rogers" reasons why I think Intel is different, and why Intel stock is one that investors with a long-term time horizon should consider owning, let's look at the most recent trends. INTC Stock Is Well Behaved INTC stock has behaved very. Den vollständigen Artikel lesen ... © 2016 ProfitConfidential.com Nachrichten zu INTEL CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 18:07 Closing The Book On Intel And Vuzix ► Artikel lesen 16:21 Tech Today: Salesforce, Marvell Surge, Apple's Inventory, Intel's A.I. ► Artikel lesen 15:46 Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good ► Artikel lesen 15:22 Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip ► Artikel lesen 14:33 Google und Intel wollen Cloud Computing in die Unternehmen bringen MOUNTAIN VIEW (IT-Times) - Die Google Cloud Sparte hat eine Allianz mit dem Halbleiterkonzern Intel geformt, um die Akzeptanz von Cloud Computing in Unternehmen zu verbessern. Google hatte mit Intel... ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart INTEL CORPORATION Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % INTEL CORPORATION 32,831 -0,17 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
  Search Prayers Nation Crime Current Affairs Politics In Other News World Australia and New Zealand Neighbours Asia Africa America Europe Middle East South Telangana Andhra Pradesh Tamil Nadu Karnataka Kerala Entertainment Theatre Music Bollywood Kollywood Sandalwood Tollywood Television Movie Reviews Mollywood Hollywood Sports Badminton Cricket Football Tennis In Other News Business Autos Companies Economy In Other News Market Technology Gadgets In Other News Mobiles and Tabs Lifestyle Viral and Trending Health and Wellbeing Sex and Relationship Fashion and Beauty Food and Recipes Travel Books and Art Pets and Environment Gallery Opinion Columnists DC Comment Op Ed Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks     e-Paper | Sunday Chronicle     Auto Refresh Search Prayers Friday, Nov 18, 2016 | Last Update : 11:20 PM IST Nation World South Entertainment Sports Business Technology Lifestyle Gallery Opinion More... Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks Technology, Gadgets Ditch your Google Glass for Oakley Radar Pace DECCAN CHRONICLE Published Sep 22, 2016, 12:58 pm IST Updated Sep 22, 2016, 12:58 pm IST Oakley is preparing to launch its smart eyewear that would feature real-time, voice-activated coaching system.  Oakley's Radar Pace were first showcased at the CES, 2016 in Las Vegas earlier this year where three times Iron Man world champion, Craig Alexander starred in a demonstration video wearing Oakley’s Radar Pace during a workout. Intel is collaborating with Oakley to launch its first product, the voice controlled smart glasses, Radar Pace. These were first showcased at the CES, 2016 in Las Vegas earlier this year where three times Iron Man world champion, Craig Alexander starred in a demonstration video wearing Oakley’s Radar Pace during a workout. Oakley’s Radar Pace is designed on the principles of bi-directional communication, wherein the glasses are activated by the phrase ‘Ok Radar.’ This further activates a voice controlled workout plan along with motivational comments throughout the workout. The smart glasses also provide information of power in watts and pace per mile. The glasses consist of a collection of sensors that include an accelerometer, gyroscope, barometer and sensors for humidity and proximity. The removable earphones that come along with the glasses act as microphones, which are backed by Intel’s Real Audio technology. Wearers could also communicate with other digital assistants like Siri and Google Assistant. The system will reportedly understand English, Italian, German, Spanish and French initially. “The hardware is paired with an app. Like most workout apps, you start by entering your key metrics: gender, age, height, weight and then some details about your workout goals. The app is designed to learn from each workout and make adjustments to your regimen accordingly,” reported Mashable. Oakley’s Radar Pace is expected to be available for sale from October 1 onward. Tags: oakley, smart glasses, radar pace, intel Lifestyle Gallery Images that made it to Time Magazine's most influential pictures Trump inspired merchandise in markets after stunning victory Feast your eyes on these edible 'bouquets' Spellbinding images of famous places clicked from space Supermoon makes rare appearance in different places across the world Skies in Myanmar light up during hot air balloon festival ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR   Danish bishop's 300-year-old poo offers whiff of history   Telugu Desam MP Rayapati Sambasiva Rao offers kidney to ailing Sushma Swaraj   Mumbai Police tightens security ahead of Coldplay concert   In a legal first, British Court allows girl's body to be frozen after death   Note ban crisis: Bhutanese currency in use in some border areas of Northeast   Hair donated by devotees stolen from AP's Mallikarjuna Swamy temple ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT More From Gadgets Alcatel unveils kid-focused smartwatch at Rs 4,799 LatestOne.com launches two new game pads Nike’s new self-lacing to release on Dec 1, but at hefty price of $720 Zebronics ZEB-FIT 100 review: A neat, discreet fitness band New Macs, Lenovo laptop make traditional keyboards touchy ADVERTISEMENT Home Asian Age Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Classifieds Book Classifieds Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2015 - 2016 Deccan Chronicle. Designed, Developed & Maintained By Daksham × Prayers
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Saturday, November 19, 2016 01:50 (GMT+8) Taipei 29°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: investment Foxlink US Taiwan PC, CE Portable ICT manufacturing IT components, peripherals Server, IPC, cloud computing Software DIGITIMES login page Sorry, the page you are trying to open is available only for our paid subscribers. - Please sign in below if you wish to continue - New users, please register Login Save my User ID and Password NEW users please register first. I forgot my ID and/or password? For any problems contact webmaster or email questions and comments to editor Latest Digitimes news ASE-SPIL merger still under review in China and US China investment funds wooing Taiwan IC vendors Egistec October revenues surge Epileds Technologies, High Power Lighting cooperate on UV-C LEDs Digitimes Research: Use of LED chips in TV backlighting to grow slightly in 2017 Court in Germany issues injunction against Everlight Electronics due to infringement of Nichia YAG patent Qualcomm, Samsung collaborate on 10nm for Snapdragon 835 mobile chips NCC plans to reduce fee rates for 1GHz and above frequency band units D-Link participates in Microsoft Super Wi-Fi development HTC cooperates with Shenzhen City Government to foster VR industry Greatek 3Q16 EPS hits 8-quarter high AUO 6G China fab obtains LEED Platinum Certification Vivotek aims to hike revenue proportion from own-brand sales Arima Optoelectronics steps into AlGaInP LED chips Genesis Photonics suffers 3Q16 net operating loss for 8th quarter straight Digitimes Research: Samsung offers smart digital signage Senao revenues stay flat in October Intel announces US$250 million investment for autonomous driving AUO starts production at 6G LTPS LCD plant in China E Ink expects drop in 4Q16 revenues Proportion of notebooks for single-spindle models to rise significantly in 2017, say Taiwan makers Inventec expects 2017 hand-held device shipments to grow 17.2-20.7% Gintech reports losses for 3Q16 China market: 500 million smartphones to be shipped in 2016, says Sigmaintell Global DRAM revenues rise 15.8% in 3Q16, says DRAMeXchange Market summary 18-Nov-2016 markets closed   Last Change TAIEX (TSE) 8995.26 +33.04 +0.37%  TSE electronic 361.79 +2.00 +0.56%  GTSM (OTC) 119.8 -0.05 -0.04%  OTC electronic 158.08 +0.67 +0.42%  View more Around the web South Korea losing strength in trade with China (Nov 17) - BusinessKorea HP's power-packed Z2 Mini desktop takes on Apple's aging Mac Mini (Nov 15) - Computerworld Microsoft, Nvidia collaborate on enterprise AI (Nov 16) - Investopedia Google and Facebook take aim at fake news sites (Nov 14) - New York Times Google taps AMD for accelerating machine learning in the cloud (Nov 15) - Forbes Samsung buys NewNet for RCS technology (Nov 16) - ZDNet The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster (Nov 14) - Daily Mail Google commits to GBP1bn UK investment plan (Nov 15) - BBC News Latest from Digitimes Research Reports Analysis Data Taiwan handsets – 2Q 2016 China smartphone AP shipments - 2Q 2016 Global tablet market – 2Q 2016 China smartphone market and industry – 2Q 2016 More reports Digitimes Research: Growing use of facial recognition increases demand for IR LED devices Digitimes Research: Japan CE market sees decreased DSLR sales, focus on VR, takeoff of drone demand in 3Q16 Digitimes Research: Worldwide notebook shipments grow sequentially in 3Q16 More analysis 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 More interactive charts Supply chain window Sponsor zone Releases White papers Bulletin TUV NORD provides complete supply chain solutions to help Taiwan makers grasp automobile electronics opportunities 'd!conomy – no limits': Keynote theme at CeBIT 2017 reveals the enormous potential afforded by digitalization Frontline PCB Solutions announces a company rebrand NVIDIA drives AI revolution, an ultimate challenge to GPU computing Orbotech presents new, innovative digital production solutions at TPCA 2016 More releases Unisys IT Implementation of Unisys Stealth Solution for Data Center Segmentation Getting the Most Out Of Your Next Generation Digital Security Surveillance System Embracing the New Generation Intel Atom Family with DDR3 Memory Support Got The Message? Ensuring efficient and reliable delivery of content across a mission critical digital signage network Emb' Store On-Demand Software Service for Embedded Computing More white papers Perforce Software Wins Develop Industry Excellence Award for the Second Year in a Row Perforce Teams with Leading Git Client Developer fournova Perforce Introduces Helix GitSwarm: Flexible Git Ecosystem Mirrored to a Powerful Mainline Repository Perforce Helix Distributed Version Control System Brings Greater Flexibility While Maintaining Enterprise-class Security, Auditability and Control Perforce Powers Development of Legacy Quest for iOS and Android More in bulletin On display 1 2 3 Asustek ZenWatch 3 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Xplova X5 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Apple Watch Series 2 smartwatchesPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Apple iPhone 7 and 7 PlusPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Polar M600Photo: Company, Aug 4. Samsung Galaxy Note 7Photo: Company, Aug 3. Acer TravelMate X349 Photo: Company, Jul 25. Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 Mini ITX OC Edition graphics cardPhoto: Company, Jul 14. Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 Windforce OC Edition graphics cardPhoto: Company, Jul 13. Samsung 256GB UFS cardPhoto: Company, Jul 13. Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 G1 Gaming graphics card Photo: Company, Jul 1. AMD to release first Polaris graphics card soonPhoto: Michael Lee, Digitimes, Jun 3. Page 2 Hot Systems Digitimes Research: 4 million 9.7-inch iPad Pros to ship in 1H16 Digitimes Research: Global all-in-one PC shipments to drop 3.9% on year in 2015 Digitimes Research: iPad Pro shipments to be less than 3 million units in 4Q15 Digitimes Research: Intel processor shipments rely on Windows tablets for growth Digitimes Research: Tablets with phone functionality from white-box players to suffer over 15% decline in 2Q15 More Page 2 Apple introduces iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Acer unveils cycling computer Gigabyte launches two new GeForce GTX 1070 graphics cards Gigabyte launches graphics card with Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 GPU AMD announces new workstation graphics card with 32GB memory More Hot Systems Topics Virtual reality on the rise Virtual reality has become the latest topic of the PC industry with players such as Samsung, HTC, Google and Sony, all aggressively pushing into. Taiwan notebook ODMs Taiwan notebook Original Design Manufacturers (ODMs) account for more than 90% of global notebook production and Digitimes is there to provide daily... HTC Vive HTC is banking on its VR device to revive its business Android The early success Google's Android platform has achieved in the handset market has caused system makers, software developers and semiconductor players... Frankly speaking Industry intros Potential of wireless charging technology: Q&A with WPC chairman Menno Treffers To help foster the development of related wireless charging technology in Taiwan, the Wireless Power... Business planning in the cloud: Q&A with Anaplan Silicon Valley based Anaplan, a cloud-based planning and performance management platform provider,... The gaming notebook competition: Q&A with Jone Chang from Gigabyte notebook department Gaming notebooks have become the main focus of Gigabyte Technology's notebook department and despite... Powering the cloud: Intel embraces new identity The next wave of computing is now beginning to define the IT industry, where the boundaries of computing... More interviews Smartphone and tablet industry: The view from Taiwan - May 2012 Taiwan-based companies have a long and successful history of involvement in the supply chain for mobile devices, which for the purposes of this article consist... Taiwan motherboard industry overview - May 2012 The year 2011 saw the motherboard industry reverse its trend of declining shipments year-on-year, to post a slight 0.2% growth. This upturn in fortunes was expected... Notebook market overview - Jun 2011 The notebook industry in 2010 experienced several major events that significantly changed the industry's ecosystem for the year and the industry is also believed... Taiwan motherboard industry overview - Jun 2011 The motherboard industry began 2010 with optimism and expected to see a reversal of the previous two years' declines in revenues and shipments as the impact of... More industry intros Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link TAG CLOUD Taiwan 2016 3Q16 2017 EPS Mobile devices revenues shipments Mobile components IoT demand notebook 10 days cloud DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.

Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Fri, Nov 18, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Oracle OpenWorld dreams of AI but deals in cloud computing Software giant has turned from sceptic about cloud to evangelist for it Thu, Sep 22, 2016, 06:20 John Holden San Francisco Oracle chairman Larry Ellison speaking at the OpenWorld 2016 conference in San Francisco. Photograph: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg         The tech industry has to be the worst offender when it comes to perpetuating buzzwords and fads. As companies – small and large – gamble on their futures by backing one new tech innovation over another, they know that the more people hear and see the name of a new technology the more likely it will stick and become more than just the tech du jour. In previous times, Larry Ellison, chairman of Oracle – the world’s largest business software firm – publicly wrote off internet-based computing, or “the cloud”, as a fad. Probably because those endorsing the new tech were in direct competition with the older business software programmes his company was still selling and maintaining worldwide. Then this summer, Ellison acquired cloud company NetSuite for $9.3 billion, a deal from which he reportedly made a personal profit of $3.5 billion (€3.2 billion). Oracle OpenWorld Now the cloud means everything to Oracle. The word was plastered on every poster and repeated ad nauseam by every speaker at Oracle OpenWorld 2016, an annual customer event, which celebrated its 20th year being held in San Francisco this week. Several thousand gathered at the downtown Moscone Centre – including 11,000 developers for the Java One Conference alone. The sun never stopped shining on the cloud appreciation event, which also had a surprisingly heavy security presence throughout. “We will look back to the dawn of cloud computing and compare it to the disruption created by PCs in the 1990s,” said Diane Bryant, executive vice-president and general manager of the data centre group for Intel Corporation, a key partner of Oracle’s in its expansion into the cloud. Oracle’s decision to stop worrying and love the cloud notwithstanding, the arguments for its proliferation into business are convincing. “This is not a fad, this is a generational shift,” said Oracle chief executive Mark Hurd. “If all the cloud did was cost less but do the same thing as on premise computing systems, everybody would switch to it. But that’s just one part – it makes the data environment more secure, more reliable and it’s far easier to use.” ADVERTISEMENT According to Hurd, cloud providers already generate $30 billion in revenue and yet the tech is so cost-effective for customers that it drives down everything from IT costs to labour and day-to-day office expenses. Various clients including Orange, HSBC and ride-sharing superstar Lyft were wheeled out to validate Oracle’s claims that the cloud makes economic sense. The savings made from a firm’s IT budget, says Hurd, can go into the R&D budget. “So moving to the cloud isn’t just a technical shift, it’s a different economic model,” he said. Artificial intelligence Even artificial intelligence (AI) technology – another major talking point in business tech circles at present – was developing at its current pace because of the data-storage capabilities afforded by cloud platforms. “Cloud computing is a fundamentally more efficient way to deliver all kinds of machine-learning services,” said Intel’s Diane Bryant. “It’s now cost-feasible to store and compute massive amounts of data, which is allowing for many of the advances we’re currently seeing in AI. “Data is the game-changer,” she said. “It is the differentiator for business. AI is all around us, not just in science fiction, and it is transforming the way businesses operate.” Really? Well kind of. “This is the year artificial intelligence came into its own for mainstream businesses, at least as a marketing feature,” reported Quentin Hardy this week in the New York Times. There’s certainly a buzz around AI for business at the moment but levels of conviction concerning its potential don’t seem as strong as, say, cloud-platform technology. “Everyone in the industry is talking up the possibilities of AI for business,” one Oracle staff member told The Irish Times. “There are some interesting products on offer but not all of us are convinced.” Online software platform for sales and marketing Salesforce. com announced last week it was including AI in its product suite. The timing of the firm’s announcement is significant as it meant it could take the sting out of any AI revelations Oracle might be planning at OpenWorld 2016 the following week. For now, AI remains a side project that business software companies must be seen to be active in. Today’s battle remains in the cloud. Even if the new computing platform did turn out to be tech’s latest fad and fall victim to its own hype (which is less than unlikely by the way) Larry Ellison and Co still have plenty to be positive about. Over 300,000 companies worldwide still use Oracle databases, while around 100,000 customers employ its business applications, meaning the corporation is still the world’s largest business technology provider.       Topics: Diane Bryant Larry Ellison Mark Hurd Quentin Hardy HSBC Intel Netsuite Oracle Salesforce San Francisco(US) Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Technology Ireland could be facing even bigger recession, Martin warns Work Pre-meetings key to successful meetings on contentious issues International Rory Best: We need our best performance ever Business Fold-away €5 bike helmet wins Dyson award Sponsored Designing the F-Pace: the story of Jaguar's best-seller HR managers need a simplified approach to pensions World-first tech restores mains electricity to Aran Islands Newbridge Silverware builds ambitious plan for US market ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business Airbnb takes on tourism industry with move into excursions 17:10 Three UK hit by data breach but no risk to Irish customers 16:28 Abercrombie & Fitch shares slide as sales miss estimates 15:52 Draghi warns against allowing Central Bank to cap mortgage rates 15:50 Germany says Commission has no right to decide on its fiscal space 15:39 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Review: Vivofit Jr, an activity tracker for kids Fool your children into activity by turning it into a game Prynt prints your smartphone photos – and adds video Tech Tools: It’s augmented reality meets actual reality with the help of Zink technology Smart wifi plug gives you the power to control the power Tech Tools: TP Link device means you can use home appliances from your smartphone Could sleep problems be a thing of the past with Sense? Tech Tools: ‘Sleep pills’ that aren’t, and a glowing orb that controls everything. Welcome to the future Most Read in Business 1 Ireland’s biggest landlord: ‘I feel bad for the Irish people’ 2 Public sector pay rises? We cannot afford them 3 Draghi warns against allowing Central Bank to cap mortgage rates 4 Airbnb takes on tourism industry with move into excursions 5 May’s changing vocabulary signals shift from ‘hard Brexit’ 6 Donald Trump’s team reveals surprising lack of global business knowledge 7 Aviva to become full-fledged subsidiary of UK parent once again 8 Germany says Commission has no right to decide on its fiscal space 9 Donald Trump victory triggers surge in jobseeking in Ireland 10 Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs in historic shake-up Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Get smart with the Science Gallery Podcast Research finds way to curb racist tweets Angry Chef debunks ‘clean’ eating movement Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Tearaway Unfolded   Big screen debut for Atoi & Co Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Fri 18/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Saturday, November 19, 2016 As of 4:40 AM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Apple MacBook Pro 2016 release date, news & update: Intel Skylake processor, AirPods & upgraded Apple Pencil prime focus By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on September 22 2016 2:30 PM 0 0 0 0 A customer walks past a screen displaying an advertisement of Apple MacBook laptops in a store of Russia's biggest electrical and white goods retailer M.video in Moscow, Russia, April 15, 2016. Reuters/Maxim Zmeyev When the iPhone 7 launch craze seems to be dying down a bit, Apple’s MacBook Pro 2016 is taking centre stage. It’s a widely-anticipated device and rumours suggest that the Cupertino-based tech giant may unveil the device this October. However, some suggest that Apple will wait for the Intel Kaby Lake processors as it would make the MacBook Pro 2016 a must-have. It will be interesting to see whether Apple decides to release the MacBook Pro 2016 with minor upgrades or make it unique with top-class specs and never-seen-before features. Rumours suggest the upcoming MacBook has been given a major makeover with innovative designs, specs and features. According to Mobile & Apps, Apple will make the MacBook Pro 2016 thinner and lighter also introducing the innovative hinge design. More colour options are also a possibility. The company seems to be very serious about removing the 3.5mm headphone jack from its future devices as it is a way to show the world that Apple has the courage to think ahead. Thus, the MacBook Pro 2016, just like iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, may also have the Bluetooth AirPods. As per Apple Insider, MacBook Pro 2016’s physical function keys may also be replaced by an OLED display touch bar that could have modifiable software keys that will adapt to the functions and requirements of various apps. However, the most incredible change that is expected in the Apple MacBook Pro 2016 would be its processor. If at all Apple decides to release the device in October, then it would have to settle for the also-powerful sixth generation Intel Skylake processors. These processors are fast enough to provide a major boost to the device’s speed. The chipset may also help in better battery performance that can be more than just impressive. Now that Apple has introduced the Apple Pay for Mac, fans may be wowed to see an advanced Touch ID fingerprint sensor included in the MacBook Pro 2016. Some unconfirmed reports also stated that the device may have a detachable touch screen. An improvement in resolution is also highly possible. A highly upgraded Apple Pencil could feature with the Apple MacBook Pro 2016. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Google Nexus 7 2016 & Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 comparison Apple iMac 2016 may support VR technology Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Anti-psychotic drugs harmful to dementia sufferers 0 Shares 2 'The Blacklist' season 5 latest updates: Season 5 not happening? Major storyline takeaways from the Season 4 finale 'Dr. Adrian Shaw: Conclusion' 0 Shares 3 'Dancing with the Stars' season 23 episode 13 spoilers: Trio dances begin; Final Four to be announced 0 Shares 4 New 'Doctor Who' in 2018 0 Shares 5 NES Classic Edition: Nintendo promises to restock before the holidays 0 Shares 6 Optus and Huawei completed 5G trial in Australia 0 Shares 7 'Outlander' Season 3: Young Jamie cast; Sam Heughan teases photo 0 Shares 8 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan promises to answer questions 0 Shares 9 'Star Wars: Episode 8' theory' What Rey's training will entail 0 Shares 10 ‘Star Wars Rebels’ Season 3 episode 7 preview 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Domino’s to sell thickshakes and ice cream in cups in July 2017 3rd loss for Johnson & Johnson after St Louis jury awards over $70 million to California woman diagnosed with ovarian cancer Hancock Prospecting says its bid for Kidman cattle business is superior to BBHO’s AT&T to buy Time Warner for $112.25B Woolworths opens its first next generation store in Sydney Apple Pay wins deal with 31 Australian banks, credit unions More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Chili’s apologises after US veteran’s food taken away by manager on Veterans Day Killer clown stabs woman on leg while at home Australia infected by killer clown craze Australian resident sentenced to 20 years in Indonesia for cyanide coffee murder British woman charged with extramarital sex in Dubai after reporting her gang rape Pregnant Sydney woman burnt by charging iPhone 7 as she slept More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East NBA Trade News: Thunder trying to acquire Rudy Gay Russell Wilson wants to bring back Seattle SuperSonics NBA world wants nothing to do with Donald Trump Tim Duncan immortalised: Spurs to retire his jersey Watch Los Angeles Lakers vs San Antonio Spurs: Live steam, preview, where to watch NBA Trade News: Phoenix Suns not shopping Brandon Knight More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Super Mario Run for iOs devices available in Australia on Dec. 15 Apple iPad Pro 2 to take up EarPods? Anti-psychotic drugs harmful to dementia sufferers 'Pokemon Go' updates: Niantic exec reveals plans for the future NES Classic Edition: Console still available for a thrice the retail price Canon 6D Mark II to sport same full-frame capabilities as 5D? More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘New Girl’ season 6, episode 6 spoilers, recap: ‘Ready’ One Direction's Zayn Malik requested to seek professional help by Mel C ‘Brooklyn Nine-Nine’ season 4, episode 6 spoilers: ‘Monster in the Closet’ Taylor Swift rebuffs Andy Cohen's suggestion to sit with Katy Perry Adele's 2017 Australian tour details: Ticket prices and schedule 'Star Wars: Episode 8' theory: Focus on Luke's lightsaber again More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car NASA's Juno Probe Reaches Jupiter Orbit China Begins Military Exercises In South China Sea Jose Mourinho: 'It's A Job Everyone Wants' Dior Unveils Autumn Creations At Paris Haute Couture Week IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.

null
menu SC US SC UK Show Search Bar News Opinions Blogs Cybercrime Ransomware Data breaches APTs/Cyberespionage Malware Phishing Insider Threats Network Security Mobile Security Cloud Security Privacy & compliance Vulnerabilities IoT Email Security Product Reviews Group Tests First Looks About product reviews In Depth Features Video Events Virtual Conferences Webcasts SC Congress SC Awards 2017 Whitepapers Log in Register The Cybersecurity source SC Magazine US > News > Cybercriminals already able to hack ATM biometric readers by Doug Olenick, Online Editor September 23, 2016 Cybercriminals already able to hack ATM biometric readers Yoga 910 laptop Well, that didn't take long. A Kaspersky Labs report indicates that using biometric data as a replacement for a password or PIN at an ATM is not only already in the process of being hacked by cybercriminals, but the potential downside of a person having their biometrics stolen is much more severe than losing a username or password. The first test running biometric scanners on ATM started about a year ago, but Kaspersky has found for sale on the Dark Web 12 sellers of devices allegedly capable of stealing fingerprints. In addition, the research has located evidence that three other groups or individuals are working on a way to steal data from palm print and iris recognition systems. “The problem with biometrics is that unlike passwords or pin codes, which can be easily modified in the event of compromise, it is impossible to change your fingerprint or iris image,” said Olga Kochetova, security expert at Kaspersky Lab told SCMagazine.com in an email. “Thus, if your data is compromised once, it won't be safe to use that authentication method again. Kochetova went on to describe the potential loss of biometric data as the type of threat the cybersecurity industry has never yet experienced. However, the potential problems posed by depending upon biometrics for security are not stopping other industries from implementing this technology. A collaboration between Intel, Lenovo, PayPal and Synaptics is attempting to accelerate biometric adoption through the use of the FIDO (Fast IDentity Online) Alliance standard. FIDO's mission is to develop technical specifications that define an open, scalable, interoperable set of mechanisms that reduce the reliance on passwords to authenticate users. Lenovo announced on Sept. 23 it will begin including FIDO biometric authentication in its laptops that will enable customers to use a finger swipe to authorize payments with FIDO-supported services like PayPal.  The first such equipped product will be Lenovo's Yoga 910 convertible. These computers will combine Intel's 7th generation processors, known as Kaby Lake, with the company's Software Guard Extensions along with Synaptic's Natural ID fingerprint sensor that includes TLS 1.2 encryption and that firm's Natural ID Fingerprint Solution software. Topics: Credit Card Cybercrime Cyberthreats You must be a registered member of SC Magazine US to post a comment. Click here to login   |  Click here to register Related Articles User data of 43.6M Last.fm subscribers made public BY Greg Masters Sep 1, 2016 It's time to find an alternative to multi-factor authentication BY François Amigorena Sep 20, 2016 Google launches API to eliminate passwords on Android devices BY Jeremy Seth Davis Aug 5, 2016 Windows 10 free upgrades end today, many upgrading 'due to security' BY Dannielle Correa Jul 29, 2016 Most read on SC PacketSled CEO Harrigan resigns over threats to Trump Trump win alarms cyber pros Adult Friend Finder hacked Researcher hacks city's WiFi service using buffer-overflow exploit Dark tower in lower Manhattan outed as NSA nerve center Get SC Media delivered to your inbox SC Media Featured White Paper of the Day SC Media Newswire SC Media Product/Industry Buzz United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe SC Media arms cybersecurity professionals with the in-depth, unbiased business and technical information they need to tackle the countless security challenges they face and establish risk management and compliance postures that underpin overall business strategies. User Center About Contact Advisory Board Meet the team Subscribe Advertise Product Reviews About/Contact FAQ Reprints Other Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions More SC Sites SC UK SC Congress SC Awards SC Online Events Follow SC Media Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.  close {{{ form.header }}} {{{ form.title }}} {{{error}}} {{error}} {{ option.label }} Get Free Newsletters: {{ field.label }} {{ form.postButtonLabel }} By registering you agree with our Terms And Conditions | Privacy Policy {{{ form.footer }}} Don't have an SC Media account? Sign up for free now »
Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Videos About en de es fr it nl pt The VICE Channels Share Tweet Motherboard Motherboard Watch Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Latest Videos Documentaries Interviews Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Follow Motherboard Newsletter Image: Karlis Dambrans/Flickr iOS 10 Has a 'Severe' Security Flaw, Says iPhone-Cracking Company Written by Joshua Kopstein Contributor September 23, 2016 // 04:08 PM EST Copy This URL Apple has introduced a “severe” flaw in its newly-released iOS 10 operating system that leaves backup data vulnerable to password-cracking tools, according to researchers at a smartphone forensics company that specializes in unlocking iPhones. In a blog post published Friday by Elcomsoft, a Russian company that makes software to help law enforcement agencies access data from mobile devices, researcher Oleg Afonin showed that changes in the way local backup files are protected in iOS 10 has left backups dramatically more susceptible to password-cracking attempts than those produced by previous versions of Apple’s operating system. Specifically, the company found that iOS 10 backups saved locally to a computer via iTunes allow password-cracking tools to try different password combinations at a rate of 6,000,000 attempts per second, more than 40 times faster than with backups created by iOS 9. Elcomsoft says this is due to Apple implementing a weaker password verification method than the one protecting backup data in previous versions. That means that cops and tech-savvy criminals could much more quickly and easily gain access to data from locally-stored iOS 10 backups than those produced by older versions. Being a company known for breaking into iPhones, Elcomsoft unsurprisingly did not disclose the vulnerability to Apple before publishing its blog. But CEO Vladimir Katalov told Motherboard that his company responded to Apple’s security team after it requested more information about the bug through the company’s online support system early Friday morning. “Apple is definitely aware they have implemented [the flaw] themselves :)” Katalov told Motherboard in an email. An Apple spokesperson confirmed that the company is working on a fix. “We're aware of an issue that affects the encryption strength for backups of devices on iOS 10 when backing up to iTunes on the Mac or PC. We are addressing this issue in an upcoming security update,“ the spokesperson said in a statement. “This does not affect iCloud backups. We recommend users ensure their Mac or PC are protected with strong passwords and can only be accessed by authorized users. Additional security is also available with FileVault whole disk encryption.” The flaw could be a huge boon for law enforcement, spies, and sophisticated criminals who are able to gain possession of a victim’s iOS backup file. While iOS devices themselves are known for having fairly solid security backed by a hardware module called the Secure Enclave, one of the remaining avenues of attack is to trigger a device to backup either to iCloud or a local computer, where data enjoys far less protection. Normally, local backups are protected by a user’s password. But in iOS 10, Apple has implemented a weaker hashing algorithm—a function used to verify and store passwords in an unrecognizable format. This allows police and hackers to more easily “brute force” the backup file’s password by having a piece of forensics software guess millions of different passwords per second until it finds one that matches the stored hash. Using an Intel i5 processor, Elcomsoft says it was able to guess passwords on iOS 10 backups 2,500 times faster than using the same hardware against an iOS 9 backup. That same processor was still 40 times faster than using a top-of-the-line graphics processor to brute force passwords on backups created by iOS 9. (Elcomsoft doesn’t support GPU-based password cracking yet on iOS 10, but it should increase the speed even more once it becomes available.) When compounded with lists of commonly-used passwords, Elcomsoft says the amount of time it takes to crack an iOS 10 backup’s password can be reduced even further. Once an attacker has unlocked the backup, they can gain complete access to the device’s data in its saved state—including the keychain, a file that’s normally impossible to retrieve from the physical device which stores all the user’s logins and passwords. For its part, Apple at least seems interested in issuing a fix. But given the various pieces of software involved, it remains unclear how long it would take to roll out. “The fix itself is probably not so easy, because that hash might be used for some other purposes we are not aware of,” Katalov told Motherboard in an email. “So I guess that not just iOS update is needed, but also iTunes update as well, and probably some changes to the backup format.” UPDATE: Sept. 23, 5:50 p.m. ET: This story has been updated to include Apple's statement. Also, a previous version of this article mentioned rainbow tables as a method for determining a backup file's password, however rainbow tables would in fact not be usable in this case. Topics: iPhone 7, security, privacy, iPhone 7 hacking, hacking, Elcomsoft Contact Motherboard by email. You can reach us at letters@motherboard.tv. Letters may be published. Want to see other people talking about Motherboard? Check out our letters to the editor. Recommended Watch a Pumpkin Save the iPhone 7 From a 100-Foot Drop Samsung’s Note 7 Is Circling the Drain Hackers Claim Theft of Data from Gorilla Glue The ‘iTunes of Blowjobs’ Launched Today Canadian Media Is Selling Citizens Short In a Nationwide Surveillance Debate How to Disappear in a Fog of Data (and Why) Follow Us Everywhere Most Popular What a Trump Presidency Means For Science After 20 Minutes of Listening, New Adobe Tool Can Make You Say Anything Vancouver Considers Abandoning Parts of the Coast Because of Climate Change How We Plan to Cover the Environment In a Trump Presidency The Canadian Military Is Investigating a Mysterious Noise In the Arctic Why Some Apple Fans Are Considering a Hackintosh © 2016 Vice Media LLC About Motherboard About Motherboard Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Will the Nasdaq Surge End in Another Tech Wreck? Anthony Mirhaydari The Fiscal TimesSeptember 23, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share It's feeling like 1999 again. The Clintons are in the headlines. Everyone is enamored with new technologies (VR, autonomous vehicles, robotics). And the sluggish pace of rate hikes from the Federal Reserve is growing a nice bubble in financial markets. Investors don’t see any more attractive options for their money, so stocks keep chugging ahead. Never mind a corporate earnings recession now in its sixth quarter. Never mind the outright contraction in manufacturing activity. Never mind disappointing GDP growth. Or the recent slowdown in job gains. After the Fed delivered its "no hike" policy decision on Wednesday just as Wall Street wanted, we're back to the races. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite has surged to new highs for two straight days. At the same time, investors are shunning boring areas of the market like consumer staples. That could be a problem, as I'll explain. Related: Will Our Rotten Politicians Kill This Bull Market?  First, let's revel in the areas moving higher. The Nasdaq gapped over the 5,300 level on Thursday, breaking out of a three-month sideways channel that's capped a two-year flirtation with resistance near the 5,200 level. The index is in clear air now and well above the dotcom bubble high of 5,132. The stocks driving the move are the who's who of big-tech investing. Facebook (FB) looks ready to jump above $132 a share to a record, up more than 650 percent from its post-IPO low of $17.55 set in 2012. Amazon (AMZN) shares appear to be riding one of its newfangled delivery drones higher and higher, soaring above the $800 level for the first time. Alphabet (GOOGL) is making a run at $820. Even Apple (AAPL) is on the mend, as interest in the iPhone 7 has transcended the underwhelming initial reaction to its unveiling. Shares are up about 25 percent from their May low. AMZN ChartMore AMZN data by YCharts Old guard tech stocks are playing along too. Microsoft (MSFT) is closing in on its record high set in August thanks to the announcement of a bigger dividend and a new share buyback program. Chipmaker Intel (INTC) has returned to levels not seen since 2000, up 20 percent since May, thanks to reports of rebounding PC demand and inventory restocking. Even tech turnaround plays like Yahoo! (YHOO) and HP (HPQ) have been climbing higher. Related: Theft of 500 Million Yahoo Accounts Is the Biggest Single Hack Ever Yet other areas of the market are being left in the dust. Cyclical sectors like financials, materials and energy are being ignored. Retail is in the tank. And defensive areas like consumer staples are underperforming. No wonder then that, while the superstars in the Nasdaq are riding high, broader measures of the stock market such as the NYSE Composite Index are well below record levels. The index is down about 4 percent from highs seen in May 2015 and is trading at levels first reached in the summer of 2014. The result is a dangerous narrowing of market breadth that's creating a sense the move in big-tech is all about momentum and chasing returns, not about reasoned investments in future earnings growth — classic, late-stage bull market behavior, but the sort that is very risky for those that don't realize the broader context of these moves. If you want to chase the rise in tech, be aware these are trades; this environment isn't conducive to buy-and-hold thinking. At least, not unless buyers quickly broaden their interest to stocks outside the tech sector. Related: Record Number of Americans Have $5 Million to Invest Jason Goepfert at SentimenTrader notes that the Nasdaq was alone in setting a new high on Wednesday, with the other major averages all closing more than 1 percent below their own highs — the first time this has happened to such a degree since 1999. Going back 40 years, the historic result has typically been some near-term weakness (the S&P 500 managed to rise in only two of six occurrences two weeks later) before the enthusiasm spread to other areas and the market gains become more broad-based. Turning back to consumer staples stocks, Goepfert finds that less than 20 percent of shares in that area have been trading above their 50-day moving averages, a sign of just how forlorn these names are. Since the bull market began, such a thing has only happened two times before: in June 2010 and in August 2011. The good news is that both times marked a low for staples stocks. The moral of the story: Unless stocks like Coca-Cola (KO) and Wal-Mart (WMT) perk up soon and follow the lead of tech favorites like Amazon, it could be a sign that the Fed's latest stock market bubble has entered its terminal, and most dangerous, stage. Top Reads from The Fiscal Times: What to Do If You Were Scammed by Wells Fargo What’s Ailing the Economy? Political Paralysis May Be the Biggest Problem The Real Scandal at Wells Fargo: Execs Got Rich by ‘Sandbagging’ Clients Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next European stocks falter; euro hits dollar low for year AFP U.S. inflation, labor market data bolster Fed December rate hike Reuters Confidence rebounds for wealthy investors after U.S. election: study Reuters Asian markets mixed as US rally fades, dollar retreats Associated Press YELLEN: A rate hike would be appropriate 'relatively soon' Yahoo Finance Sophie Theallet Vows Not to Dress Melania Trump, Asks Other Designers to Do the Same WWD Rep. Marsha Blackburn talks Trump transition Yahoo News Video Fitness Blogger Lets Her Belly Rolls Show, to the Delight of Fans Yahoo Beauty Warplanes pound Aleppo – Dozens dead Yahoo News Photo Staff DIVIDED AMERICA: Easy retirement? Only for a privileged few Associated Press Insomniac Theater: 'Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them' and 'Manchester By The Sea' ABC News Videos Kanye West Tells Concert Goers He Would Have Voted for Donald Trump, Talks His 2020 Campaign Entertainment Tonight Brian Austin Green Posts Adorable Photos of His Three Boys with Megan Fox Good Morning America Baltimore teacher fired after racist rant at students Yahoo News Police fatally shoot Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minn. Yahoo News Photo Staff Oil falls as stronger dollar outweighs OPEC deal optimism Reuters Trump analytics firm: Best ads emphasized ‘change’ LollipopsAndRainbows: There was not one targeted ad that determined who I voted for. Vast government corruption is what made my decision. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 773 Friday Rewind: Election Protests ABC News Videos Panthers beat Saints but lose Luke Kuechly to possible concussion that left him sobbing Shutdown Corner Jennifer Lopez Sizzles in Semi-Sheer Zuhair Murad Couture Jumpsuit at Latin Grammys People Kaley Cuoco Makes No Apologies for Her Cosmetic Surgery Procedures Yahoo Beauty Syria’s children caught in the crossfire of civil war Yahoo News Photo Staff Abercrombie, Gap forecasts signal tough holiday quarter for retailers Reuters President Obama, Re-Assurer in Chief, Stops in Germany, Greece ABC News Videos Trump nears settlement in Trump University lawsuit Reuters Take A Look Inside Donald Trump’s $100 Million Penthouse Yahoo Celebrity Video George Takei on Muslim registry: ‘Have we learned nothing?’ Yahoo News Protesting the Dakota Access pipeline Yahoo News Photo Staff Volkswagen to shed 30,000 jobs, cutting costs after scandal Associated Press Family's Life with 650-Pound 'Wonder Pig' Turned Insta-Star ABC News Videos Trump Transition Watch Yahoo News No, This Bizarre Anti-Obama Painting Isn't Going to Hang in Trump's White House Newsweek UK ONC Yellen: I'm not stepping down until my term is done CNBC Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Our Properties: Gamasutra GameCareerGuide IndieGames GDC Vault GDC IGF SEARCH GO GAME JOBS updates Blogs contractors newsletter store SEARCH GO ALL CONSOLE/PC SMARTPHONE/TABLET INDEPENDENT VR/AR SOCIAL/ONLINE         PROGRAMMING ART AUDIO DESIGN PRODUCTION BIZ/MARKETING Latest Jobs View All     RSS November 18, 2016 Booz Allen Hamilton Lead Game Developer Wargaming | BigWorld Software Engineer, C++, Game Engine Development Skydance Interactive Java Developer Skydance Interactive Level Designer DePaul University Assistant Professor OR Instructor in Computer Science (game programming) Protectwise, Inc. Substance Designer Artist Latest Blogs View All     Post     RSS November 18, 2016 Over the top: Historians discuss Battlefield 1 Importance of UI for player retention on example of AaaaAAAaaaAAA!!! [1] VR Retail Practices Need Urgent Makeover Weaving Narratives into Procedural Worlds [1] Music Game Plan: Tactics for the Video Game Composer (Part Four) Press Releases November 18, 2016 Games Press Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Double XP Weekend &... New Moon Grey Merge VR Goggles Now Available... DASH FLEET WWE 2K17 Presents: Goldberg vs. Lesnar –... Custard! a dessert-themed addictive puzzle game... View All     RSS About Editor-In-Chief: Kris Graft Senior Contributing Editor: Brandon Sheffield News Editors: Alex Wawro Advertising/Recruitment/Education: Courtney Blair Contact Gamasutra Report a Problem Submit News Comment Guidelines Blogging Guidelines How We Work Gama Network If you enjoy reading this site, you might also want to check out these UBM Tech sites: Game Career Guide Indie Games   Warhammer® 40,000®: Dawn of War® II, Chaos Rising™ and Retribution™ released for Mac and Linux on September 29th       09/23/2016   [This unedited press release is made available courtesy of Gamasutra and its partnership with notable game PR-related resource GamesPress.] DATE:        Friday, September 23rd, 2016 CONTACT: Andrew Wood at awood@feralinteractive.com                    +44 (0)20 8875 1375 Feral Interactive today announced that the classic real-time strategy game Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II and its standalone expansions Chaos Rising and Retribution will all be released for Mac and Linux on September 29 th. Developed by Relic Entertainment™ for Windows PC and set in Games Workshop®’s grimdark fantasy universe, Dawn of War II is a compelling combination of RTS and RPG gameplay. Driven by an innovative campaign narrative steeped in the lore of Warhammer 40,000 armies, technologically advanced warriors wage brutal war against remorseless enemies in a series of addictively fast-paced and visceral combat missions. It’s the 41 st Millennium in the sub-sector Aurelia, a cluster of worlds on the edge of the Milky Way, where a battle of epic proportions is about to begin. As a newly promoted Force Commander of the Blood Ravens chapter, it is your privilege to lead crack squads of Space Marines into battle against the forces of Orks, Tyranids and Eldar that threaten the Imperium of Man. Chaos Rising takes place one year after the events of Dawn of War II, and is set on Aurelia, long-lost home world of the Blood Ravens. Players once again take command of the Blood Ravens in order to free the planet from the forces of Chaos. Retribution takes place ten years after Chaos Rising and presents a new threat to the Imperium of Man in which players may command any one of six races in a campaign that ranges across all the planets of sub-sector Aurelia. In addition to their imaginative single-player campaigns, all three games feature highly-accomplished multiplayer in which players can either plunge into skirmish mode or team up with others in The Last Stand™, a cooperative survival mode.    “We're delighted to be bringing such enduringly popular games to Mac and Linux,” said David Stephen, Managing Director of Feral Interactive, “Their quality and appeal have more than stood the test of time and it’s a privilege to introduce them to a new audience.” Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II will be available through Steam, the Feral Store and other online stores for $19.99/£14.99/€19,99. Dawn of War II - Chaos Rising will be available for $19.99/£14.99/€19,99, while Dawn of War II - Retribution will be available for $29.99/£19.99/€29,99. The Last Stand can be purchased separately through Steam for $9.99/£6.99/€9,99, as well as all 20 Dawn of War II - Retribution DLC packs, each priced individually. Also available through Steam and the Feral Store will be the Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II - Master Collection, which contains the base game and the Chaos Rising and Retribution expansions, and will retail for $54.99/£39.99/€54.99, and the Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II - Grand Master Collection, which contains the base game, the two expansions, and 18 DLC packs for $79.99/£54.99/€69.99.  On the Mac App Store Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War® II will retail for US $19.99/£14.99/€19,99, while Dawn of War II - Chaos Rising will retail for $19.99/£14.99/€19,99, and Dawn of War II - Retribution for $29.99/£19.99/€29,99. Minimum Mac system requirements call for a 1.8 GHz CPU with at least 4GB RAM, 512MB or better graphics card, and Mac OS X 10.10.5 or later. Minimum Linux system requirements call for a 2.0 GHz CPU with at least 4GB RAM, 1GB or better graphics card, and SteamOS 2.0 or Ubuntu 16.04  or better. The game also requires an NVIDIA 6xx/AMD 6xxxx/Intel Iris Pro series graphics card or better. EDITORS: Screenshots, logos, and other essential graphics and multimedia tools for Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II can be found online in the Feral Press Area ( http://press.feralinteractive.com/games/ ). If you do not have a Press Area login, please contact Andrew Wood at awood@feralinteractive.com . About Feral Interactive Feral Interactive is a leading publisher of games for the Macintosh and Linux platforms, founded in 1996 and based in London, England. It is responsible for such hits as Life is Strange™, XCOM® 2, Medieval II: Total War, Tomb Raider™, GRID Autosport, Alien: Isolation™, Company of Heroes™ 2, Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor, XCOM®: Enemy Unknown and Empire: Total War for Mac and Linux, and Sleeping Dogs™: Definitive Edition, LEGO® Marvel’s Avengers, Thief, LEGO® Jurassic World™, DiRT 3, GRID 2 and Total War™: SHOGUN 2 for Mac. Please visit our website at http://www.feralinteractive.com , find us on Twitter http://www.twitter.com/feralgames or Facebook http://www.facebook.com/feralinteractive . About Warhammer ®  40,000 ® : Dawn of War ®  II Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War is Relic’s critically-acclaimed real-time strategy game that brings to life the iconic Games Workshop Warhammer 40,000 universe. Set in the forty-first millennium, players choose a race and take them into battle on the brutal frontlines of war and fight for supremacy of the galactic empire. Since its inception, the Dawn of War series has sold more than 7 million copies. About Relic Entertainment Relic Entertainment™ is the award-winning development studio behind critically-acclaimed franchises including Warhammer 40:000: Dawn of War, Company of Heroes, and more. Since its inception in 1997, Relic has produced a rich catalogue of genre-defining real-time strategy titles and continues to innovate today as a SEGA-owned studio. Relic is located in Vancouver, Canada. Learn more at www.relic.com . About Games Workshop Games Workshop® Group PLC (LSE:GAW.L) is based in Nottingham, UK. Games Workshop designs, manufactures, retails, and distributes its range of Warhammer® and Warhammer® 40,000® games, miniature soldiers, novels and model kits through more than 400 of its own Hobby centres, the Internet and independent retail channels in more than 50 countries worldwide. More information about Games Workshop can be found at www.games-workshop.com and further details about all of Games Workshop's licensees and their products are at licensing.games-workshop.com © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2015. Warhammer, the Warhammer logo, GW, Games Workshop, The Game of Fantasy Battles, the twin-tailed comet logo, and all associated logos, illustrations, images, names, creatures, races, vehicles, locations, weapons, characters, and the distinctive likeness thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world, and used under licence. All Rights Reserved to their respective owners.     Categories: [View All]       TECHNOLOGY GROUP Black Hat Content Marketing Institute Content Marketing World Dark Reading Enterprise Connect Fusion GDC GTEC Gamasutra HDI ICMI InformationWeek Interop ITX Network Computing No Jitter VRDC COMMUNITIES SERVED Content Marketing Enterprise IT Enterprise Communications Game Development Information Security IT Services & Support WORKING WITH US Advertising Contacts Event Calendar Tech Marketing Solutions Contact Us Licensing Terms of Service Privacy Statement Copyright © 2016 UBM, All rights reserved
183c2b1f21b298cab93b243dc62706d7ced5ed8b http://bostinno.streetwise.co/assets/2cf6776f Boston Washington DC Chicago Austin Careers Events Our Events Events Directory Newsletters Sign In 225 SHARE What Twitter Learned the Hard Way About the 'Quality Filter' Joah Spearman is a startup founder in Austin, Texas. You can find out more about his company, Localeur, here. You can find more guest posts TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE NOW READING by Joah Spearman What Twitter Learned the Hard Way About the 'Quality Filter' Communities Tech Education Lifestyle Careers Events Our Events Events Directory Newsletters Studio Sign In 225 SHARE What Twitter Learned the Hard Way About the 'Quality Filter' Joah Spearman is a startup founder in Austin, Texas. You can find out more about his company, Localeur, here. You can find more guest posts TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE NOW READING by Joah Spearman What Twitter Learned the Hard Way About the 'Quality Filter' SHARE What Twitter Learned the Hard Way About the 'Quality Filter' Joah Spearman is a startup founder in Austin, Texas. You can find out more about his company, Localeur, here. You can find more guest posts TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE Photo by Bloomberg Media Source twitter facebook send via email SHARE What Twitter Learned the Hard Way About the 'Quality Filter' Joah Spearman is a startup founder in Austin, Texas. You can find out more about his company, Localeur, here. You can find more guest posts TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE share What Twitter Learned the Hard Way About the 'Quality Filter' 225 Joah Spearman - Co-Founder and CEO, Localeur 9/23/16 @9:44am in Tech 9/23/16 @9:44am Joah Spearman is a startup founder in Austin, Texas. You can find out more about his company, Localeur, here. You can find more guest posts from Austin entrepreneurs, investors and operators here, on our sister site, Austin Inno.  I want to talk for a minute about quality versus quantity, but not the kind of battle you’re probably used to in big business. This isn’t about Target vs. Wal-Mart or Suicide Squad’s terrible reviews vs. Suicide Squad’s global box office haul. This post is about an entirely different version of the quality vs. quantity discussion. A friend of mine, James Andrews, who is CEO of Smashd, posed a question on Facebook earlier this year, asking what marketing trends people expect to see in 2017. One of the early comments was about the anticipation of greater focus on quality moving forward. I agree with this sentiment, but also believe that this push toward greater quality will take root in the way startups are measured, too. What I see happening right now in the venture capital business, both with private startups or with public companies that relied on VC dollars to grow, is a growing and perpetual lack of concern for quality if the quantities are right. Meaning: if user growth is rapid and revenue is steadily increasing, investors are routinely showing disregard for whether or not companies are doing the right thing. In the cases of Twitter, Snapchat and Airbnb, those decisions are coming back to hurt them. Related 'Experiences' Startup Besomebody Is Moving to Boston From Austin See, late last month, Snapchat pushed out yet another new filter that led to renewed tweets and Medium posts calling the company racist and offensive. While the unicorn said the filter was inspired by anime (similar to how their April 20th filter that was "inspired by" Bob Marley), many people including Katie Zhu, a product manager for the popular blogging platform Medium, called bullshit. Let me ask you something: is anyone really surprised? No. Twitter, another tech darling of the past decade, has had very well-publicized bouts with discrimination internally. First it was the lack of female representation on its board prior to their appointment of Marjorie Scardino in 2013 in the leadup to their I.P.O. Later came chronicled exits of black employees. A year ago, all any investor could seem to talk about was whether or not Twitter will ever grow quickly again to increase its stock price. In 2016, some began to wonder whether a climate of harassment and vitriol was keeping users away. As if on cue, alt-right Twitterati launched a campaign of harassment against celebrity comedian Leslie Jones, who quit the service very publicly (and temporarily). Twitter is waking up to the quality problem. In August it rolled out plans to introduce a quality filter. Then there’s Airbnb, the hospitality industry disruptor, that is facing the most significant hit to its reputation as a company in what had previously been a largely positive wave of praise on its way to a reported $30 billion valuation. The reason? A number of black users have experienced discrimination by hosts who are less inclined to offer their apartments and homes to people of color. So much for sharing and belonging, right? Airbnb's near-term solution of hiring former Attorney General Eric Holder to help address the problem seems sound, but also less likely to fix the underlying issue at the source (the product itself as Nextdoor realized) than would, say, hiring black engineers and product managers. But perhaps the investors who are about to pour the next $1 billion into the company at a whopping $30 billion valuation don't take the issue as seriously as its CEO. Airbnb CEO Brian Chesky and US Commerce Sec'y Penny Pritzker at GES 2016 Money isn’t lost if they’re jerks. Money isn’t lost if you’re late to address a major issue. Money is lost if they aren’t growing. Nice guys finish last in Startupland, according to the ongoing and vibrant action of tech industry investors. That is the message that is being sent over and over again to tech startup founders, whether you’re Jack Dorsey hiring a white man to run your diversity and inclusion efforts or you’re Evan Spiegel at Snapchat who, unlike Airbnb’s Brian Chesky, has not called his company’s discriminatory practices (or filters) the most challenging issue facing his company today. How fast are you growing? What’s your recurring revenue run rate? How many monthly users do you have? What is your annual revenue forecast for this fiscal year? Many of the most important metrics in business, the technology industry in particular, are focused on the quantitative attributes of a company. It’s understandable. Successful businesses need to grow their customer bases, their monthly users and their bottom lines. But what about quality?  Very few are nearly as adept at predicting the value of quality-driven metrics.  If Uber gets in a fight with a major city’s government officials, exhibits what many of those officials believe to be asshole behavior then leaves the city (as it has in Austin), does that have implications on the quality of the technology or on the quantity of users and revenue potential? Perhaps investors don’t mind this happening in a city of just a million residents like Austin, but what if it happened in Paris or New York? Would that merit investor concern or a valuation adjustment? Or if Airbnb has highly-publicized issues with discrimination against a segment of its customers as it has with black users in America, is that a factor of the marketplace’s quality or quantity? What happens if those discrimination concerns are coming from the gay community or French people or females? Does that give investors confidence in the company focused on belonging? These occurrences and these questions should matter to you if you're a founder or startup investor or even if you work for a tech company. The industry today trains itself - the investors, the media, the employees - to be highly skilled at gauging the potential of a startup on quantitative aspects like user growth and revenue. Very few are nearly as adept at predicting the value of quality-driven metrics. Twitter investors who bought in at the company's $45-a-share IPO pop are understandably frustrated with its plummet to less than half that number. Would a better understanding of quality have helped them spot its problems earlier? Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey, Credit Bloomberg Media Source We may find out as transparency in business grows. Just look at the growing wave of criticism against tech companies and their lack of diversity since Intel, Apple, Amazon and others began publishing their hiring statistics. Hiring political figures like Eric Holder only goes so far. Eventually these companies - startups, even - will actually need to find a repeatable process that helps them consider quality over quantity. This, as it turns out, will help them recruit people of color, provide equal pay and promotion opportunities to women and stop being assholes in general. Of course, the tech industry wants you to believe this is simply a case of a few bad apples. That would be a lie. When these “bad apples” have as much business ownership as a senior executive at Uber or as much product leadership as the people who choose the filters at Snapchat, there is plenty evidence that this offensive behavior goes largely unpunished by investors who fuel the industry. And it all starts by placing as much focus on quality as quantity, and - in some instances - even more focus on quality if the quantity is lacking. Today, everything we’re seeing in the business community, be it ethical manufacturing or diversity in recruiting and leadership, points to a growing role for quality (alongside quantity) on the success of companies. The tech industry may be living in its own bubble of sorts, thanks to the continued success of Facebook, Uber, Airbnb and others, but that bubble will pop if enough users continue to feel like this is perpetually breaking the one rule Google was smart enough to deploy as its motto: don’t be evil. Why does a tech company need to tell the public it won't be evil? Because a successful tech company - Google, Apple, Facebook, Uber, Airbnb - can transform an entire industry, people's lives and their behaviors. So if your company is racist or sexist or has a few bad apples in prominent positions, that behavior may just seep out into the mainstream via an apartment for rent or a Snapchat filter. Quantity is about repeatable processes. Good news in knowing how to measure for it is that you scale more quickly by doing the thing that worked over and over again. Hire another white male engineer. Ignore another complaint from a black user or customer. We’re still growing so who cares, right? Bad news is you lack diversity because your business relies on duplicating and building on the past rather than constantly seeking out what's new. You miss opportunities to build bridges with city officials. You miss signals from underrepresented employees and users. You miss out on future growth with customers you don’t presently have. There's no filter for failure, but if success looks like a continued disregard for people, then I hope this is what they meant when they said "fail fast." FILED UNDER: Airbnb, Diversity, Guest Post Related News Fasten Raises $10M Series A to Up the Competition with Uber & Lyft Startup Power Couples: A 'Tech Prom' Brought Dave Balter & Sarah Hodges Together This Boston Startup’s Souped-up Dash Cam Solves GoPro’s Biggest Problem 5 Things to Put in Your Job Description to Hire Great Women From Our Partners Facebook Comments (0) + Login to Comment Tweets The Beat Newsletter Boston tech news delivered to your inbox. Get It Most Popular A Boston Startup Will Pay You to Move to Canada 7.7K Olivia Vanni DraftKings and FanDuel Have Agreed to Merge [Report] 6.2K Dylan Martin Here's What Student Debt Looks Like Across the Country [Map] 5.1K Olivia Vanni These Babson Students Are Starting the 'Airbnb for College Students' Cars' 4.5K Olivia Vanni Addictive Design: Why Your iPhone Is a Vending Machine 3.1K Giles Phillips and Bryant Wolf CLOSE SIGN UP FOR THE BOSTINNO BEAT DAILY NEWSLETTER SIGN UP OR mobile About BostInno Sitemap About Streetwise © 2016 Streetwise Media Work Here The Team Advertise Contact Us Terms Of Use Sites BostInno DC Inno Chicago Inno Austin Inno Categories Business Tech Education City News Sports Lifestyle Health & Fitness Series Series Directory Careers & Events Careers Directory Events Directory Sites BostInno DC Inno Chicago Inno Austin Inno Categories Business Tech Education City News Sports Lifestyle Health & Fitness Careers & Events Careers Directory Events Directory Series Series Directory About BostInno Sitemap About Streetwise Work Here The Team Advertise Contact Us Terms Of Use © 2016 Streetwise Media /assets/2cf6776f
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Titanfall 2 PC requirements point to a smooth experience by Eric Frederiksen  9:00 AM on September 23, 2016 Titanfall 2 is still just short of a month away, but details are starting to come out about what we can expect from our gaming rigs while running the game. Of course, it's still up to Respawn Entertainment to get the game out the door in working condition, but the developer has revealed what kinds of systems players will want to be running on to run the game at not only minimum and recommended specs, but also to pull 60 FPS at 4K resolution. Regardless of what hardware you're running, you'll need 45GB of storage available, DirectX 11, and Windows 7 or later. Here are the full specs: Minimum CPU: Intel Core i3-6300T or equivalent RAM: 8GB GPU: NVIDIA Geforce GTX 660 2GB or AMD Radeon HD 7850 2GB Recommended CPU: Intel Core i5-6600 or equivalent RAM: 16GB GPU: NVIDIA Geforce GTX 1060 6GB or AMD Radeon RX 480 8GB Ultra settings at 4K and 60 FPS CPU: Intel Core i7-6700K or equivalent RAM: 16GB GPU: NVIDIA Geforce GTX 1080 8GB The minimum spec for the game is actually relatively low, and most of us who consider ourselves PC gamers should be able to run it without a problem. Even the recommended specifications for the game are pretty reasonable. To get the full 4K experience, you'll need a top of the line system, though, with the best Intel and Nvidia have to offer. Producer Drew McCoy explains in the post that lower spec rigs might even be able to handle the game. The minimum spec is intended for users to run the game at 1600x900 with most of the details turned on and pull an average of 60 FPS, McCoy said. The recommended specs, meanwhile, assume you're running at 1920x1080 and have most of the graphical detail in the game cranked up as far as they'll go. The post goes into deeper detail, making note of all the PC video options we can expect to be tinkering with next month, as well as the tech powering the game. The team saw fit to include some benchmark graphs comparing performance at various resolutions, too. Titanfall 2 is set to be released on October 28. Tags: Graphics Gaming Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.

null
The best PS4 Black Friday deals Hand-picked bargains, updated every day. The best Xbox One Black Friday deals Cut-price consoles, games and more. Sign in Create an account Username Password Forgotten your details? Reviews News Recommended Games Videos Digital Foundry Release Dates Guides Forum Loading... hold tight! Eurogamer.net Follow @eurogamer Home Guides Destiny PlayStation 4 Xbox One Destiny Khvostov Quest - schematic location, 7G-OX weapon parts and manual pages for Rise of Iron's We Found a Rifle Quest How to start and complete Rise of Iron's Quest to get an Exotic version of Destiny's very first gun. By Matthew Reynolds Published 29/09/2016 Destiny: Rise of Iron has a neat callback to the very first weapon players wield in the game - the Khvostov - by making it the Exotic weapon Khvostov 7G-OX. The path to get there isn't signposted by the game, but once you're on the Khvostov Quest in Rise of Iron, it will only take you around an hour to 90 minutes to get it - though expect some exploration and a tough boss battle before you do so. Once you're done, maybe you'd want to take on another Exotic - the Gjallarhorn Quest, Thorn Quest or Outbreak Prime Quest perhaps? - which are required to complete an entry in Rise of Iron's Record Book. How to get the Khvostov Quest 'We Found a Rifle' in Destiny: Rise of Iron First, you need the Khvostov 7G-OX schematic to unlock the questline. There are two ways to do this: Dismantle the original Khvostov weapon Use a Splicer Intel Relay to board the Ketch ship in The Plaguelands If you managed to keep hold of that weapon from way back in 2014, then great - pull it out of your Vault, dismantle it and move on to the next step. Of course, most people got rid of it as soon as possible, and thankfully there's another way to get the Khvostov 7G-OX schematic. Here's the Khvostov 7G-OX up close. You need to head to the place you started Destiny, just outside the Cosmodrome walls. Fire up The Plaguelands patrol (complete the game's final story mission, The Iron Tomb, to access this) and head back in the direction of the Rocketlands (from where you spawn in, go right, through the doorway on the upper walkway). Once in the Rocketlands, go left to The Divide, then left round the corner into the sewers to access The Breach. You need to make sure you have a Splicer Intel Relay on you, because before you can go exit the wall, you'll have to open a doorway in The Breach. (Note that this won't work if you try and access the ship from story The Walls Come Down - we tried it.) Once you do, work your way through the pile up of cars to the Ketch ship in the distance, and kill everything on board, including a rather persistent Pilot Servitor. Once taken care of, a chest will appear in the far right corner, containing the Khvostov 7G-OX schematic. Whichever way you get it, take it to the Iron Temple to continue the next part of the quest. How to complete the 'We Found a Rifle' Quest, Khvostov weapon parts and manuals pages locations You now have to locate 10 manual pages and 3 weapon parts while in Patrol in The Plaguelands area. 10 Manual Pages for Khvostov 7G-OX - These are dropped by killing Fallen enemies within Patrol, so kill everything you come across and they'll drop from time to time. For some players this step was rather quick, with a steady stream of drops, but for us it took a while. We also had more success when not doing patrols, but you can do other things at the same time - we had two drop in a single Acheon's Forge session, for example. In short, you can get most of these pages while getting weapon parts, then just stay in Patrol until you're done. 3 Weapon Parts for Khvostov 7G-OX - These three weapon parts are found in specific places. Start The Plaguelands, and make your way back to the Rocketyards, which will act as your starting point. From here, you want to go to the Refinary, and essentially take the route the Devil's Lair Strike takes you on. Two of the three Weapon Parts are on this route: 1. One is located in the room after you face waves of enemies as your Ghost opens the door, on the right side in the corner. The first Weapon Part in the 'We Found a Rifle' Quest. Please ignore the photobombing dancer. 2. The next is in The Blast, the vast area where you face the Walker, outside in the centre of the map, against the purple pipe. The second Weapon Part is outside near where you fight the Walker in the Devil's Lair Strike. 3. For the third Weapon Part, go back to the Rocketyard, and head in the other direction so you go to The Divide. Instead of going left to The Breach, go right to Dock 13 (as if you are going to where you spawn into the Cosmodrome in the original Patrol). After the large room with enemies, the Weapon Part is under the stairs. Check under the stairs in Dock 13 for this third Weapon Part. Once you have 10 manual pages and 3 weapon parts, return to the Iron Temple to get a mission that'll finish off the Quest. Completing the Khvostov Quest 'We Found a Rifle' in Destiny: Rise of Iron This final A Khvostov Rising mission is home to a particularly tough boss encounter. Make sure you're a decent level (our article on how to reach Light level 400 can help) and come equipped with something that can take down a Void shield and do strong follow-up damage. If possible, team up with one or two other players too. Start the mission, use your Ghost on the scan point then head outside to meet Kaviss. As mentioned, he's pretty tough, so take his shield down with a Void Heavy or Super, then follow it up with more rapid damage. When his health is low enough, he'll retreat. Go to The Breach where you'll encounter a path of SIVA clouds through the tunnels, and be wary of the trip mines along the way. When you reach the wide, snow-filled area, head to the far end upper walkway to start another battle with the Captain. Kaviss is pretty tough, so make sure you have a powerful Void attack to knock out his shield. Again, same rules apply as before - use a Void Heavy or Super to quickly drop his shield then follow up with the opposite or some more to get in some damage. The problem here is the amount of surrounding enemies; the two things you mainly have to watch out for are the Servitors on the walkways (a few sniper shots will drop them) and the dropships that occasionally appear. Wait until the dropships disappear before coming out into the open (we had to 'approach' them to make them move one time, so consider that if they aren't budging) and try and clear as many regular enemies as you can. Then, when the coast is mostly clear, go in with a Super / Heavy combo to drop a chunk of the Captain's health, then retreat and repeat the process. It's a tough battle solo, and no doubt will be easier with a few of you, so consider grouping up if you can. Destiny: Rise of Iron guide, tips and tricks Get ahead in Year 3 of Bungie's online shooter. Want more Destiny: Rise of Iron guides, tips and tricks? Then read our Wrath of the Machine walkthrough and guides, complete list of all Dormant SIVA Cluster locations, Rise of Iron Artifacts, tips on how to reach Destiny's max Light level and how to complete the Exotic Gjallarhorn Quest, Khvostov 7G-OX Quest and Thorn Quest. Once Kaviss is downed, he'll immediately drop the Khvostov 7G-OX as an Engram, which you can equip straight away. We're not done with the mission just yet though; make your way onward to beyond the wall, where you started the game and the new Ketch ship is, and clear out all the Fallen along the way. Once you've taken out all the enemies on the ship, your Ghost will want to have a chat with you while admiring the view. Once you've done the cutscene, head back to the Tower, and chat to Shiro-4 to complete the Quest. Buy Destiny from Amazon [?] Games featured in this article Destiny PlayStation 4, Xbox One Follow 1,277 Destiny: Rise of Iron review Destiny: The Taken King review Destiny: House of Wolves review Destiny: The Dark Below review Destiny review Where is Xur? Location, items selling this week in Destiny - November 18 to November 20 Destiny Wrath of the Machine Challenge Mode - Strategy and rewards explained Destiny Iron Banner - When does it start, gear, rewards, reputation and what else is new in Rise of Iron Destiny Festival of the Lost 2016 - Masks and what else is new in this year's Halloween event Destiny Lost Broom Sparrow - Location of the secret Halloween Sparrow in the Tower Destiny Raisins fetch quest - Get the Superblack shader by trading Tiny Box of Raisins and Ascendant Raisins Destiny - Silver Dust, Ornaments and Radiant Treasure in Rise of Iron explained Destiny Wrath of the Machine Hard mode - Differences and what's new with each boss encounter Destiny - How to reach Light level 400, Rise of Iron's new level cap Destiny: Wrath of the Machine guide and walkthrough Destiny Archon's Forge: Loot, rewards, and how Rise of Iron's battle arena works Destiny: Rise of Iron Record Book - Rewards and how to complete A Life Exotic, Hard as Iron and other milestones Destiny Private Matches - Bounties, Grimoire, how to set up in Rise of Iron and everything we know Destiny - Crucible Dead Ghost locations for every map Destiny - Artifacts list, how to get Iron Lord's Legacy and how Attunement works in Rise of Iron Destiny - bell order for Rise of Iron's Sing the Iron Song hidden Achievement, Trophy Destiny - Dormant SIVA Cluster locations list in Rise of Iron Destiny Skeleton Key loot list - all Strike-specific gear rewards in Rise of Iron Destiny Gjallarhorn Quest - How to get Year 3 Gjallarhorn by completing Echoes of the Past in Rise of Iron Destiny Isenfyre Token - How to use it to open Felwinter Peak's doors in Rise of Iron Destiny Splicer Keys, Intel Relays, SIVA Offerings, SIVA Cache Key, SIVA Key Fragments - Rise of Iron's new materials explained Destiny Outbreak Prime quest - How to solve the monitor puzzle and start Rise of Iron's Challenging the Corruption quest Destiny: Rise of Iron guide, tips and tricks Destiny Thorn Quest - How to get the A Light in the Dark Quest for the Year 3 Exotic in Rise of Iron Destiny event schedule - Calendar of weekly and seasonal activities in 2016 Destiny Moments of Triumph Year 2 guide Destiny Calcified Fragment locations Destiny: King's Fall - Hard Mode guide Destiny: King's Fall - The Daughters of Oryx, Transept, Threshold Destiny: The Taken King - King's Fall raid guide Destiny: The Taken King - PVP, Crucible, maps, tactics Destiny: The Taken King guide The best Xbox One games Destiny: Crota's End guide Destiny - Vault of Glass walkthrough and guide Destiny: How to get to level 32 Destiny guide What's in the Destiny beta? Follow the games you're interested in and we'll send you an email the instant we publish new articles about them. Sometimes we include links to online retail stores. If you click on one and make a purchase we may receive a small commission. For more information, go here. About Matthew Reynolds Matthew is Eurogamers Guides Editor, responsible for walkthroughs, tips and other helpful things. When not doing that, he's probably out and about collecting StreetPasses. Follow him on Twitter at @crazyreyn. Subscribe to The Eurogamer.net Daily. The 10 most popular stories of the day, delivered at 5pm UK time. Never miss a thing. Comments Comments for this article are now closed, but please feel free to continue chatting on the forum! Order Oldest Newest Best Worst Score -25 -10 -1 0 +1 +10 +25 How to fix worn PS4 thumbsticks A simple upgrade - using Xbox One parts. Loading... hold tight! Mobile Desktop Staff Contact us Policy centre Cookies Corporate site Twitter Facebook RSS Gamer Network Eurogamer.be Eurogamer.cz Eurogamer.de Eurogamer.dk Eurogamer.es Eurogamer.it Eurogamer.net Eurogamer.nl Eurogamer.pl Eurogamer.pt Eurogamer.se Brasilgamer.com.br GamesIndustry.biz Rock, Paper, Shotgun VG247.com VG247.it VG247 Türkiye NintendoLife.com USgamer.net Metabomb: Hearthstone Guides Metabomb: Heroes of the Storm Guides Metabomb: Overwatch Guides Metabomb: WOW Legion Guides Gamer's Edition Jelly Deals Hosted by dx.net
Menu Home About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff Follow Home World U.S. Business Entertainment Technology Sports Science Health Education Home » Headlines » Business » Asia-Pacific Cloud Identity and Access Management (IAM) Market Size, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2014 – 2020 : Acute Market Reports Asia-Pacific Cloud Identity and Access Management (IAM) Market Size, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2014 – 2020 : Acute Market Reports By ganeshkumar   /   Friday, 23 Sep 2016 05:21AM   /   Comments Off on Asia-Pacific Cloud Identity and Access Management (IAM) Market Size, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2014 – 2020 : Acute Market Reports   /   131 views share Cloud Identity and access (IAM) management is a business security framework that manages digital identities which ensures secure access to end users across multiple applications. Cloud IAM is one of the evolving cloud services in cloud security market, exhibiting consistent growth in developed Asia Pacific countries over the years. The significantly increasing cloud adoption amongst enterprises both large and SMEs is the key driving factor. Additionally, the supplementing factors such as the increasing number of cyber-attacks, growing BYOD and other mobility trends, centralized access management and regulations for data protection & security are driving the growth of this market. Distrust on cloud IAM providers and inadequate awareness of cloud IAM, are some of the major factors limiting the growth of the cloud IAM market. Several cloud IAM vendors are aiming at developing more secure IAM solutions, customized according to specifications of end consumers at reduced prices, thereby creating numerous opportunities for the market. Browse Full Report with Toc :  http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/asia-pacific-cloud-identity-and-access-management-iam-market  The prominent companies operating in the Asia-Pacific cloud IAM market have adopted acquisition, agreements, partnerships and product launch as their major growth strategies to gain a significant foothold in the market and expand their product portfolio. In addition, increased focus of prominent cloud services providing companies on emerging economies is driving investments in cloud IAM in Asia-Pacific. The Asia-Pacific cloud IAM market is segmented based on deployment type, services, industry verticals and country. The cloud IAM services include user provisioning, access management, multi factor authentication, single sign-on, directory services, password management, and governance & compliance management. Asia-Pacific cloud IAM market is segmented based on different industry verticals, into BFSI, IT and telecommunication, healthcare, media & entertainment, retail, education and others. IT & telecom and BFSI witnessed the highest adoption of Asia-Pacific cloud IAM services over the forecast period (2015-2020). Based on deployment type, the market is further categorized into private cloud, public cloud and hybrid cloud. Among the three, private cloud dominated the overall Asia-Pacific cloud IAM market owing to enhanced security risks as compared to public cloud and hybrid cloud. The market has been analyzed on the basis of countries which include Japan, Australia, Singapore, South Korea, China and Rest of Asia-Pacific. Some of the key players operating in the market include IBM Corporation, Fujitsu, Microsoft Corporation, SailPoint Technologies, Inc., EMC Corporation, CA Technologies, Oracle Corporation, Hewlett-Packard Company, Dell, Inc. and Intel Corporation. For Same Category Reports Visit Here: http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/ict-market  POTENTIAL BENEFITS FOR STAKEHOLDERS: The study provides an in-depth analysis of the Asia-Pacific cloud IAM market with current and future trends to elucidate the imminent investment pockets in the market Current and future trends are outlined to determine the overall attractiveness and single out profitable trends to gain a stronger foothold in the market The report identifies key drivers, opportunities and restraints that shape the market and provide an impact analysis of these factors during the forecast period Quantitative analysis of the current market and estimations during the period of 2015 2020 have are provided to highlight the financial appetency of the market SWOT analysis of key market players highlight essential strengths and potential opportunities in the market CLOUD IDENTITY & ACCESS MANAGEMENT MARKET SEGMENTATION The market is segmented on the basis of deployment type, services, industry vertical and geography. MARKET BY SERVICES User Provisioning Access Management Multi Factor Authentication Single Sign-on Directory Services Password Management Governance & Compliance Management MARKET BY INDUSTRY VERTICALS BFSI IT & Telecommunication Healthcare Media & Entertainment Education Retail Others (Energy, Oil and Gas, Public Sector and Utilities) MARKET BY DEPLOYMENT TYPE Private Cloud Public Cloud Hybrid Cloud MARKET BY COUNTRY Japan Australia Singapore South Korea China Rest of Asia-Pacific (India, Malaysia and Indonesia) KEY PLAYERS IBM Corporation Fujitsu Microsoft Corporation SailPoint Technologies, Inc. EMC Corporation CA Technologies Intel Corporation Dell, Inc. Oracle Corporation Hewlett-Packard Company  Our Blogs: – http://www.qyresearchreports.net/ http://www.deepresearchreport.com/ For Technology News: http://www.mobilecomputingtoday.co.uk/ About – Acute Market Reports : Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements .We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Contact Us : Chris Paul ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Office No 101, 1st Floor , Aditi Mall, Baner, Pune, MH, 411045 India Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 India: +91 7755981103 Email : sales@acutemarketreports.com Website : http://www.acutemarketreports.com Share this: Share on Tumblr Headphones and Earphones market from 2016 to 2023 examined in new market research report < Previous World Internet of Things in healthcare Market Size, Growth Opportunities and Forecasts 2014 – 2020 : Acute Market Reports Next > Recommended stories you may like: France Eye Contour Brush Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports France Eye Liner Brush Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports France Facial Contour Brush Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports France Ultra Fine Eye Liner Brush Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports Connect with us Latest News France Eye Contour Brush Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on France Eye Contour Brush Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports France Eye Liner Brush Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on France Eye Liner Brush Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports France Facial Contour Brush Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on France Facial Contour Brush Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports France Ultra Fine Eye Liner Brush Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on France Ultra Fine Eye Liner Brush Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports French Fire-Proofing Coatings Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on French Fire-Proofing Coatings Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports French Fishpond Coating Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on French Fishpond Coating Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports French Glass Paint Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on French Glass Paint Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports French Printing and Dyeing Coating Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on French Printing and Dyeing Coating Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports French Special Coating Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on French Special Coating Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports Worldwide Cream Shadow Brush Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on Worldwide Cream Shadow Brush Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports Other Media Sites Mobile Computing Today PDF Devices © Copyright 2015 Run Direct Magazine. All Rights Reserved.
The Kyiv Post welcomes feedback about our new website and we stand ready to fix any problems users might encounter in our test phase. Contact us at: news@kyivpost.com or +38-044-591-3344. Thank you! Sign in Subscribe All News Exclusives Newspaper & Supplements Newspaper distribution map Calendar Shop Classifieds Subscribe Advertise Donate Contact us Home Ukraine Business Technology Op-Ed Lifestyle Photo More Home Ukraine Business Technology Op-Ed Lifestyle Photo Russia World Sports Business Wire Classifieds Journalism of Tolerance Hot topics:Reform Watch Oligarch Watch Russia's war against Ukraine Kyiv Post Classics 25th Year of Independence World in Ukraine Ukraine's IT edge EU - Ukraine relations Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 Share Tweet Pocket Add to Bookmarks You're reading: Ukraine Today: Ukraine intelligence says Russian high-ranking official killed in Donbas Ukraine Ukraine Today: Ukraine intelligence says Russian high-ranking official killed in Donbas Back to Home Share Tweet Pocket Print Mail Bookmark Ukraine Today: Ukraine intelligence says Russian high-ranking official killed in Donbas By Ukraine Today. Published Sept. 23 at 4:27 pm Photo by AFP Popular on social media Poroshenko’s son owns office in Vinnytsia, his wife earned almost Hr 2 million … 11 Experts say Ukraine should prepare for long war in Donbas 8 Bloomberg: Ukrainian protest prompts Central Bank to warn of instability 7 Ukrainian Military Intelligence reports about an investigation conducted by Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) on militant-held territory of Donbas. They investigate the murder of senior Russian officer in Luhansk on Sept. 21. He was reported to perform an unofficial “service-combat” job on the militant-held territory of eastern Ukraine as deputy commander of “2nd army corps” of Russian-backed forces in Donbas. He served in Luhansk under the command of Center of territorial troops of Southern military District of Russian Armed Forces. Intel doesn’t mention his actual rank and name, just that he served in militant forces as “Colonel Alexander Borisovich Orlov”. Read more here. Found a spelling error? Let us know – highlight it and press Ctrl + Enter. Tags: Donbas Russia war Share Tweet Pocket Add to Bookmarks Advertisement Get daily news updates Breaking news about Ukraine ok Please, fill in the Email field Most read — Aug. Sep. Oct. Nov. Ukrainian-born artist wins competition to design … Nov. 15, 2:33 pm Los Angeles Times: Clinton’s biggest celebrity … Nov. 09, 8:33 pm Ukrainian top officials’ wealth exposed in … Oct. 30, 3:54 pm UPDATE: Saakashvili resigns, accuses Poroshenko … Nov. 07, 12:58 pm Reports: Poroshenko and Putin had heated exchange … Oct. 25, 11:16 am UPDATE: Trump election leaves Kyiv nervous, … Nov. 09, 1:14 pm SBU verifies authenticity of most leaked documents Oct. 25, 6:24 pm Advertisement Advertisement Add comment Please Sign In to Comment: Login Email me when new comments appear here Replies to my commentsAll comments Sorry, you must be logged in to post a comment. Send Cancel More in this section Nov. 18, 6:33 pm Reuters: Minister’s arrest leaves Russian officials asking – who’s next? Nov. 18, 5:13 pm New York Times: The aging fighter who may be Russia’s favorite American Nov. 18, 5:03 pm Ukrinform: 54 Russians ask for asylum in Ukraine in 2016 Nov. 18, 4:59 pm BBC: Baltic warning over Russian move on NATO Nov. 18, 4:47 pm New York Times: Obama and EU leaders agree to keep sanctions on Russia Nov. 18, 3:56 pm RFE/RL: Depresso – Russia’s Medvedev deems ‘Americano’ politically incorrect Nov. 18, 3:36 pm UNIAN: SBU says Russia’s FSB fails to kidnap its renegade officer who fought for … Nov. 18, 12:16 pm U.S. intelligence chief sees no prospects for peace in Donbas Most important news and views in your inbox Subscribe Please, fill in the Email field Web links to Kyiv Post material are allowed provided that they contain a hyperlink to the stories and only a brief extract (not more than 10 percent) of the text. © 1995-2016 Public Media Ukraine Business Technology Op-Ed Lifestyle Photo Video Cartoons World Russia Sports Journalism of Tolerance Newspaper & supplements Business Wire Entertainment Guide Events Calendar The Tiger Conference Employment Fair Subscription Advertising Classifieds Shop Donations Contact us All materials, including photographs, contained on this site are protected by copyright law and may not be reproduced without the prior written permission of Public Media at news@kyivpost.com. All Interfax-Ukraine news agency stories cannot be reproduced or distributed in any form without written permission of Interfax-Ukraine. Ad links: How to place a link here? Close media panel Repeater ? Photo cut-in with a button ? Photo cut-in without button ? Full-width cut-in with buttons ? Blockquote with button ? Social link to Twitter ? Stories with manual related posts ? Stories with related posts in chosen category ? Attention Add a picture Choose file Submit Cancel Add a quote Submit Cancel Attention Are you sure you want to delete your comment? Yes No Attention Are you sure you want to delete all user's comments? Yes No Attention Are you sure you want to unapprove user's comment? Yes No Attention Are you sure you want to move to spam user's comment? Yes No Attention Are you sure you want to move to trash user's comment? Yes No Spelling error report The following text will be sent to our editors: Your comment (optional): powered by Mistape Send Cancel back to top Error! Please try again. Go Email * Already have an account? Sign In Reset password Email * Password * Don't have an account? Register Forgot your password? Sign In Nickname * Email * Already have an account? Sign In Register
Today: November 18, 2016, 6:50 pm ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Computer & Technology A brief Introduction to the Advantages of DVDFab Blu-ray Copy PR-Inside.com: 2016-09-23 13:42:49 When searching for a coping / burning application, internet will display multiple choices and advertisements, making it’s harder to decide. Surely each brand or company holds its outstanding qualities and characteristics; DVDFab still presents its strong points. DVDFab Blu-ray Copy is a best seller within DVDFab product’s family. It aims at solving the problem of copying and burning original Blu-ray movie discs to a blank Blu-ray / DVD disc to save the source from scratch or damage and view the burnt disc with excellent quality. DVDFab Blu-ray Copy is superior to other competitors in below three aspects: 1. Multiple Copy modes as a versatile tool to extract the contents from the source disc to your PC or to a blank media. So users are free to make different choices. With DVDFab Blu-ray Copy (Full Disc, Main Movie, Customize, Merge, Clone/Burn five modes available), a customer can output a copied movie folder or ISO on the hard drive with or without compression. Then be able to burn the copied file to a BD50/BD25 or DVD9/DVD5 disc. Also, a user is expected to directly copy from the source to the blank. To be noted, DVDFab Blu-ray Copy can not only take Blu-ray 2D discs but also Blu-ray 3D discs as source. So to 3D discs users, it is a relief. 2. Immediate response and support for new movies. Whenever there is a new movie, there is DVDFab trying to knock it down at once. DVDFab is keen on supporting a new movie as fast as possible. They pay great attention to new movies and gather feed-backs from users as well. So when a problem appears, they get to it right away and let users be capable of copying the disc at the very beginning. Besides, DVDFab Blu-ray Copy supports different versions or region codes of one movie. No matter where you are from, you can always reply on DVDFab Blu-ray Copy to successfully make a backup of your newly purchased Blu-ray disc. 3. Home-brew technology which facilitates the copying process and promotes user experience. In the past decade, DVDFab is devoted to advancing the compression technology by adopting new methods like Lightning-Recoding & Lightning-Shrink, which takes advantage of nVIDIA’s CUDA acceleration and Intel Quick Sync, making it’s quicker and time-saving for consumers to get a replica of their money-spent discs. All in all, DVDFab Blu-ray Copy is a fine product certified by thousands of users in the past several years and will be upgraded to a more professional copying tool. More info, visit www.dvdfab.cn/blu-ray-copy.htm About Fengtao Software Fengtao Software Inc., a professional multimedia software provider, has been dedicated to working on DVD cloner, DVD copy, Blu-ray copy, DVD ripper, DVD/Blu-ray conversion, video converter, DVD creator, Blu-ray creator, Blu-ray media player, etc. for more than 11 years with its well known DVDFab software. It has more than 50 million global users. More information at: www.dvdfab.cn. Contacts Fengtao Software Inc. Frank Chang, +86-10-84913343 marketing@dvdfab.cn www.dvdfab.cn www.facebook.com/dvdfabsoftware Press Information DVDFab Software Lucy Liu Marketing Specialist +861084913343 email www.dvdfab.cn Published by Lucy Liu +861084919812 e-mail www.dvdfab.cn/ # 510 Words Related Articles More From The Author DVDFab DVD Ripper -- The best DVD [..] Sony PS4 (abbreviated from Sony PlayStation 4), the fourth generation of Sony TV game console, has an APU processor five [..] Watch Blu-rays on a Smart Phone Analysts from IDC at an earlier time of this year predicted that the smart phone shipments of 2015 could reach [..] Sothink DVD Ripper-Watch Your DVDs Everywhere Have you ever wanted to watch your favorite DVD movies on your iPhone 6? I suppose lots of you do [..] How Much do You Know about Sothink [..] Although not everyone is not so technologically sensitive, but it is a blatant truth that the technology field has seen [..] MP4 to Blu-ray Converter -- What to [..] Being a mainstream container format, MP4 provides a way to store both videos and audios in one file, so that [..]   More From Computer & Technology Trillium and NXP join forces to boost [..] MUNICH, Nov 16 - (ACN Newswire) - Trillium Inc. today announced joint development efforts with NXP Semiconductors (NASDAQ: NXPI) [..] Digital Shadows Global ReportReveals New Media and [..] Digital Shadows, a provider of cyber situational awareness, released its Shooting the Messenger: Understanding the Threats to [..] Gigamon To Showcase Its Innovative Visibility Fabric [..] Dubai, UAE – November 14, 2016: Gigamon, the leader in traffic visibility solutions, announced its participation as Silver Sponsor [..] Eng Safwan Al Khatib receives Lifetime Achievement [..] Smart Link Contact Centers, a leading business process and contact centre outsourcing provider in Saudi Arabia, announced that [..] Suprema BioMini Combo now supports Android SEOUL, Nov 8, 2016 - (ACN Newswire) - Suprema, Inc., a leading global provider of biometrics and ID solutions, today [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Best Dividend ETF: 5 Contenders for the Top Income ETF These dividend ETFs pay high yields, have excellent historical returns, and carry low annual expense ratios. Jordan Wathen (TMFValueMagnet) Sep 23, 2016 at 6:05AM Image source: Getty Images. The best dividend ETF should pay a high yield from a diversified portfolio of dividend stocks while offering the potential for investors to earn additional returns from capital appreciation. To that end, here's a list of what I believe to be the five best dividend ETFs out of more than 100 dividend ETFs on the market today: Dividend ETF Ticker Annual Expense Ratio Dividend Yield (SEC Yield) Type Vanguard Dividend Appreciation ETF VIG 0.09% 2.1% Dividend Achievers Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF VYM 0.09% 3.1% Diversified mid- and large cap stocks Schwab US Dividend Equity ETF SCHD 0.07% 3.1% Quality large cap stocks SPDR S&P Dividend ETF SDY 0.35% 2.4% Dividend aristocrats WisdomTree SmallCap Dividend Fund DES 0.38% 3.1% Small cap Sources: Vanguard, Charles Schwab, State Street Global Advisors, WisdomTree. Before buying any of these, it's important to know how the funds work. Here's the case for each fund, and why each one deserves a spot in the list of the best dividend ETFs for an income portfolio. Vanguard's dividend Goliath The Vanguard Dividend Appreciation ETF lays claim to being the largest dividend ETF, with assets of more than $22.5 billion. It's not hard to see why this fund is so popular, given its tiny annual expense ratio of 0.09% of assets and a focus on high-quality dividend-paying companies. This isn't your average dividend ETF. The fund tracks the NASDAQ US Dividend Achievers Select Index, which invests in companies that have paid increasing dividends for at least 10 consecutive years, excluding REITs and master limited partnerships. The index uses proprietary and undisclosed screening mechanisms to sort out the top companies from a broader dividend index. Broadly diversified, the fund held 185 different mega and large-cap companies at the time of this writing, with its largest stakes in popular dividend stocks such as Johnson & Johnson, Microsoft, and PepsiCo. But keep in mind that this fund is focused primarily on capital appreciation over income. The fund's investments had an average yield of just 2.1% at the time of this writing, putting the ETF's yield roughly in line with the S&P 500. What makes this fund so attractive to investors is that it has roughly matched the return of the S&P 500 while investing in companies with rock-solid dividend policies. In addition, a focus on blue-chip stocks with the capacity to grow their dividends resulted in less pain during the Great Financial Crisis, when the fund lost much less of its value than the stock market on average. Vanguard's simple yield ETF What would happen if you took a list of high-yield large cap stocks, sorted it by dividend yield, and then invested in the highest-yielding half? Well, you'd get something that looks a lot like the Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF. The strategy isn't particularly fancy, but it works. The Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF tracks the FTSE High Dividend Yield Index, which invests in the highest-yielding of U.S. stocks in the FTSE All-World Index, excluding only REITs. The fund weights each stock by market cap, thus investing most heavily in dividend-paying large-cap companies. Despite its simplicity, returns have been excellent, beating the S&P 500 marginally over the most recent three- and five-year periods, largely because of outsize dividend yields. At the time of this writing, the fund offered a yield of about 3.1%, roughly 50% more than the S&P 500. Note that this is one of the most diversified ETFs on the list -- it holds more than 420 stocks -- yet it carries an annual expense ratio of just 0.09% a year. That's a very low price to pay to get broad diversification across dividend stocks in every sector. Schwab's fundamentally focused dividend ETF A late entrant into exchange-traded funds, Charles Schwab has rapidly attracted assets with its low-cost ETFs. The Schwab US Dividend Equity ETF is no exception, boasting a microscopic 0.07% annual expense ratio that makes it the least expensive of any fund on this list. The prominent feature of this fund is that its methodology is designed to select from the very best of dividend-paying stocks. The ETF tracks the Dow Jones U.S. Dividend 100 Index, which invests in large-cap stocks that have paid dividends annually for the past 10 years. Importantly, the index also considers fundamental metrics in stock selection, requiring that companies have high cash flow to debt, earn a high return on equity, offer a generous dividend yield, and have a history of dividend growth. Like other ETFs on this list, it excludes bond-like companies such as real estate investment trusts, which offer high yields but less opportunity for capital appreciation. This fund favors large-cap stocks, because of its market-cap weighting. The top three holdings are Intel, Procter & Gamble, and Microsoft, common companies in any high-quality portfolio. Its 3.1% yield stands out as one of the highest, but note that it isn't as diversified as other funds, as it holds only 100 different stocks. State Street's royal dividend ETF After a company increases its dividend for 25 consecutive years, it joins an elite group of stocks known as "dividend aristocrats." The SPDR S&P Dividend ETF invests in these companies by tracking the S&P High Yield Dividend Aristocrats Index, which includes companies that have consistently increased their dividends for 20 years in a row. Relaxing the requirement to 20 years of dividend increases from 25 years doesn't necessarily cost much in the way of portfolio quality, but it does allow for a little more diversification. (A stricter dividend aristocrats ETF sponsored by ProShares holds just 50 stocks.) Note that this ETF held 108 stocks at the time of this writing and was most heavily invested in traditional high-yield sectors including utilities, financial services, and industrials.  State Street's ETF is a little different in that it weights stocks in the portfolio by their indicative yield. Thus, a stock that has a dividend yield of 5% will make up a bigger part of the portfolio than a stock that yields just 3%, for example. The result is that the fund tends to invest more heavily in slower-growing companies that return more of their income to shareholders. At the time of this writing, its three largest holdings were HCP Inc., People's United Financial, and Caterpillar. (Its largest holding, HCP, is a REIT, which would be excluded from many other ETFs on this list.) Performance has been spectacular, as the ETF has put up annualized returns that were about 0.5 percentage points better than the S&P 500 over the last five- and 10-year periods. This is especially impressive when you consider that the ETF carries a much higher annual expense ratio (0.35%) than other dividend ETFs. With a current yield of about 2.4%, the fund has a slight advantage over the S&P 500's 2.1% yield. WisdomTree's fund for big yields from small stocks Most dividend ETFs focus on large companies and completely ignore high-yield small caps. WisdomTree's SmallCap Dividend Fund is a great way to round out a dividend portfolio so that it includes dividend payers of all sizes, not just megacap companies. This fund selects stocks by ranking all dividend-paying stocks by size and then throwing out the largest 300 stocks, as well as stocks with market caps of less than $100 million, which can be impractical for some funds to own. The largest companies that make up 75% of the remaining companies' total market cap are put into WisdomTree's large and mid-cap dividend ETFs. The smallest companies, which make up 25% of the value of the list, are put into the WisdomTree SmallCap Dividend Fund. WisdomTree weights stocks in the portfolio by the total dollar amount of dividends it expects a company to pay over the next year. The result is a diversified portfolio of about 700 different investments, many of which won't be familiar to investors who primarily stick to American large caps. Targa Resources (oil and gas services), Cal-Maine Foods (egg farmer and distributor), and Covanta Holding Corp. (waste disposal) were the three largest companies in its portfolio. Small caps typically generate higher returns, albeit with more volatility, than large-cap stocks. It's notable that the WisdomTree SmallCap Dividend Fund has beaten the returns of stock indexes large and small, trouncing both the S&P 500 (large caps) and Russell 2000 (small caps) over the most recent five- and 10-year periods. It also pays out a much higher dividend yield of about 3.1% vs. about 1.6% for the Russell 2000 and 2.1% for the S&P 500. If there is one big downside, it's that the ETF leans toward the costly side. An annual expense ratio of 0.38% is cheap compared with active funds, particularly active small-cap funds, but it is the highest of any ETF on this list. That said, if the fund's forward returns look anything like its historical returns, investors will find it easy to look past higher expenses.    Jordan Wathen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Johnson & Johnson and PepsiCo. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft. The Motley Fool recommends Intel, Procter & Gamble, and WisdomTree Investments. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jordan Wathen (TMFValueMagnet) Jordan is a value investor who believes incentives matter. Moats, floats, and compelling valuations.   Follow @jwthn   Send Jordan an email Article Info Sep 23, 2016 at 6:05AM Financials Stocks Vanguard Dividend Appreciation ETF NYSEMKT:VIG $84.26 down $0.10 (-0.12%) SPDR S and P Dividend NYSEMKT:SDY $84.05 down $0.17 (-0.20%) Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF NYSEMKT:VYM $73.37 down $0.12 (-0.16%) WisdomTree SmallCap Dividend Fund NYSEMKT:DES $78.72 up $0.20 (0.26%) Schwab US Dividend Equity ETF NYSEMKT:SCHD $42.47 down $0.10 (-0.23%) Read More 3 Top Vanguard Dividend ETFs Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Industry Verizon reportedly in advanced discussions to acquire video streaming startup Vessel By Shawn Knight on Sep 22, 2016, 12:00 PM TechSpot Verizon, the nation’s largest wireless provider, is in advanced talks with streaming video startup Vessel regarding an acquisition, people familiar with the matter tell Re/code. Vessel rolled out of beta in March 2015 and offered users a free one-year subscription. The video streaming service, which provides exclusive access to content from some of the web’s top personalities and influencers, is the brainchild of former Hulu CEO Jason Kilar and CTO Richard Tom. As Re/code notes, however, the service hasn’t found the level of success that it was initially hoping for since many of YouTube’s biggest stars elected to stay with the Google-owned video service rather than jump ship. Verizon has tried to enter the streaming video industry on multiple occasions, having purchased Intel’s streaming assets in 2014 and launching mobile video service Go90 last October. The latter service, marketed to youth, hasn’t really caught on according to people both inside and outside of the company. Verizon has also spent large sums of money to acquire Internet pioneers AOL in 2015 and Yahoo just a couple of months ago. One of the main reasons for those purchases was video. That said, Vessel has reportedly shifted its strategy and is now working on a new product described by one person as a Snapchat-like app with image filters and other trendy features. An acquisition would give Verizon yet another streaming video service to try and do something with plus a mobile communications app, a category that’s red hot at the moment. Related Reads Verizon is buying (and shutting down) subscription video service Vessel Vessel exits beta, offers a free year subscription if you sign up ASAP Verizon says FCC cannot regulate Netflix-like interconnection deals 1 comment 36 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Comcast, Netflix partnership to materialize next week Qualcomm is buying NXP Semiconductors for $47 billion Banks partner for free, real-time transfers with Zelle Popular 33 comments Make Chrome great again: Performance and memory tweaks Samsung SSD 960 Evo 500GB Review: The king of the TLC hill Load Comments 1 ... User Comments: 1 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 21 Teenager who died of cancer has her wish to be cryogenically frozen granted by court 25 US inventor's folding paper bike helmet wins James Dyson award 59 Facebook employees have reportedly created a task force to stop fake news stories 8 UK's Snooper's Charter approved by parliament, set to become law in next few weeks 7 Domino's delivers first pizzas using aerial drone Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
