null
null
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   HP, Lenovo Vie for Top Spot in a Consolidating Global PC Market       HP, Lenovo Vie for Top Spot in a Consolidating Global PC Market     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2016-10-13 Print               DAILY VIDEO: HP closes in on Lenovo in a consolidating global PC market; Intel launches its first branded drone; Google acquires FameBit to boost branded video content on YouTube; and there's more.   Latest Videos Sponsored Videos 'Smart' Light Bulbs Vulnerable to Cyber-Attacks, Researchers Show DAILY VIDEO: Researchers show even 'smart' light bulbs are threatened on IoT; Kaspersky alleges... Apple Store Selling Refurbished iPhones at a Discount DAILY VIDEO: Apple refurbished iPhones again being offered in the Apple Store; Google pulling the... Samsung Aims to Incorporate AI in Galaxy S8 Smartphones DAILY VIDEO: Samsung evaluating AI for use in Galaxy S8 smartphones; LG begins Android 7.0 Nougat OS... Apple Drops Prices of MacBook Pro Dongles After Complaints DAILY VIDEO: Apple drops MacBook Pro dongle prices after customer pushback; Samsung says some 85% of... Samsung Gear S3 Smartwatches to Go on Sale Nov. 18 DAILY VIDEO: Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch preorders began Nov. 6; Huawei launches Fit sports and... Red Hat Adds Security Features to RHEL 7.3 DAILY VIDEO: Red Hat rolls out RHEL 7.3 with better security; Office users gain a... Microsoft Launches Teams Collaboration Platform for Office 365 DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft launches Teams, a rival to the Slack collaboration platform; Microsoft rebukes... Samsung Investing $1B to Boost Chip Production in Texas Facility DAILY VIDEO: Samsung will invest $1 billion in its Texas chip facility; ARM unveils chip cores for... Microsoft Releases PowerApps and Flow for General Availability DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft to release PowerApps and Flow on Nov. 1; Microsoft woos MacBook owners with... PC Makers Continue to Innovate to Jump-Start Weak Sales DAILY VIDEO: PC makers continue to innovate despite a slowing market; Microsoft Office will support... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: HP Closes In on Lenovo in a Consolidating Global PC Market Intel Launches Its First Branded Drone Google Acquires FameBit to Boost Branded Video Content on YouTube Amazon Unveils Amazon Music Unlimited Streaming Service       Today's topics include the increasingly competitive global PC market and how it is driving top vendors, the launch of Intel's first branded drone, Google's acquisition of FameBit in an effort to enable better branded video content on YouTube and the unveiling of Amazon Music's unlimited streaming service. Lenovo and HP Inc. continue to vie for the top spot in a still-slowing global PC market that is consolidating around a handful of top vendors. Third-quarter numbers released this week by market research firms IDC and Gartner showed that HP is inching closer to market leader Lenovo, with less than a percentage point separating them in the number of systems shipped. "There are two fundamental issues that have impacted PC market results: the extension of the lifetime of the PC caused by the excess of consumer devices, and weak PC consumer demand in emerging markets," Mikako Kitagawa, principal analyst at Gartner, said in a statement. "According to our 2016 personal technology survey, the majority of consumers own, and use, at least three different types of devices in mature markets. Among these devices, the PC is not a high priority device for the majority of consumers, so they do not feel the need to upgrade their PCs as often as they used to. Some may never decide to upgrade to a PC again." Intel officials have cited drones as an important growth market for the chip maker, and the company has been aggressive in getting its technologies--including silicon and software--into devices from other companies. Now Intel is rolling out a drone of its own, with the company's name not only on components inside the unmanned aerial vehicle, but also on the outside. At the InterGeo 2016 show this week, Intel officials unveiled the Falcon 8+, the company's first branded drone. It builds off the work done on the Falcon 8, a commercial drone developed by Ascending Technologies. The octocopter is designed for industrial and commercial work, including inspection, surveying and mapping, and comes with a broad range of capabilities and a sophisticated control unit. Google has acquired marketing firm FameBit in a move the company says will make it easier for brands to work with YouTube creators in pitching products through sponsorships and paid promotions. The acquisition will increase the number of branded content opportunities that are available on YouTube in the form of product placements, sponsorships and promotions. And it will bring in more revenue for content creators on the video-sharing platform, Ariel Bardin, Google's vice president of product management, said in announcing the deal on Google's YouTube blog. Amazon is boosting its streaming music subscription offerings with a new Amazon Music Unlimited service that will provide customers with tens of millions of songs to choose from, an increase from the 2 million songs currently available for free to Amazon Prime customers. The paid service is priced at $7.99 a month or $79.99 a year for Prime members, or $9.99 a month for non-Prime customers, for one account for all of a user's devices. The company is also offering a $3.99 monthly subscription for Amazon Echo users to get music on one Echo, Echo Dot or Amazon Tap device. Echo subscribers who want to expand their service to their other devices can upgrade to a standard plan later at the rates for those plans.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Topic News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted For Bloggers PRNewswire Distribution Search GammaTech to Feature Newest Rugged Computers at US Army Aberdeen Proving Ground Fall Technology Expo Designed for Harsh, Demanding Applications, DURABOOK's Rugged Devices Are Ideal Solutions for Military Personnel DURABOOK_Computers_LLR   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * GammaTech * Rugged * Computers By Industry: * ComputersFREMONT, Calif. - Oct. 13, 2016 - PRLog -- GammaTech, a major international manufacturer and supplier of innovative notebook and tablet computers, will showcase its latest DURABOOK line of mobile rugged computer options for US Army - PEO C3T, IEWS, WIN-T (Tactical command and Control Community) at the US Army Aberdeen Proving Ground Fall Technology Expo International in Aberdeen, MD on October 19th. Meeting or exceeding most difficult Military Standards, DURABOOK computers are designed for demanding environments and can withstand the most hostile, toughest military applications. Whether in actual combat or preparing for it, these rugged devices offer power, performance and reliability to meet the needs of today's military personnel. Below are the DURABOOK products that suit the needs of military users the best and will be featured at the expo: R8300 Fully Rugged Notebook Designed to withstand extremely harsh environments, the R8300 notebook meets a host of rugged certifications such as Military Standard 810G, 461F, IP65, ANSI ISA Standard 12.12.01,  allowing it to be confidently used by army, navy and air force military forces.  This fully rugged powerhouse features a 13.3" TFT LCD display with sunlight readability and is equipped with Intel 6th generation Skylake processor and DDR4 system memory for unsurpassed performance. It comes with quick-release HDD-storage capability, 9 hours of battery life (with an optional hot-swappable second battery pack for up to 16 hours of operation with both packs), TPM2.0 advanced security protection, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity, GPS module, and more. The R8300 is covered by DURABOOK's Peace of Mind (POM) warranty for three years. R11 Fully Rugged Tablet The R11 rugged tablet gives military personnel the portability they need to get the job done, whether at the office, in-vehicle, or in the field. The R11 is the lightest and thinnest rugged tablet PC in its class at only 2.73 pounds including battery. Featuring an optional detachable keyboard, the R11 easily becomes a 2-in-1 that can work as a laptop and offer a high-performance, complete mobile computing solution. The R11comes with a powerful 5th generation Intel Broadwell Core™ processor and features an 11.6" TFT LCD capacitive touch display. The R11 functions for up to seven hours (optional extended battery pack provides up to 14 hours of operation), includes an M2-SATA SSD, microSD card slot, full HD camera, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, enhanced CAC Reader (Smart Card Reader), and standard security features. It is certified to stringent MIL-STD-810G, MIL-STD-461F, ANSI ISA Standard 12.12.01, and IP65 specifications, and is covered by DURABOOK's Peace of Mind (POM) warranty for three years. S15AB Rugged Notebook An Honorable Mention recipient in the 2015 CRN Test Center's "2015 Products of the Year (http://www.crn.com/slide-shows/components-peripherals/300...)" listing, the S15AB is the lightest and thinnest 15.6" rugged notebook on the market. The unit features a generous 15.6" LCD display with full high-definition resolution (1920x1080 resolution); Intel's 5th generation Broadwell U series CPU; up to 16GB of memory; and the popular built-in DURABOOK toughness. It comes with a capacitive touch pad with L/R buttons to support multi-finger tracking and gestures; an integrated web camera with microphone; a built-in SD card reader, and support for SDXC cards; and a Smart Card reader that allows the card to be fully inserted. With its variety of security systems, the DURABOOK S15AB is ideal for many military applications. SA14 Rugged Notebook The built-tough and rugged DURABOOK SA14 notebook has been updated to better serve the needs of military professions that require ultimate portability and versatility. Updates include a choice from four Intel 6th generation Skylake turbo processors; a graphics package featuring Intel HD Graphics 520; greater system memory; enhanced wireless/communications capability; added interface options; the inclusion of Microsoft Windows 10 operating system; a three-year warranty period, and more. The SA14 features 14.0" HD LCD Touchscreen, 2.5" 9.5mm SATA HDD storage with exclusive HDD quick-release feature, a 2.0MP webcam, and special stealth mode with optional night-vision mode setting. It meets the MIL-STD- 810G and IP53 standards for drop, vibration, dust and water resistance. Availability The DURABOOK R11, S15AB, S14A, and R8300 are available through authorized resellers nationwide and at www.GammaTechUSA.com. All DURABOOK computers may be customized for unique customer requirements. About GammaTech Computer Corporation GammaTech is a leader in the design, manufacture and sales of cost-effective, high-performance mobile computing solutions throughout North America. Its award-winning line of rugged and hardened notebook and tablet computers are designed and built-to-order to increase mobile productivity for business, government, healthcare, fire, public safety and a host of other entities. GammaTech offers a complete portfolio of products that delivers power and performance needed in the most demanding work environments, resulting in increased productivity and accelerated return on investment. GammaTech is headquartered in Fremont, California, which provides the final assembly, inventory, service and technical support. For more information, visit GammaTech at www.GammaTechUSA.com. -- 30 -- On Site Contact: Patrick Brennan Business Development Manager GammaTech Computer Corporation Cell: 510-760-1889 Patrickb@gammatechusa.com Media Contact: Rita Lee Copernio Tel. 714-891-3660 GammaTech@copernio.com All products/services and trademarks mentioned in this release are the properties of their respective companies. ©2016 GammaTech Computer Corporation. All rights reserved. Contact Rita Lee ***@copernio.com End Source : GammaTech Email : ***@copernio.com Listed Under- Tags : GammaTech, Rugged, Computers Industry : Computers Location : Fremont - California - United States A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Copernio PRs DURABOOK Rugged Computers for Oil and Gas Industry at PBIOS 2016 NOIT Research Announces “Gift of Change” Campaign to Aid Families with Autistic Members GammaTech Announces New DURABOOK Channel Program for Rugged Computers GammaTech To Feature Rugged Tablet and PC Devices at NAPO 2015 GammaTech To Feature Newest Healthcare Industry Optimized PCs At HIMSS15 Trending News Peerless-AV® to Showcase Innovative Workplace Communication Solutions at CorpComm Expo 2016 Long Island African American Chamber of Commerce, Inc. Announces Web Launch and Networking Soiree Topps Signs Derek Jeter to an Autographed Trading Card Deal for the First Time in Over a Decade FindingAssistedLiving.com expands into Central Florida and Cleve Loveland is now FAL Approved Vendor Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes Top Daily News Aftermath Services awards $5000 K9 Grant to Alamogordo Police Department - 595 views Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes - 319 views The Ken Blanchard Companies® Wins 2016 Top Workplaces Award - 246 views Power Design Earns Gold for Innovative Technology Partnership - 166 views HRO Today Announces Winners of 2016 Annual Awards EMEA - 158 views Top Weekly News President-elect Donald Trump Recognizes Homeschool Movement - 62207 views Detroit actor relishes role, respects his character in 'Wild Faith' - 3748 views Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 766 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 537 views Beyond Tablet Honored with CES 2017 Innovation Award - 536 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 311 views Fisher, Felton, Lloyd, Amell Top Celebrities At Wizard World New Orleans, January 6-8, 2017 - 218 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 200 views PM&E Inc. Is Pleased To Announce a Purchase Order for an EVADA A4 Ambulance - 174 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 152 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Get Feeds | Get Alerted | For Bloggers | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox PM Four Chip Picks as Earnings Improve Top picks include Broadcom, Microchip Technology, KLA-Tencor and Intel. Oct. 13, 2016 2:57 p.m. ET Credit Suisse In the calendar second quarter we argued “Not Down Is the New Up.” In the calendar third quarter, “Up Is the New Up.” Despite the calendar third- and fourth-quarter estimates that are above-seasonal, we expect semiconductors to report in line with upside bias, especially semiconductors levered to PCs/Apple (ticker: AAPL): 1) excluding-Apple semiconductor revenue estimates are about in line with seasonal; 2)... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. How to Improve Your Credit Score ...From the Man Who Knows Best Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Howard Marks on Trump, The Election and Markets Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 6 Amazon-Proof Retail Stocks to Buy Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Why Was JetBlue Left Out of Warren Buffett’s Airline Buying Spree? Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Apple iGlass is a Great Name, But It Won’t Help the Stock Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 4 Ways to Improve Your Credit Score 2 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Apple and More 3 Unloved Financial Stock Soaring on Trump Win Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
  HP Spectre x360 13-w023dx MSRP $1,299.99 As low as $1,299.99 at Best Buy Buy now   DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube HP Spectre x360 2-in-1 (2016) review The all-new HP Spectre x360 is a jack-of-all-trades, and also the king DT Recommended Product HP’s all-new Spectre x360 is a 2-in-1 without compromises. HP’s all-new Spectre x360 is a 2-in-1 without compromises. HP’s all-new Spectre x360 is a 2-in-1 without compromises. Highs Thin, light, attractive chassis Pleasing keyboard and touchpad Attractive display Excellent performance Battery can easily last all day Lows Can feel awkward in tablet mode 1080p resolution is only option DT Editors' Rating 8.0 DT Recommended Product Scores Explained Home > Product Reviews > Laptop Reviews > HP Spectre x360 2-in-1 (2016) review By Matt Smith Posted on 11.04.16 Research Center: HP Spectre x360 13-w023dx HP is no stranger to high-end laptops, but in recent years, its entries have been hit-or-miss. We weren’t big fans of the original HP Spectre x360, for example. It annoyed us with a mediocre keyboard and surprisingly hefty design that made 2-in-1 use cumbersome. But times – and companies – change. HP has made serious strides over the last year with new, cutting-edge products like the HP Spectre laptop, which was the world’s thinnest when it launched, and an updated Spectre x360 with an OLED display option. Now, HP has completely redesigned the x360. Though the Spectre x360 looks rather like its predecessor at a glance, it features the latest 7th-generation Intel Core processors. Pricing starts at $1,049 for a Core i5, 8GB of RAM and a 256GB solid state drive. Our review unit, with a Core i7 processor, 16GB of RAM, and a 512GB SSD, costs just $1,299. The most expensive version has all that and a 1TB SSD, for $1,499. Does the new design address our concerns, and work its way into our hearts? Thinner, lighter, better The engineers at HP were apparently fans of the old Spectre x360’s design because, despite the fact the Spectre x360 is entirely new, it looks very much like its predecessor. The similarities begin with the matte silver metal unibody, and extend to the cooling vent, the rounded rear edge, the dual chrome display hinges, and the shape of the power button. A blindfolded owner of the previous model might have a hard time telling the two apart. Size is the only trait that might give away the new Spectre x360. The update has slimmer display bezels and a thinner chassis that’s barely more than half an inch thick. Though it doesn’t feel as svelte as HP’s Spectre laptop, or Acer’s Spin 7 2-in-1, it’s no great burden. Weight comes in at 2.85 pounds, down a half-pound from the outgoing x360. That’s less than Apple’s new MacBook Pro 13, and about equal to Dell’s XPS 13. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Reducing the footprint makes the Spectre x360 easier to use as a tablet, but like most systems of its size, it’s not the best experience. The device is simply too heavy and too thick to hold aloft for long periods of time. Unfortunately, the design exacerbates the problem, as the lower half is tapered in a way that places large gaps along the sides of the 2-in-1 when it’s held as a tablet. Overall, the Spectre x360 is still more likely to be used with the keyboard as a stand, for desktop touchscreen use, or some easy in-flight entertainment. Related: HP Envy Spectre x360 review Thinning the chassis does help the x360 as a laptop, however. Dell’s XPS 13 set a new standard for how small a 13-inch laptop can be, and everyone else has been forced to catch up. The HP Spectre x360, for the most part, does – though its top bezel is much thicker than the Dell XPS 13, and the system’s overall footprint is larger. While that’s a downside, it does have a benefit. Unlike the XPS 13, which awkwardly locates its webcam below the display, the HP Spectre x360 puts it up top, where it should be. USB Type-C, but old-fashioned USB is here too The HP Spectre x360 has a modern array of ports. That means two USB 3.1 Type-C ports, which also support charging and Thunderbolt 3. Legacy peripherals aren’t out in the cold, however, because there’s one USB 3.1 Type-A port. There’s also a headphone jack. That’s it – sorry, no card reader. A good keyboard, a great touchpad The HP Spectre x360 is thin, but it’s not as absurdly thin as HP’s Spectre, Asus’ Zenbook 3, or Apple’s MacBook. You’ll notice it the first time you pick the laptop up, and you’ll notice it again when you begin typing. The x360’s Handbrake score is the best we’ve yet seen from a dual-core laptop. Key travel, size, and responsiveness all feel much as you’d expect from a quality Windows laptops of any size – and that’s good news. Touch typists can easily pick up this laptop and hammer away with no need for adjustment. A keyboard backlight is included, and while it doesn’t illuminate as evenly as we’d like, it does its job. Some recent ultra-thin systems, like Acer’s Swift and Spin 7, have ditched the backlight because it’s difficult to fit LEDs behind keys without compromising key travel. The touchpad is ultra-wide, measuring almost five inches across, and a bit more than two inches deep. That’s becoming a trend, as Acer’s Swift 7 also includes a wide touchpad, and the new MacBook Pro has one that takes up about a third of the entire space below the keyboard. We think it’s a wonderful addition. Extra space means lower sensitivity, as users can easily span the entire display in one swipe. And it helps provide room for multi-touch gestures, a feature that is robust in Windows 10. Seriously, give it a try. As with the Acer Swift 7, the Spectre x360 had no issue with unanticipated mouse input, a sign that the touchpad’s palm rejection is doing its job. Integrated physical click buttons are included, and the click action is good, with decent travel and a solid tactile thunk. But the large touchpad surface and lack of visible differentiation between left and right click makes it clear this laptop is meant to be used with tap-to-click enabled. Clicking the touchpad surface is clumsy, and gets old after a while. HP Spectre x360 13-w023dx Compared To Dell Inspiron 17 7000 2-in-1 (2016) Acer Switch Alpha 12 Dell Inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 (2016) Huawei Matebook Vaio Z Flip Dell Inspiron 11 (2015) Dell Inspiron 13 7000 Special… HP Envy Spectre 360x - 13-4003dx Asus Transformer Book T300 Chi Toshiba Satellite Click 2 Pro Lenovo Yoga 2 (13-inch) HP Spectre 13t x2 HP EliteBook Revolve Acer Aspire P3 Lenovo ThinkPad Edge Twist Don’t count 1080p out Our review unit came with a 1080p IPS touchscreen, the only display available on the Spectre x360 right now. That’s a bit of a disappointment. The previous model was available in a variety of configurations including a 3,200 x 1,800 IPS display IPS display, or even an OLED panel. We won’t knock the x360 too hard for stepping back to 1080p, however, as many competitors have done the same. Most content remains available at only 1080p, and increasing display resolution typically increases power draw, which can hurt battery life. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends And the panel on the Spectre x360 performs well. In our testing, it delivered a solid contrast ratio of 910:1. That’s on par with the Asus Zenbook 3, which hit 860:1. It’s also better than the Acer Switch Alpha 12, the Samsung Notebook 7 Spin, the Huawei Matebook, and the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga with IPS display. Color gamut came in where we’d expect, at 99 percent of sRGB, and 75 percent of AdobeRGB. That’s right in line with most competitors, though the Samsung Notebook 7 Spin underperforms there, reaching just 50 percent of AdobeRGB. Color accuracy proved a highlight, as we recorded an average error of only 1.44. An error of one is considered noticeable by the human eye, so this is a solid score. Acer’s Swift 7 did better with its error of 1.19 (lower is better in this test), but most comparable systems we’ve recently tested fall behind, scoring an error somewhere between two and three. We measured a maximum brightness of 355 lux. That’s average for the category, and in practice, it felt a bit too dim. The Spectre x360’s panel is extremely glossy, and in certain situations, the backlight can’t keep it from looking mirror-like. But this too is par for the course with 2-in-1 laptops, since non-gloss touchscreens are extremely rare. In day-to-day use, the display looked as good as the numbers suggest. High-quality 1080p content was crisp, clear, and realistic. Colors were not overblown, but remained vibrant enough to create a sense of depth that adds to immersion. The glossy display is a bummer if you’re watching a dark scene in a brightly lit room, but that’s our only serious complaint. This is about the best you can expect from a laptop without an OLED panel – which is still a rare, and expensive, option. Four speakers, with modest performance HP boasted about the Spectre x360’s speakers in its press briefing. The system now has four of them: two near the display, and two near the forward edge of the laptop. This creates even sound that doesn’t suffer much if the laptop is placed on a surface that absorbs sound, a problem that often plagues thin laptops with forward-facing speakers. Related: Better battery life, 4K love, and more of the perks to Intel’s next Core chips The audio is clear, and crisp, and reasonably loud at full volume, though it doesn’t blow away other laptops we’ve tested. Asus’ Zenbook 3 offers at least equivalent, if not superior, sound in a smaller package. The HP Spectre x360 does beat the Acer Swift 7, however, as well as 2-in-1s we’ve tested recently, such as the Acer Switch Alpha 12 and Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga. Processor performance Many HP Spectre x360 configurations are available. We received one of the most expensive variants, which has a Core i7-7500U processor backed by 16GB of RAM. It’s a powerful configuration, which immediately proved itself in our benchmarks. Unsurprisingly, the Spectre x360 goes toe-to-toe with the other 7th-gen Core i7 system we’ve tested, Asus’ Zenbook 3 – but the HP ultimately gets the better end of the deal. This is evident in Handbrake, where the Spectre x360 cranks through our 4K trailer encode test in 18 minutes, 15 seconds. That’s almost four minutes faster than the Asus Zenbook 3, and much quicker than the Acer Swift 7. In fact, the x360’s Handbrake score is the best we’ve yet seen from a dual-core laptop. That’s excellent, not only because of the x360’s great scores, but also because of its price. At $1,299, our review unit significantly undercuts most of its peers. The Asus Zenbook 3 is $1,599, and while you can build an XPS 13 with the same processor for this price, it’ll have half the RAM and half the hard drive space. Plus, neither of those systems are a 2-in-1. Hard drive performance HP didn’t skimp on the hard drive, either. Our review unit came with a 512GB solid state drive. Importantly, it was a PCI Express drive that connects over the Non-Volatile Storage Express specification, two requirements for maximum performance. Every Spectre x360 model includes these features, no matter its price, or the size of the drive. This had an obvious impact in our hard drive test, where the HP Spectre x360’s results were in line with the blazing fast HP Spectre laptop, and in league with the Asus Zenbook 3. The Acer Switch Alpha 12 and Samsung Notebook 7 Spin, meanwhile, provide examples of how a SATA-based solid state drive performs. Both are about half as quick as the x360. The Switch Alpha 12, for example, hits a transfer speed of 489 megabytes per second in the write test, while the Spectre x360 hits 1,202Mbps. Graphics performance Gaming and 2-in-1 rarely go together, and the Spectre x360 does nothing to change that. It relies on Intel HD Graphics 620, a mid-range integrated solution that we’ve tested many times before. With that said, performance can vary depending on a laptop’s design. So, how does the x360 stack up? The Spectre x360’s score of 794 was about the same as the HP Spectre 13, a bit behind the Acer Switch Alpha 12, and better than the Asus Zenbook 3. It’s quite far behind the Samsung Notebook 7 Spin, though, because that has a secret weapon – it’s the only 2-in-1 laptop we’ve ever tested with discrete graphics, in that case, Nvidia’s GeForce 940MX. Don’t take this to mean the x360 can game, though. Even at minimum settings, Civilization VI struggled to maintain an average of 30 frames per second at 1080p resolution. You’ll be able to run older or less demanding titles, like Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, but most new games won’t run well. All-day endurance The HP Spectre x360 is .54 inches thick, and weighs 2.85 pounds. The Acer Spin 7 is substantially slimmer at .43 inches thick, and it weighs about 2.6 pounds. But most alternatives are larger. Lenovo’s Yoga 910 is equally thick and weighs a hair over three pounds. The Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga is similar. Dell’s Inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 is .76 inches thick, and weighs in at a hefty 3.86 pounds. In other words, the x360 is small. It’s not a feather-weight like the Acer Spin 7, but it feels petite in-hand, and is easy to forget once you’ve placed it in a backpack or messenger bag. It’s hard to find a lighter machine without dropping down to a 12-inch display. The battery gets results, lasting over nine hours in real-world use. Every version of the new Spectre x360 comes with a 3-cell, 57.8 watt-hour battery. Lenovo’s Yoga 910 has it beat with its 79 watt-hour unit, but you’ll find little else that exceeds the x360, and Lenovo’s laptop is a bit larger, anyway. The battery gets results. We measured four hours and 54 minutes of run time in the Peacekeeper web browsing benchmark loop. That extended to an incredible nine hours and 18 minutes in our “real world” web browsing loop, which loads actual websites and pauses for idle time between each load. These figures are about in line with Dell’s XPS 13 with 7th-generation Core processor. That makes sense, as the Dell has a just slightly larger battery, and otherwise similar hardware. The x360 easily beat the Asus Zenbook 3, which lasted six hours and 51 minutes in our real-world browsing loop. Other 2-in-1s, like the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga with OLED display and Samsung Notebook 7 Spin, are hours behind. Related: After years of stumbling, 2-in-1 laptops will finally find their stride in 2016 These numbers are nowhere near HP’s sky-high battery life claim of 14 hours and 15 minutes. Companies have gone to town with their figures lately, basing them off extremely low-demand tests that stretch the most seconds out of every watt. Even so, the Spectre x360 is clearly among the best 2-in-1s for mobile use. It packs all-day battery life in a chassis that’s among the thinnest around. Keeping your cool Though it’s thin, the x360 isn’t pushing the limits of design like the Asus Zenbook 3 or Acer Swift 7. That reaps benefits in the laptop’s thermal performance. In normal use, it barely feels warmer than room temperature. Benchmarking heats the system up, but it never becomes uncomfortable. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends The fan doesn’t work that hard, either. Though not silent at idle, most users will need to make a point of trying to hear it, unless you find yourself in a sound-proof chamber. The fan is noticeable at full load, but its whirr is no louder than with other 13-inch systems that lack discrete graphics. 1-year warranty, as usual HP ships the Spectre x360 with its usual one-year limited hardware warranty, which exists to protect against defects. It’s always disappointing to see a $1,300 device come with only a single year of coverage, but that’s unfortunately standard in the PC industry. Our take Is there a better alternative? HP’s Spectre x360 will be different things to different people. Some will see it primarily as a 2-in-1, a device that spans the laptop and tablet markets. For them, the x360 has few worthy competitors. The Lenovo Yoga 910 is worth a look if you’d like something with a 4K display option, and the Acer Spin 7 is even lighter. We like HP’s balance of performance, weight, and affordability. Even when judged only as a laptop, the x360 is very good. It’s not quite as nice as the Dell XPS 13, but it’s close. And HP delivers more RAM and solid state storage at most price points. How long will it last? The DT Accessory Pack Logitech MX Anywhere 2 wireless mobile mouse $58 Snugg PU leather laptop shoulder bag $70 Tronsmart USB C power bank $27 With all-metal construction, and cutting-edge hardware, the Spectre x360 is as future-proof as any laptop can hope to be. It doesn’t lag behind the competition in any area, and while it includes two USB Type-C ports for forward-looking connectivity, it also has a standard USB Type-A port for your existing devices. Should you buy it? Yes. The HP Spectre x360 can come off as a bit drab compared to an Acer Spin 7, Asus Zenbook, or Dell XPS 13. Those competitors all do at least one thing better than the x360. But a jack-of-all-trades can make for a great PC, because most people need a PC to do many things, and the x360 does almost everything well. It’s fast, it’s light, it lasts all day on a charge, the keyboard is good, the touchpad is huge, and the high-quality touchscreen folds back for tablet use. There’s just one thing you can’t do – play modern games. But none of its competitors do that, either. The base MSRP of $1,049 is by no means affordable, and our test unit’s MSRP of $1,299 is a lot of money. Yet the prices are justified by the hardware. Buying this HP will net you more RAM and storage than you’d manage by spending the same elsewhere. There’s a lot to like about the Spectre x360. If you’re looking for a flagship 2-in-1 that makes no compromises, you’ve found it.
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Notebooks Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Smartphones Mobile Intel Google Snapdragon 821 Pixel Motherboards GPUs Asus Home> Notebooks HP Introduces HP ENVY 13 Laptops with Kaby Lake, USB-C, New Battery, $849 by Anton Shilov on October 13, 2016 1:30 PM EST Posted in Notebooks Intel HP Envy Kaby Lake USB-C 36 Comments | Add A Comment 36 Comments + Add A Comment HP has introduced its new ENVY 13 premium laptops based on Intel’s Core i-series Kaby Lake processors. The notebooks resemble their predecessors featuring Skylake CPUs, but naturally offer all the advantages that Intel’s latest chips have, including higher performance and better energy efficiency. Other notable enhancements over the predecessors are a new battery and a USB Type-C port. In addition, HP reduced the starting price of the ENVY 13 to $849, down from $899 in case of the previous-gen model. The HP ENVY 13 2016 uses exactly the same chassis as its predecessor released a few years ago. The PCs feature lifted hinge design to enable more comfortable typing (says HP, others may disagree) and are made of machined aluminum and magnesium. As for weight and dimensions, they are up to 12.95 mm thick and they weigh up to 1.49 kilograms (3.3 lb) depending on the actual configuration. Display panels of the ENVY also remained the same: HP offers a choice between a QHD+ (3200×1800) IPS panel (with or without touch support) and an FHD (1920×1080) IPS panel. Internally, the HP ENVY 13 also resembles its ancestor with 8 GB of DRAM (optionally upgradeable to 16 GB), 128 GB SATA AHCI or 256 GB/512 GB/1 TB PCIe NVMe SSDs. The new HP ENVY 13 is also equipped with a 802.11ac 2×2 Wi-Fi + BT 4.1 controller, a backlit keyboard, a webcam and so on. Among external ports, the ENVY 13 offers one USB 3.0 Type-C, two USB 3.0 Type-A, an HDMI output, a TRRS connector as well as a microSD card reader. The key improvement of HP’s ENVY 13 over previous-gen model is its processor: the manufacturer offers to install either the Intel Core i7-7500U or the Intel Core i5-7200U with Intel’s HD Graphics 620. The new CPUs feature higher frequencies, considerably improved video encoding/decoding engine, refined graphics as well as Speed Shift v2 technology, which should make the new ENVY 13 snappier and more responsive in general. It is also noteworthy that HP uses hyperbaric chamber cooling for its premium notebooks (ENVY 13, Spectre, etc.), so, everything should run more or less cool and quiet. Yet another improvement of this year’s ENVY 13 is the new 57.8 Wh battery, up from 45 Wh on the previous-gen models. The higher battery capacity along with improved energy efficiency of Intel’s new CPUs will naturally prolong battery life of the new ENVY 13 laptops: HP claims about up to 14 hours, but everything depends on actual configuration and usage model (a notebook with a QHD+ display will not last that long). Finally, HP decided to lower the price of the entry level ENVY 13 (Core i5-7200U, 8 GB of RAM, 128 GB SSD, an FHD panel, etc.) to $849, down from $899. The machines with higher performance and better displays will naturally retail at higher price points, when they hit the market in the coming weeks. Source: HP via Lilliputing. Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 36 Comments View All Comments Yuriman - Thursday, October 13, 2016 - link Looks like they nailed it, this is almost exactly what I want in a computer. Reply blacktaxi2d - Thursday, October 13, 2016 - link this looks great. in the market for a computer soon and its going to be a big tossup between all the kaby lake pcs and the new macbook pro (or maybe air) Reply medi03 - Sunday, October 16, 2016 - link I envy US pricing. Reply Notmyusualid - Monday, October 17, 2016 - link Don't we all? Reply jamesmur - Thursday, October 13, 2016 - link If HP can put Kaby Lake in a 13" laptop with a QHD+ screen, why can't Apple? I realize 15" is a little different, but come on. Reply repoman27 - Thursday, October 13, 2016 - link I'm confused as to what you're looking for here. Apple has had a 13" laptop with a 2560x1600 screen for 4 years now (granted that's almost 30% less pixels, but it is a preferable aspect ratio and comes standard even on the base model). Of course they won't be shipping a Kaby Lake version until the GT3 parts are available since Apple generally doesn't do GT2. However, Intel paper launched Skylake-U 2+3 in Q3'15, despite them not shipping until Q1'16, and as far as I can tell have only been available in the Vaio Z and Vaio Z Flip since then. Furthermore, Intel's roadmap from nearly a year ago showed Kaby Lake-U 4+4 as TBD, and 2+3 as week 6-18 2017, so I wouldn't exactly be holding my breath for a Kaby Lake MacBook Pro release this month. Although the Envy 13 is definitely thinner, it only weighs a hair less than the 13-inch MBP, which is crazy because the MBP packs a 74.9 Wh battery vs the Envy's 57.8. Reply repoman27 - Thursday, October 13, 2016 - link Sorry, that should have been H 4+4 and U 2+3. Reply Notmyusualid - Monday, October 17, 2016 - link Yeah, but sorry gonna say it - but its a Mac, which is filed into the 'who cares' as far as I'm concerned. I'd like to be compatible with the other 90% of the computing community. Nobody has ever handed me new software to interface with a new Network Element, and said, oh but sorry, this only runs on a Mac. But I've seen SO many Macs running Windows. Flame away... Reply MrSpadge - Thursday, October 13, 2016 - link I suspect this poor notebook envies the display of the XPS 13. Reply nikon133 - Thursday, October 20, 2016 - link I love XPS screens (especially bezels)... but I don't like soft touch material they use for palm rest. Whenever I see XPS in the shop, they look quite greasy and "mushy"... material seems to be very fingerprint-friendly. When I look at XPS in computer shop, it always look more worn than surrounding full-metal machines, because of that finish. It is all mater of taste, but personally, I don't like it much. The other thing that, in general, worry me about these soft-touch, rubbery finishes... I've seen a few of them getting all shiny and "polished" from everyday use, and occasionally start peeling off. I'm not talking about XPS but about this type of finish. Perhaps Dell has used really quality solution that will stand test of time (and abuse) better? Reply 1 2 3 4 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News OnePlus Launches The OnePlus 3T ECS Preps LIVA Z: Apollo Lake-Based Nettop with 4K and USB-C Support Toshiba Finalizes Plans for New 3D NAND Fab: Coming Online in 2019 AKiTiO Introduces Node: Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Box for $299 AMD @ SC16: Radeon Open Compute Platform (ROCm) 1.3 Released, Boltzmann Comes to Fruition ASUS ROG GT51 Desktop: Overclocked i7-6700K, GTX 1080 SLI, 64 GB DDR4, $4999 HTC Announces the HTC Bolt - A Sprint-Exclusive Smartphone for LTE Plus NVIDIA Announces Record Q3 FY 2017 Results Best Android Phones: Holiday 2016 Alienware 13 R3: Quad-Core CPU, GeForce GTX 1060, QHD OLED, VR Ready AOC Launches the AG352QCX: 35-Inch 200 Hz 2560×1080 Curved Display with Adaptive-Sync BenQ Announces the ZOWIE XL2540: 24-Inch 240 Hz Full-HD Display 'for e-Sports' TWEETS RyanSmithAT: @FouzanWasTaken @IanCutress Sorry, I don't have the 460 version. I have the 455 version, the same as the other press RyanSmithAT: Random PS4 observation: most games don't have manuals. Like at all. IanCutress: @wccftechdotcom source? RyanSmithAT: RT @anandtech: Commercial NAS Operating Systems - A Comprehensive Overview of Core Features https://t.co/alP0HFcLqZ IanCutress: @cavemanjim Give us a shout if you've got time for lunch while you're here IanCutress: @tom_forsyth Hits peak efficiency at the dvfs point then duty cycles. OS still sees non dc freq… https://t.co/QCO9Nvvwgc RyanSmithAT: @XxVcVxX We're not able to reply to everyone. But if your app meets our approval, you should hear from us by mid-December RyanSmithAT: @Dafuqizwrong Many of our editors are part time IanCutress: I can't submit an @EE broadband bug report with dashes or parentheses in description. Wow, that's bad XSS/DB security at the expense of UX. IanCutress: If you're paying someone you describe as an expert to star in an advert for your product, how is said person impartial? ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices ganeshts: @DanMatte Yup,including TB3 ports is a great value-add for any computing system, but we need other ports also for practical purposes ganeshts: No doubt that USB-C is the future, and adoption should be driven up. The Q is - are notebooks having ONLY those por… https://t.co/kgVGy6Tpip ganeshts: .@Krewell Thunderbolt 3's versatility should be complementary to existing ports, not full-blown replacement. Apple's usage not convincing ganeshts: @guspaz @troywolv That is the problem with ISPs that also deliver TV. IPTV / OTT cut into that revenue segment, caps are a counter Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation's Data Center Business: 3 Things Investors Need to Know This Fool provides the basics on Intel's most important growth business. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 13, 2016 at 2:00PM Image source: Intel.  There is little denying that microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) has been and will continue to be highly dependent on the declining personal computer market. There's little that the company can do at this point to stimulate customer demand for personal computers, but what it can do is try to leverage its core technologies and competencies to open up new revenue streams. The most successful of these efforts by a large margin has been the company's work to develop processors and related hardware and software components for data center applications. Intel's data center group, or DCG, is an important part of the company's business today and is only going to become more important going forward. In light of this, here are three key facts that current and potential Intel investors should know about this essential Intel business unit. It's a large part of revenue, and growing In 2015, Intel's data center group pulled in about $16 billion in revenue, good for around 29% of the company's total revenue in that year. For the current year, Intel's most recent guidance calls for DCG to deliver revenue growth in the low double digits.  Intel seems confident that it can keep growing DCG at over 10% for a while, whereas its goal with its client computing group, or CCG, seems to be to try to simply keep its revenue from declining (CCG is mainly tied to a declining personal computer market). Since DCG revenue is likely to dramatically outgrow CCG revenue for quite some time, it's only reasonable to expect this segment to continue to grow as a percentage of Intel's total revenue. It's ridiculously profitable In 2015, Intel's DCG reported operating profit of $7.8 billion on revenue of $16 billion, meaning that operating margin came in at 49%. These high margins are the result of a couple of factors. First, the products that DCG develops and sells leverage a lot of the technologies that Intel already builds to support its personal computer business -- a point that former Intel CFO Stacy Smith made back at the company's 2014 investor meeting. Intel's PC and server chips have a lot in common. Image source: Intel. In a nutshell, this means that because of the work that Intel does to build its high-volume personal computer products, its data center group needs to invest in building only the technologies and products specific to its business, rather than reinvent the wheel. That winds up saving Intel money and ultimately allows this segment to maximize the return on each incremental research and development dollar. Beyond that, though, Intel has an extremely strong competitive positioning in the server processor market. This has translated into both extremely high market-segment share (technology research company IDC estimates it at around 99.2% unit share) and robust pricing power. It wouldn't be surprising if Intel's DCG, today, delivered meaningfully better gross profit margins than CCG. It's worth noting that many companies have announced their intentions to go aggressively after Intel's share in this market; ARM, for example, believes that its partners will collectively capture 25% of the server market from Intel. Should these competitors field credible, competitive offerings (easier said than done), Intel risks some combination of margin compression and market-share loss. It's about more than just server processors Although the bulk of the company's DCG revenue today comes from the sale of server processors, Intel aims to significantly grow its sales of complementary components to its bread-and-butter server processor business. At the company's 2015 investor meeting, the general manager of DCG, Diane Bryant, talked about Intel's opportunities in silicon photonics, Omni-Path interconnect products, and nonvolatile memory modules using 3D XPoint memory technology, jointly developed by Intel and memory maker Micron. All told, Intel is calling for the CPU-related revenue in DCG to increase at a 12% compounded annual growth rate (CAGR), through 2019, while "non-CPU" will drive enough growth to allow the business as a whole to grow at a 15% CAGR in that time. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 13, 2016 at 2:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. Confident in Battle Against Intel Corporation This small data center connectivity specialist believes that despite aggressive pricing from a powerful competitor, its core InfiniBand business should continue to thrive. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 13, 2016 at 11:00AM Image source: Mellanox.  Data center connectivity specialist Mellanox (NASDAQ: MLNX) is well known for its data center connectivity products that implement the InfiniBand standard. InfiniBand, the company says, "provides superior bandwidth and latency relative to other existing interconnect technologies and has maintained this advantage with each successive generation of products." InfiniBand is extremely important to Mellanox's business, comprising a whopping 52% of its revenues during the second quarter of 2016.  In the past, Mellanox used to compete with a company called QLogic in developing Infiniband-based products. Mellanox was the market leader, while QLogic was a clear second. However, QLogic sold its InfiniBand assets to microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) back in 2012. Intel didn't continue the development of InfiniBand-based products, however. Instead, Intel used those assets to define a proprietary interconnect technology that it dubs Omni-Path. Omni-Path is now, at long last, shipping. On Mellanox's second-quarter earnings call, management provided some insight into how the introduction of Omni-Path into the marketplace is affecting its InfiniBand business. Let's take a closer look. Intel is apparently way behind on performance, pricing aggressively Mellanox CEO Eyal Waldman told investors on the aforementioned earnings call that the company was "able to conduct several application level tests comparing costs between Mellanox's EDR InfiniBand solutions and Intel's Omni-Path offering." Waldman says that Mellanox's solutions delivered 45% better performance and 27% lower cost on average relative to Intel's Omni-Path offering. The executive further added that the performance deficit of Intel's Omni-Path relative to Mellanox's InfiniBand products "has led Intel to aggressively price Omni-Path in an attempt to gain market share." The impact to Mellanox's business During the call, analyst Harlan Sur asked Waldman about the potential impact that Intel's aggressive Omni-Path pricing could be having on Mellanox's InfiniBand "design win momentum." Waldman was blunt, replying that the company is "seeing some impact." The executive pointed to the fact that Intel's Omni-Path technology now powers eight of the TOP500 list of supercomputers. Additionally, Waldman said Mellanox is "seeing some price pressure in some locations." Waldman asserted that Mellanox doesn't "expect to lose significant market share" but conceded that "Intel is seeing some success where people say good enough [performance] is good enough for them." As far as the impact on margins goes, Waldman explained that in situations where a "small reduction in price" will allow it to keep business out of Intel's hands, the company will go for it. However, Waldman did say that Mellanox won't "go overboard with [its] pricing tactics" -- something that he indicated will allow the company to keep its gross profit margins in the low-70% range. When all is said and done, Waldman seems confident that despite the challenge posed by Intel, the company expects its InfiniBand business to grow, particularly as the performance characteristics of Mellanox's InfiniBand technology "will remain a key differentiation for [its] customers." The investment takeaway What we have here with Mellanox versus Intel is an interesting battle. Mellanox appears to have a significant technical edge over Intel when it comes to performance relative to Intel's solution. However, in the near term, Intel has the advantage of being able to undercut Mellanox, as Omni-Path is just one part of the full server platform that Intel can offer potential customers -- CPUs, flash storage drives, software, FPGAs, and so on. Further, Intel has indicated that it plans to integrate key Omni-Path fabric components into its future processors, which could potentially make it even easier for Intel to "throw it in" at a much lower upfront cost than going with Mellanox's standalone solutions. Mellanox's bet is clearly that the performance and power advantages of its solutions should, for many customers, lead to an overall total cost of ownership advantage relative to the more aggressively priced Omni-Path solutions from Intel. Given that both InfiniBand and Omni-Path are technologies that fundamentally target applications that demand very high levels of performance, I suspect that -- barring a dramatic improvement in the performance and power competitiveness of Intel's Omni-Path solutions compared with Mellanox's InfiniBand -- Mellanox's InfiniBand business will stay in good shape. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 13, 2016 at 11:00AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 16, 2:37 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Tech Deals: Dell Inspiron, HP Spectre x360 And Lenovo Flex Discounts (Up To $200 Off), Freebies By Mike Luces On 10/13/16 AT 9:53 AM Close Buy your next laptop at a cheaper price than what’s available in retail stores. Here are the tech deals you should consider today. Dell - Inspiron 2-in-1 13.3” Touch-Screen Laptop with Intel Core i7 Processor, 12GB Memory and 512GB SSD Dell Inspiron 13-inch Core i7 Photo: Best Buy Regular Price: $999.99 Discount: Save $200 Sale Price: $799.99 Freebies: Webroot Secure Anywhere security software and Insignia screen cleaner Why you need to buy: You get to save big through this discounted deal. This 2-in-1 runs Windows 10 and features a 13.3-inch Full HD touch-screen display with 1920 x 1080 screen resolution. It houses Intel’s sixth-generation Core i7 mobile processor and has 8GB system memory for smooth multitasking. As a 2-in-1 machine, it is designed to be flipped and folded up to 360 degrees. Best of all, it allows accurate typing even in dim rooms because of its backlit keyboard. Buy here! HP - Spectre x360 2-in-1 15.6” 4K Ultra HD Touch-Screen Laptop with Intel Core i7 Processor, 16GB Memory and 256GB SSD HP Spectre x360 15-inch laptop Photo: Best Buy Regular Price: $1,349.99 Discount: Save $150 Sale Price: $1,199.99 Freebies: Webroot Secure Anywhere security software and Insignia screen cleaner Why you need to buy: HP’s convertible laptop in Natural Silver color is a laptop and tablet all-in-one. It comes with Intel’s sixth-generation Core i& processor, a 15.6-inch 4K Ultra HD touch-screen display with 3840 x 2160 screen resolution. It runs Windows 10 and has 16GB of system memory for video-editing and graphics-heavy apps and games. Its versatile design also enables users to flip and fold it for up to 360 degrees. The device is equipped with Bang & Olufsen quad speakers, backlit keyboard and built-in media reader. Buy here! Dell - Inspiron 2-in-1 15.6” Touch-Screen Laptop with Intel Core i5 Processor, 8GB Memory and 256GB SSD Dell Inspiron 15-inch with Core i5 Photo: Best Buy Related Stories HP Updates The Spectre x360, Envy 13 & 27-Inch Envy AIO Google To Release New Nexus Tablet, Pixel 3 Laptop Acer's New Gaming laptop Is A Curve-Screened Beast Regular Price: $799.99 Discount: Save $50 Sale Price: $749.99 Freebies: Webroot Secure Anywhere security software and Insignia screen cleaner Why you need to buy: This 2-in-1 product comes with a 15.6-inch touch-screen display with 1920 x 1080 resolution. Add to that its sixth-generation Intel Core i5 mobile processor and 8GB of system memory for multitasking, and you get a powerhouse for multiple programs, applications and other heavy-duty stuff. It has MaxxAudio technology that ensures high quality audio when it’s time to listen to music, watch movies or play games. It has a backlit keyboard for comfortable and accurate typing even in dark rooms. Buy here! Lenovo - Flex 4 14 2-in-1 14” Touch-Screen Laptop with Intel Pentium Processor, 4GB memory and 500GB Hard Drive Lenovo Flex 4 14-inch laptop Photo: Best Buy Regular Price: $399.99 Discount: Save $30 Sale Price: $369.99 Freebies: Kaspersky Internet Security Why you need to buy: This thin and lightweight foldable laptop features a vibrant 14-inch Full HD display with 1366 x 768 screen resolution. It runs Windows 10 and is powered by a dual-core Intel Pentium processor 4405U that goes hand in hand with the 4GB system memory for decent multitasking. It comes with built-in Harman/Kardon speakers that enriches sound quality. Lenovo claims this laptop can last up to seven hours of use on just a single charge. Buy here! Lenovo - Flex 3 1130 2-in-1 11.6” Touch-Screen Laptop with Intel Celeron Processor, 2GB Memory and 64GB SSD Lenovo Flex 3 11-inch laptop Photo: Best Buy Regular Price: $279.99 Discount: Save $30Buy here! Sale Price: $249.99 Freebies: Kaspersky Internet Security Why you need to buy: You may think that saving $30 is not that big of a deal, but the discount actually makes this deal all the more appealing. As a 2-in-1 device with an 11.6-inch display with 1366 x 768 HD resolution, Lenovo’s Flex 3 is a practical laptop for students. It delivers eight hours of battery life, comes with an entry-level dual-core Intel Celeron processor, 2GB of RAM for decent handling of basic programs and has a foldable design. Buy here!  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Report Likens Tax Havens To Disease That Must Be Quarantined The report on the Panama Papers was written by Nobel Prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz and Swiss anti-corruption expert Mark Pieth. Technology Tinder Introduces Transgender Options The dating app allowed users to choose only between male and female till now. World Can A Crowdfunded Telescope Photograph An Earth-Like Planet? Project Blue, launched by an international consortium of scientists, began a Kickstarter campaign Tuesday to raise funds for a telescope that may capture a “pale blue dot” image of an alien planet. National Clinton Email Server Still Top GOP Priority Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., suggested time would be better spent investigating president-elect Donald Trump's finances. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Win a Gigabyte GTX 1070 G1 Gaming Bundle [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Systems System Builders News 3 MSI announces Cubi 2 Mini-PCs with Intel Kaby Lake-U chips by Mark Tyson on 13 October 2016, 14:31 Tags: MSI, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac7v5 Add to My Vault: Taiwanese systems and components maker MSI has announced a refresh for its Cubi Mini-PC range. The new MSI Cubi 2 is built upon the same philosophy as its successor but brings several modern accoutrements such as Intel Kaby Lake-U processors, a USB3.1 Gen1 Type-C port, and 4K sensibilities. As you might expect, the MSI Cubi 2 Mini-PCs are ideal for many uses in homes and offices, or even for commercial projects. Like the Gigabyte Brix Kaby Lake update models we saw last week, MSI is offering a choice of 7th gen Intel Core i3 7100U / i5 7200U / i7 7500U processor in one of two compact form factors. The so-called 'SSD SKU' can fit 1x M.2 SSD and measures 115.2 x 112.2 x 32.6mm (390g), the slightly taller 'HDD SKU' can accommodate both an M.2 SSD and a 2.5-inch SATA HDD (or SSD) and measures 115.2 x 112.2 x 42.7mm (510g). Both MSI SKUs are a little smaller than the Gigabyte BRIX rivals, and it claims they are the smallest of their kind. Even opting for the 'SSD SKU' doesn't preclude the option to add a high capacity HDD at a later date, thanks to MSI's modular options of an HDD base expansion. MSI's design provides front access to a USB 3.1 Gen1 port, a USB Type-C port, headphone and microphone ports, a storage activity light, and the power/reset switch. The Cubi 2 facilitates 4K content consumption and, with its HDMI and DP ports, can support dual-monitor setups. You can mount the Cubi 2 on the back of a monitor or TV with its standard VESA mounting holes. Users should also benefit from a "quiet as a forest" system, as the Cubi 2 only emits 23.7dB of noise in operation, partly down to its two-ball Fan Heatsink design. The MSI Cubi 2 uses Intel's H110 chipset and users can install up to 32GB of DDR4 2133HMz RAM. The full list of I/O options is as follows: 3 x USB 3.1 Gen1, 1 x USB 3.1 Gen1 Type-C, 1 x mic in, 1 x headphone out, 1 x HDMI out, 1 x mini DP out, 1 x RJ45 (Realtek RTL8111H GigaLan 10/100/1000), 1 x DC jack. A 65W AC adaptor is supplied. MSI says that Windows 10 is the recommended OS for these barebones systems. MSI will be releasing the Cubi 2 in a choice of black and white chassis globally, very shortly. Related Reading 3 HP Z2 Mini Workstation revealed at Autodesk University event "Industry's first-ever mini workstation," measures just 21.5 x 21.5 x 5.8cm. 2 MSI Trident claimed to be "world's smallest VR Ready gaming PC" Features MSI's interesting and exclusive Silent Storm Cooling 2 thermal design. 12 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 Intel Core i7 6820HK based machine hits US, Europe, Australia, China, Japan, and Taiwan. MSI teases Trident, a compact and lightweight "true gaming PC" Dell teases Surface Studio AiO rival at Adobe MAX conference EVGA SC17 1070 Gaming Laptop Intel to release an unlocked Kaby Lake Core i3 desktop CPU QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? HEXUS Forums :: 3 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by DanceswithUnix - Thu 13 Oct 2016 16:01 The man in that marketing picture is looking at a monitor that isn't plugged into anything, with a PC mounted on it which is also not plugged into anything. He must be really easy to please! Posted by scaryjim - Thu 13 Oct 2016 16:16 Cables: functional, but ugly ;) Posted by Jeothesmar - Thu 13 Oct 2016 17:56 scaryjim Cables: functional, but ugly ;)Not if you got/made some custom short cables! MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 14 2 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst 11 3 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 4 Razer Blade Stealth 7 5 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 1 QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? 104 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 14 4 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 5 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 12 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 AfterShokz introduce the next generation wired bone conduction headphones 2 HP Unveils Industry’s First-ever Mini Workstation 3 Announcing the Swiftech Komodo GTX Titan X Waterblock 4 Lian Li Releases the PC-O10 Dual-Compartment Mid Tower: ATX Meets SFX 5 TYAN Displays HPC Platforms for Enterprises and Data Centers to Accelerate HPC Market Growth at SC16 6 AMD Releases the Most Versatile Open Source Platform for GPU Computing INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,180 Forum posts: 2,558,722 Forum threads: 246,623 Currently active users: 503 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.

null
null
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Cameras Cameras News Intel Unveils Falcon 8+ Drone for Industrial Jobs; Can Reach Speeds of Nearly 60kmph  Shekhar Thakran, 13 October 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights The drone is successor to AscTec Falcon 8 The drone can achieve speeds of up to 35 miles per hour Company previously acquired machine vision firm Movidius In a move that wouldn't come as a surprise to many, Intel has announced its first fully self-branded drone, the Falcon 8+, which has been designed for use in industrial sector. The drone has been developed by Ascending Technologies, which was acquired by the company in January this year. The Falcon 8+ has been designed for commercial uses like inspection, surveying, and mapping. The drone is essentially a successor to AscTec Falcon 8 and has been developed keeping North American markets in mind. The drone can achieve speeds up to 35 miles per hour (56.3 kilometres per hour) and has a take-off weight of 2.8kg. The drone features a new Intel Cockpit, which is waterproof for use in harsh outdoor environments. "The Intel Cockpit integrates independent control and safety features with low latency digital video link. This supports payloads with up to 1080p resolutions for the best possible live view," Intel says on its website.Intel has shown its interest in machine vision throughout this year as the company acquired the machine-vision firm Movidius in September. Movidius was already working with companies such as Google, DJI, FLIR, and Lenovo to provide its vision technology to various electronic devices such as drones, security cameras, AR/VR headsets etc. Previously, the company announced Project Euclid, at its Intel Developers Forum in August, based on company's RealSense perceptual computing platform. Meant to help power machine vision, Joule was termed as a powerful developer kit that's essentially a tiny computer for devices that use cameras for vision, like robots or drones. It will be interesting to see how the company performs with its latest product as the competition is relatively less in the commercial sector for unmanned aerial vehicles. Tags: Intel Drone, Cameras, Machine Vision, Ascending Technologies, Intel Falcon 8 Plus, Unmanned Aerial Vehicle OnePlus Store Launched in India; Currently Selling OnePlus Accessories Only Panic Button: Mobile Manufacturers Ask Government to Defer Mandatory Rollout to April 1 Intel Unveils Falcon 8+ Drone for Industrial Jobs; Can Reach Speeds of Nearly 60kmph     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest OnePlus 3T Gionee S9 Vivo V5 Huawei Mate 9 Pro HTC Bolt Hyve Pryme Panasonic P71 Zopo Color F2 Motorola Moto M Lyf F8 Asus ZenFone 3 Max (ZC553KL) General Mobile GM5 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G Porsche Design Huawei Mate 9 Meizu Pro 6s Samsung W2017 Huawei Mate 9 Popular iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones From Gadgets 360 Shop » Panasonic Eluga Turbo In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 13,999Rs. 7,999 Yu Yureka Plus In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 12,500Rs. 6,389 Moto G Turbo Edition In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 14,499Rs. 9,549 LYF WATER 11 4G VoLTE In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 11,699Rs. 7,299 OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe UPI Could Help With the Cash Crunch - So Why Is No One Using It? Akhil Arora FIFA 17 The Journey: Why, EA Sports, Why? Kunal Dua MacBook Pro 2016 Is the Touchscreen Mac You've Always Wanted Advertisement Recent Vivo Says Will Double India Manufacturing Capacity by Next Year Oxford University's First Free Open Online Course Kicks Off Next Year LeEco Secures $600 Million in Funding to Boost Electric Car Business Some Games Run Better on PS4 Than PS4 Pro, Claims Report Apple's New Design Book Has 450 Photos Chronicling 20 Years of Products Google's New AI-Based Mini-Game 'Quick Draw' Is Both Fun and Impressive Latest Transformation Helps Google Translate Become Better Than Ever Google Announces Artificial Intelligence Group for Google Cloud Microsoft Partners With Elon Musk-Backed Startup OpenAI GE Acquires Two Artificial Intelligence Startups More News TRENDING OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3: What's New and Different How to Get WhatsApp Video Calling Right Now Vivo V5 First Impressions OnePlus 3T With Snapdragon 821 SoC, 128GB Storage Launched Vivo V5 With 20-Megapixel Front Camera, Front Flash Launched in India How Much Data Does WhatsApp Video Calling Consume Compared to Other Apps? Google's New Mobile App Wants to Help Digitise Your Old Photos Microsoft Partners With Elon Musk-Backed Startup OpenAI What Is Paytm Wallet, and How to Use It? What are Micro ATMs, and Can They Help Solve the Cash Crunch? Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Good Gear Guide > News > HP upgrades the Envy 13 laptop with Kaby Lake, deb... HP upgrades the Envy 13 laptop with Kaby Lake, debuts the 4K Envy 27 display A few good improvements refresh the stylish product line. Ian Paul (PC World (US online)) on 12 October, 2016 15:01 0 - - - - print email HP's injected a little hot hardware into the stylish Envy 13 laptop and Envy 27 display announced Tuesday night. You'll find the latest CPU from Intel in the former, and in the latter, 4K resolution and support for AMD’s FreeSync technology. HP Envy 13-inch laptop Pricing on the new Envy will start at $850, and it’ll hit store shelves on October 26. Though many of its upgrades are incremental, the primary highlight is the dual-core 2.5GHz Intel Core i5-7200U 7th-generation Kaby Lake mobile processor, paired with Intel’s HD 620 integrated graphics, 8GB of RAM, and a 256GB PCIe NVMe M.2 SSD. For ports, the Envy 13 comes with one USB 3.1 Type-C port, two USB 3.1 Gen 1 ports (which basically means they’re standard USB 3.0), and HDMI. The laptop leans on 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.2 for wireless connectivity. The other highlight: HP says the new Envy 13 boasts a 14-hour battery life. A fast-charging features boosts said battery from depleted to 90 percent in about 90 minutes. The story behind the story: On paper, the upcoming HP Envy 13-ab016nr is evolutionary rather than evolutionary, packing hardware that’s roughly similar to the HP Envy 13-d040nr you can buy right now. The older Envy notebook also has the same amount of RAM, a 256GB m.2 SSD, and a 2.5GHz dual-core Core processor. The older laptop, however, has a 3200-by-1800 resolution display, and three USB 3.0 ports—lacking the USB 3.1 that the new Envy has, let alone the Kaby Lake CPU. HP Envy 27 Display HP’s new 4K Envy monitor could make an older PC suddenly "look" a lot better. HP’s Envy 27-inch IPS display features 3840x2160 resolution at 60Hz and scrumptious 178-degree viewing angles. It’s also FreeSync-compatible for stutter-free gaming performance when paired with AMD Radeon graphics cards. Connectivity-wise, the Envy 27 Display rocks two HDMI outlets—one is HDMI 2.0 and one HDMI 1.4—and the DisplayPort 1.2 connection that’s crucial for FreeSync support. On top of that, you’ll find a USB-C port with a power delivery capability of up to 60 watts. You know, in case you want to use your monitor to charge your phone. If you want the Envy 27, you’ll have to wait a bit. HP says it won’t go on sale until December 4. Prices of the new monitor will start at $499.99. Brand Post Top 10 Things to Love about Surface Pro 4 More from Microsoft's Surface Pro 4 Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags HP Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Ian Paul PC World (US online) Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 2 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 3 ​Panasonic DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review: Best all-round TV ever? 4 ​Parrot Mambo Drone review 5 ​Evapolar USB air conditioner review Latest News Articles Congratulations to our Rapoo Xiro Xplorer V drone competition winner! Apple brings back the peach-butt emoji in iOS 10.2 beta 3 Overwatch's new Sombra character and Arcade Mode go live for everyone today 3D printer owners rate the best 14 machines Intel's latest Xeon chips based on Skylake due next year Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review A 5 Minute Chat With Major Nelson 100 Best things at PAX Australia 2016 so far Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs CCSenior Business Analyst-Salesforce CRMNSW CCDigital Marketing StrategistVIC CCNetwork Solution Designer/Architect - Finance - Contract - SydneyNSW FTInformation Security Specialist - Finance - Permanent - Sydney CBDNSW CCSenior Business Analyst - IT Transformation ProjectsNSW CCAAA DeveloperNSW FTAutomated Test AnalystNSW FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Technical ArchitectSA CCContract Analyst Programmer (Java/Oracle/Unix) 161110/AP/vhaAsia CCProject ManagerNSW CCiOS Developer - 6 Month ContractNSW TPProject Manager - Enterprise ApplicationsNSW CCChange ManagerNSW FTGeneral Manager - Software Development & ITVIC CCSenior Citrix EngineerNSW FTBusiness Analyst - OTC DerivativesAsia TPProject CoordinatorNSW CCSenior Marketing Planning Manager - Small Business SegmentVIC FTProfessional Learning Facilitator - Information ManagementVIC FTTechnical LeadNSW TPAgile Coach. Business AgilityNSW FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Manufacturing ConsultantWA PTService Desk Operator(Part-Time)SA FTEnterprise ArchitectNSW CCSenior Developer - Java and AWSVIC Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Are networks prepared for the live virtual reality experience? computerworld.com.au Cybersecurity skills “chasm” widening as Trend Micro joins rush to stake its claim cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Sony builds on distie partnership with Alloys arnnet.com.au Ladbrokes Australia gets first GM of customer experience and innovation cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Username Password Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Login _ Welcome to TechSpot Why should I register? Sign up for a new account or log in here: Forgot your password? Couldn't sign you in, please try again. Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Electronics Intel announces Falcon 8+ drone with a top speed of 35 mph (and an awesome controller) By Shawn Knight on Oct 12, 2016, 6:45 PM TechSpot Intel continues its assault on the unmanned aerial drone industry this week with the introduction of the Falcon 8+ for North American markets. The Falcon 8+ (not to be confused with SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket) builds on the success of the AscTech Falcon 8 already in commission in the European market. The chipmaker, if you recall, purchased Ascending Technologies early this year for an undisclosed sum. Rather than going after the hot consumer market, Intel’s new drone is built specifically for commercial-grade applications. Josh Walden, a senior vice president and general manager of Intel’s New Technology Group, says the Falcon 8+ is setting a new standard for commercial-grade drones with full electronic system redundancy (think batteries, sensors, communications hardware and more). Operators will control the Falcon 8+ using the Intel Cockpit, a redesigned mobile ground station that’s sturdy enough to use even in harsh outdoor environments. As you can see by the photo above, this is a seriously detailed bit of kit that should allow operators to pilot the drone with a high degree of precision. With a top speed of around 35 miles per hour, it’ll also be able to outrun most consumer-facing, hobby drones. Intel hasn’t yet said how much the bundle will sell for although given its looks and that awesome controller, I imagine it won’t be cheap. Related Reads Guy turns his quadrocopter into the Millennium Falcon Intel teams up with Samsung to deliver cheaper 4K monitors Intel, Fossil team up to develop wearable technology 7 comments 367 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Intel puts on a dazzling light show using 500 drones (all flown by a single operator) Olympus OM-D E-M1 Mark II will be $2K, arrives in December Popular 57 comments CEO loses his job after posting that he will kill Donald Trump 24 comments The Best Smartphones: Google nails it Load Comments 7 ... User Comments: 7 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 20 Microsoft becomes the latest major player to exit the smartwatch industry 31 HP firmware snuck in September 12 failure date for non-HP cartridges 28 Denmark has a new tax on electric cars and Tesla isn't happy 18 Audi is adding a traffic light timer to select vehicles 28 Sweden becomes first nation to open electric highway that powers trucks using overhead lines Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Networking Cloud Storage Security DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter congatec presents first COM Express Type 7 modules with Intel(r) Xeon(r) D processors congatec Inc - Leave a Comment congatec's new Server-on-Modules première 10 Gigabit Ethernet performance congatec\'s new Server-on-Modules première 10 Gigabit Ethernet performance San Diego, CA. October 12, 2016 * * * congatec – a leading technology company for embedded computer modules, Single Board Computers (SBCs) and embedded design and manufacturing (EDM) services and editor of the upcoming COM Express 3.0 standard that includes the new COM Express Type 7 Pinout– is introducing new Server-on-Modules with Intel® Xeon® D processors (codename Broadwell) parallel to the preview release of the COM Express Type 7 specification. Based on the world-leading COM Express Basic standard form factor (95 x 125 mm), the modules feature 10 Gigabit Ethernet interfaces, 32 PCIe lanes and headless server performance currently with up to 16 server cores and 48 gigabytes of DDR4 ECC RAM. Examples of target applications for the new Server-on-Modules are industrial automation, storage and networking appliances as well as modular server designs and base stations for telecom carriers, service providers‘ server farms as well as cloud, edge and fog servers for IoT and Industry 4.0 applications. The application-ready, modular core of the long-term available congatec Server-on-Modules offers a standardized footprint, carrier board interfaces and a cooling concept, which significantly simplifies system designs – accelerating the launch of new, robust server technology. Plus, future performance upgrades can be carried out in a remarkably simple and cost-saving way, as only the Server-on-Module needs to be exchanged – even in case of a switch in the processor architecture. Without module technology, upgrading proprietary SBC designs and ATCA platforms used for carrier infrastructures is significantly more expensive. Christian Eder, Marketing Director at congatec and editor of the COM Express 3.0 specification that includes the new COM Express Type 7 Pinout, emphasizes the significance of the new COM Express Type 7 specification Server-on-Modules: “Up to now, it was not possible to execute 10 Gigabit Ethernet natively on the modules. However, this bandwidth is required to create easily scalable, module server topologies via virtualization. The Type 7 pinout fulfils these demands. It offers up to four 10 Gigabit Ethernet ports and an impressive number of 32 PCIe lanes which are commonly used on this type of server to connect fast SSDs or discrete GPUs. The COM Express footprint is tiny and allows more cores per rack. This extremely compact and robust server technology allows 10 GbE connections to be carried into the field, which is essential for hosting IoT applications.“ The feature set in detail The new conga-B7XD COM Express Type 7 Server-on-Modules come in a headless design and are available with ten different server processors: From the 16 Core Intel® Xeon® processor D1577 to the Intel® Pentium® processor D1519 for the industrial temperature range (-40 °C to +85 °C). In terms of memory, they offer up to 48 gigabytes of fast 2400DDR4 memory with or without error correction code (ECC) depending on customers’ requirements. An outstanding characteristic of the new congatec Server-on-Modules is the high level of network performance due to 2x 10 Gigabit Ethernet ports. It also supports the NC-SI Network Controller Sideband Interface for connecting a Baseboard Management Controller (BMC) allowing out-of-band remote manageability. Powerful system extensions including Flash memory can be connected via up to 24 PCI Express Gen 3.0 Lanes and 8x PCIe Gen 2.0 Lanes. 2x SATA 6G ports are available for conventional storage media. Further I/O interfaces, including 4x USB 3.0, 4x USB 2.0, LPC, SPI, I2C Bus and 2x UART, are featured. congatec offers operating system support for all popular Linux distributions and Microsoft Windows variants, including Microsoft Windows 10 IoT. An extensive range of accessories, such as standardized cooling solutions and the new COM Express Type 7 carrier board for evaluation, simplifies the design-in and will become available parallel to the launch of the new modules. Processor Cores Intel® Smart Cache [MB] Clock/ Burst [GHz] TDP [W] Temperature range Intel® Xeon™ D1577 16 24 1.3 / 2.1 45 0 to +60 °C Intel® Xeon™ D1548 8 12 2.0 / 2.6 45 0 to +60 °C Intel® Xeon™ D1527 4 6 2.2 / 2.7 35 0 to +60 °C Intel® Xeon™ D1559 12 18 1.5 / 2.1 45 -40 to +85 °C Intel® Xeon™ D1539 8 12 1.6 / 2.2 35 -40 to +85 °C Intel® Xeon™ D1529 4 6 1.3 20 -40 to +85 °C Intel® Pentium™ D1519 4 6 2.1 / 1.5 25 -40 to +85 °C Intel® Pentium™ D1508 2 3 2.2 / 2.6 25 0 to +60 °C Intel® Pentium™ D1509 2 3 1.5 19 0 to +60 °C For more information about congatec’s conga-B7XD COM Express Type 7 Server-on-Modules please visit: www.congatec.com/products/com-express-type7/con[...] For more information about the new COM Express Type 7 pinout, download the Whitepaper from congatec here: www.congatec.com/en/technologies/com-express/co[...] About congatec, Inc. congatec, Inc., with its headquarters in San Diego, California, is a leading supplier of industrial computer modules using the standard form factors Qseven, COM Express, XTX and ETX, as well as single board computers and EDM services. congatec’s products can be used in a variety of industries and applications, such as industrial automation, medical, entertainment, transportation, telecommunication, test & measurement and point-of-sale . Core knowledge and technical know-how includes unique extended BIOS features as well as comprehensive driver and board support packages. Following the design-in phase, customers are given support via extensive product lifecycle management. The company’s products are manufactured by specialist service providers in accordance with modern quality standards. congatec, Inc. is a subsidiary of the German based company congatec AG, which has additional entities in Taiwan, the Czech Republic, Japan, China, and Australia. * * * Intel and Intel Xeon, Pentium are registered trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. Topics covered in this article industrial automation industrial computer Virtualization manufacturing industrial Cloud Linux atca Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVI Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit an Article Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Fri, 11 Nov 2016 22:45:38 +0000
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Networking Cloud Storage Security DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter September 30, 2016 News ID Gumstix Launches IoT Boards for 96Boards and Intel Markets Supporting Open Source 96Boards IE Specification Path To Production for Pro Makers Gumstix, Inc - Leave a Comment REDWOOD CITY, CA. September 30, 2016 — Gumstix®, Inc., the leader in design-to-order embedded systems, announced its support for the new 96Boards™ IE Specification in the online Geppetto Design-to-Order system today at the LInaro Connect Las Vegas 2016. A mezzanine connector for the 96Boards™ CE specification is already in Geppetto D2O and an IoT Edition mezzanine connector is in development. With these additions, 96boards™ designers can rapidly customize, design and manufacture small form-factor mezzanine boards for the Nodana and Radium, and all 96Boards™compliant products, in Geppetto® D20 to jumpstart their 96Boards™ hardware designs. This expands Gumstix’s current support for 96Boards™ and Intel® Joule™module which includes the AeroCore2 for DragonBoard 410C along with six recently released Gumstix boards supporting the Intel® Joule™ module including a Gumstix AeroCore2, IoT Sensor Board and Workstation. The Radium 96BIE incorporates the low-power Intel® Curie™ microcontroller module which is well matched for the IoT Edition (IE) specification with integrated Bluetooth Low Energy, 6-axis IMU, and more. The IE spec, a joint effort announced Monday between 96Boards™, the Linaro™ IoT and Embedded (LITE) Group and its members is intended to foster the delivery of IoT devices using ARM Cortex-A and Cortex-R/M processors targeted at software developers, the maker community, higher education, and embedded OEMs. The Nodana 96BCE, the first x86-64 board for the Linaro™ Consumer Edition (CE) specification, powered by the new Intel® Joule™module opens a new 96Boards™ ecosystem for high-compute intensive applications such as robots, perceptions, digital signage, drones and Windows IoT. The Nodana 96BCE board provides both the high-speed and low-speed signals defined in the CE spec and includes USB 3.0, microSD storage and HDMI. Both boards will be available for purchase in October 2016. “We are very excited to support the fast-growing, open specification 96Boards community,” says Gordon Kruberg, Gumstix CEO, “We support innovation from IoT Makers and are focused on providing them the fastest, most versatile, path to production for their ideas. With Geppetto supporting expansion of 96Boards™ IE Specification, as well as both Intel and ARM architectures, we have made Geppetto the Gateway to Production for IoT Devices.” Geppetto® D20 is a free online tool where users can go straight from a design to an order in one session, getting their custom, production quality, board shipped in 15 business days. During the design process, users can compare alternatives for features and costs, create multiple projects, and share ideas. Complete custom BSPs and documentation are available. Gumstix engineers verify all Geppetto-manufactured devices before shipping. The initial total manufacturing cost is $1999 with reduced rates for quantity discounts and repeat board spins. Gumstix products and quantity discounts are available at the Gumstix online store. ### About Gumstix, Inc. As a global leader in design-to-order hardware and manufacturing solutions, Gumstix® gives its customers the power to solve their electronic design challenges with Geppetto® D2O -- the online design-to-order system-- and a broad portfolio of small computers and embedded boards. In addition to engineers and industrial designers, Gumstix® helps students, educators, and makers unlock their creative ideas to bring them to market. Since pioneering the concept of an extremely small computer-on-module (COM) with a full implementation of Linux in 2003, the company has grown to support over 20,000 diverse customers. Gumstix systems have launched some of the world’s coolest products - from phones to drones - on commercial, university, and hobbyist workbenches in over 45 countries. For more information, visit www.gumstix.com Source: Gumstix, Inc Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVI Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit an Article Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Wed, 16 Nov 2016 07:09:24 +0000
null
Trial opens for 15-year-old charged in killing of girl, 16 Business Intel ads to feature Michael Phelps and his 'Phelps face' Jim Parsons and Michael Phelps Courtesy of Intel Corp. Jim Parsons and Michael are shown on set shooting the latest ads with Intel. The collaboration with Phelps represents the latest evolution in Intel’s integrated marketing campaign with Jim Parsons that showcases better experiences found on new Intel-powered PCs. Jim Parsons and Michael are shown on set shooting the latest ads with Intel. The collaboration with Phelps represents the latest evolution in Intel’s integrated marketing campaign with Jim Parsons that showcases better experiences found on new Intel-powered PCs. (Courtesy of Intel Corp.) Jeff BarkerContact ReporterThe Baltimore Sun "Why the Phelps face?" the swimmer is asked in new ad for Intel. Intel tapped Olympic swimming champion Michael Phelps to star in ads for the computer processor maker, including one featuring the return of the scowling "Phelps face" popularized on the Internet during the Rio Games. Phelps and actor Jim Parsons of "The Big Bang Theory" collaborate on the spots promoting Intel-powered computers. The idea is that Phelps, the world's most decorated Olympian, is frustrated by his slow computer. "The spots titled 'Faster Processing' and 'Phelps Face' feature Jim Parsons and Phelps using an old, slow computer," Intel says on its website. "Phelps' frustration is visible as the computer just cannot keep up." "Phelps Face" refers to the Baltimore native's expression before a race with South African Chad le Clos. Phelps was captured scowling as le Clos paced and shadow-boxed. As he pitches Intel in that spot, Phelps is wearing a headset and hooded warmup just as he was before that race. "Why the Phelps face?" Parsons asks. Michael Phelps joins Ravens, runs out of M&T Bank Stadium tunnel Sean Welsh The Ravens haven’t exactly found the same electricity with their pregame introductions since No. 52 retired. So on Sunday, the team called No. 52 back. But it also had another local superstar jog out of the tunnel before the Ravens kicked off against their local rivals. To show Washington Redskins... The Ravens haven’t exactly found the same electricity with their pregame introductions since No. 52 retired. So on Sunday, the team called No. 52 back. But it also had another local superstar jog out of the tunnel before the Ravens kicked off against their local rivals. To show Washington Redskins... (Sean Welsh) In the other ad, Parsons asks Phelps why he still uses such a slow computer. "It keeps me humble," Phelps replies. The commercials will begin airing Oct. 17 during the Late Night Show with Stephen Colbert on CBS. After his success at the 2016 Summer Olympic games in Brazil, Phelps appears to have recovered whatever commerical luster he lost after he was arrested for and plead guilty to driving under the influence in 2014. Wheaties honored him with its first ever Lifetime Acheivement Award box after the Olympics. And now he's signed on with Intel. Obama lauds Michael Phelps' Olympic golds, then brings up his 'Phelps face' Jonas Shaffer It was Team USA day Thursday at the White House, which meant President Barack Obama talked a good deal about two Olympians who grew up swimming not far from Washington. It was Team USA day Thursday at the White House, which meant President Barack Obama talked a good deal about two Olympians who grew up swimming not far from Washington. (Jonas Shaffer) jebarker@baltsun.com twitter.com/sunjeffbarker Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Michael Phelps Wheaties honors Michael Phelps with Lifetime Achievement box Catching up with Michael Phelps Michael Phelps' closing act Chase Brexton CEO leaves position after summer of discord As Simpson Strong-Tie exits, Time Group looks to start Hampden rental project This is how much you need to make to afford a home in the Baltimore area. Breaking Sports Maryland Business Opinion Obits eNewspaper Advertising 40°
null
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing How much additional performance does Intel’s Kaby Lake refresh deliver? How much additional performance does Intel’s Kaby Lake refresh deliver? By Joel Hruska on October 6, 2016 at 10:15 am Comment Earlier this year, Intel announced it would no longer operate according to the tick-tock model that drove its product introductions for almost a decade. Instead, it would deliver on a P-A-O cadence. New process nodes would debut first, followed by a new architecture, followed by a further optimization of the process node. Kaby Lake is the first product Intel has formally delivered on this cadence, and there have been questions about how the company’s latest spin on 14nm would compare to its previous efforts. PC World has done a deep-dive on this topic with three Dell XPS laptops that are nearly identical, save for their choice of CPU. This type of comparison is as close to a best-case scenario as you can get when comparing mobile hardware — manufacturers often make decisions about thermal solutions and throttle points that can result in wide variation between systems with identical specifications. This is even more true today as companies cut thickness and integrate features into smaller packages, and it makes these types of comparisons more difficult than their desktop counterparts. We recommend reading the full PC World review if you want specifics on various workloads and comparison areas. But the broad conclusion is that Kaby Lake delivers a noticeable performance improvement to both CPU and graphics workloads. The Core i5-7200U (2.5GHz base, 3.1GHz Turbo) is roughly 10% faster than the Core i5-6200U (2.3GHz base, 2.8GHz Turbo). Battery life has improved by roughly 14% in hardware-accelerated video workloads — unless you test using the 10-bit HEVC 4K workloads that Skylake couldn’t fully decode in hardware. In that case, battery life is 3.5x better. Image and testing by PC World Kaby Lake offers roughly the same amount of relative improvement over Skylake that AMD’s Carrizo offers compared with its earlier Kaveri. Both CPU manufacturers delivered an update that dramatically improves power consumption and battery life in specific scenarios, with a general level of improvement in the 7-15% range depending on the specific application. The difference, apart from AMD’s lower level of performance, is that many of AMD’s initial Carrizo systems were handicapped by poor OEM designs and single-channel memory. AMD’s Carrizo refresh, codenamed Bristol Ridge, is supposed to be better than its predecessor in this regard, but HP and Lenovo only began shipping Bristol Ridge a month ago and detailed benchmarks aren’t available yet. AMD has previously claimed Bristol Ridge will offer a 10-15% performance improvement over Carrizo as well. With Intel serving up the same level of improvement in Kaby Lake, it won’t really change competitive positioning between the two companies. AMD’s APU business is currently stuck in an awkward spot. Zen’s launch next year is expected to be a major event, and Zen CPUs should offer significantly better performance and power efficiency compared with Intel’s current lineup. Exactly how much better is still unknown, but AMD doesn’t need to beat Intel across its entire product family and at every price point to compete much more effectively. Zen APUs aren’t expected until later in 2017, which means AMD will have to flog its Carrizo-derived hardware for 9-12 more months before new products are finally available. As for Kaby Lake, its ~10% increased performance and improved battery life probably aren’t a reason to upgrade from Skylake. But if you have older mobile hardware based on Sandy or Ivy Bridge, you might see real improvements on all fronts. Now read: How L1 and L2 CPU caches work, and why they’re an essential part of modern chips Tagged In intel amd mobile laptops Broadwell Skylake Carrizo Kaby Lake battery life Bristol Ridge Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles ET deals roundup: Save on 4K UHDTVs, laptops, and Swiss Gear before Black Friday Nov 15 Apple’s new $300 coffee table book contains 450 product photos, little else Nov 15 Can artificial intelligence solve America’s crisis of democracy? Nov 15 IBM, Nvidia release new PowerAI software suite for deep learning projects Nov 15 Electric cars and hybrids will soon have to announce their presence Nov 15 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement AdChoices Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Follow us on Search for: GET Studio e-letters Subscribe Now » Free File Transfer Webinar Wed. Nov. 16 Register Now Skip to content Sections Technology Creativity Business Video Shows IBC 2016 SIGGRAPH 2016 NAB 2016 Sponsored Content Awards StudioDaily 50 Top Creatives and Technologists 2016 2017 Prime Awards Store Webinars Jobs Contact Us Editorial Advertising Features by Craft Skip to content Shooting Editing Audio VFX/Animation Post/Finishing Home / New product / Shooting / Technology Intel Puts Its Brand on the Upcoming Falcon 8+ UAV By Bryant Frazer   /   Oct 12, 2016 At the 2016 InterGeo conference in Hamburg, Intel has announced the first Intel-branded commercial drone, the Falcon 8+ V-form octocopter. The Falcon 8+ is an integrated system including the UAV, the Intel Cockpit controller, and the Intel Powerpack battery system.  Intel said the drone's autopilot is driven by three redundant sensors designed to compensate for electromagnetic fields, strong winds, and other factors.In fact, the whole system has failsafes in place, with redundancy across the electronic system, battery power, communications, and all sensors. The Falcon 8+ replaces the previous AscTec Falcon 8, which was originally developed by Ascending Technologies, a German company purchased by Intel earlier this year. The Falcon 8+ is set to be available for pre-order in North America starting in November, but pricing has not been announced. Intel (Drones): www.intel.com No Comments Categories: New product, Shooting, Technology Tags: drones, falcon 8+, intel     Latest News Light & Motion Ships Latest Stella Cinema Single-Point LED Light and Custom Kits HP Announces HP Z2 Mini Workstation DJI Announces Matrice 600 Pro, Inspire 2, Phantom 4 Pro StudioDailies: Tuesday, November 15, 2016 How ATSC 3 Changes Broadcasting for the Better (It’s Not Just 4K) More news headlines » Most-Read Stories DJI, GoPro Customers Endure Drone Delays » Sony Unveils FS7 II Camcorder » Panasonic Brings a Lumix GH5 Prototype to Photokina » Chinese Firm to Acquire Framestore in $187 Million Deal » Cinerama Dome Books Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk at 120fps » Studio Job Listings Assistant/Associate Professor - Communication Design - University of... Adjunct Instructor - eMedia Technology @ UC Blue Ash - University of... Adjunct Instructor - Media Criticism & Journalism @ UC Blue Ash -... Assistant Professor: Art, Technology, and Culture - University of... Digital Graphic Design - T/TT Assistant or Associate Professor -... more jobs » post jobs » GET Studio e-letters Sign up for StudioDaily eletters to keep you in the know & updated on the industry every day. Subscribe Now » Advertising & Sponsorship Opportunities Learn about StudioDaily website advertising, e-letters, webinar sponsorships, and more Get More Info » About Us Advertising Sitemap Privacy Policy © 2016 Access Intelligence, LLC – All Rights Reserved. Search for: Follow us on
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path BestPS4Games SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic TwitterAbuse GooglePhotoScan Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Consumer Electronics/ Robotics/ Drones/ Intel's First Branded Commercial Drone Is Ready to Fly Intel's First Branded Commercial Drone Is Ready to Fly By Stephanie Mlot October 12, 2016 01:09pm EST 10 Comments The Falcon 8+ is intended for industrial inspection, surveying, and mapping. Intel this week unveiled its first branded drone intended for industrial inspection, surveying, and mapping. The Falcon 8+ builds on the AscTec Falcon 8 system from Intel subsidiary Ascending Technologies. The ready-to-fly drone captures detailed images (accurate down to the millimeter) to detect and prevent damage to infrastructure. "Intel is setting a new standard for commercial-grade drones," said Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's New Technology Group. The Falcon 8+'s V-form octocopter provides full electronic system redundancy, including batteries, communication, and sensing. And, like its predecessor, the drone features high-precision GPS, exchangeable integrated payloads, and market-leading capabilities. "Operators will have tremendous opportunities to generate valuable aerial precision data," Walden said. //Related Articles GE's Raven Drone Can Detect Gas Leaks The company also tipped the "sophisticated" Intel Cockpit, a redesigned mobile ground station (with integrated water-resistant tablet) that allows operators to plan and execute complex missions. Plus, there's a new joystick for single-hand flight control. The Intel Powerpack, meanwhile, powers the Falcon 8+ drone and the Cockpit; the smart batteries feature automatic balancing, storage mode, charging, and LEDs that display remaining juice. In August, Intel announced Project Aero, a platform on which developers can build any kind of drone they can conceive. The playing card-sized device offers the storage, communications, and I/O capabilities needed for any drone. Back to top Previous : GE's Raven Drone Can Detect Gas Leaks Airblock Drone Can Turn Into a Hovercraft Next : By Stephanie Mlot Stephanie began as a PCMag reporter in May 2012. She moved to New York City from Frederick, Md., where she worked for four years as a multimedia reporter at the second-largest daily newspaper in Maryland. She interned at Baltimore magazine and graduated from Indiana University of Pennsylvania (in the town of Indiana, in the state of Pennsylvania) with a degree in journalism and mass communications. More » More Stories by Stephanie Buy Nike's $720 'Self-Lacing' Sneakers in December Back to the Future buffs with deep pockets can get their hands on the HyperAdapt 1.0 next month. More » Super Mario Run Arrives Dec. 15 A one-time payment of $9.99 gains unlimited access to Nintendo's iOS-only mobile game. More » Twitter Extends 'Mute' Option to Notifications Folks can block keywords, phrases, and entire conversations from reaching their notification tab. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Related Reviews DJI Phantom 4 DJI Inspire 1 DJI Phantom 3 Professional DJI Phantom 3 Standard The Best Drones of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Mobile App Reviews Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Personal Security Sports & Outdoors Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Coolest Gadgets Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DISH DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Batman Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Reviews ▸ Electronic Reviews ▸ Computers ▸ Laptop Computers ▸ Ultrabook Reviews ▸ Best 2-in-1 Ultrabook Ultrabooks Best 2-in-1 Ultrabook Chris Stobing October 12, 2016 Shares Looking for a tablet and computer? Look no further with our best 2-in-1 Ultrabook list. What’s the best 2-in-1 ultrabook in 2016? If you ask a dozen different people you’re likely to get a dozen different answers, but on the whole you want to keep an eye on devices that are able to pack serious specs into a small space, and put them all behind a display that you wouldn’t mind looking at for more than a few hours a day. Ultrabooks are made to be both power efficient and flat out powerful, and when you add a touchscreen into the mix getting that balance just right is no easy task. This is why Intel verifies that any laptop calling itself an ultrabook needs to have a minimum battery life of 9.5hrs and boot from sleep in 0.5 seconds or less, among dozens of other strict requirements. For this list, we made sure that all the ultrabooks chosen had at least a 256GB SSD for storage, 8GB of RAM, and an Intel Core i7-5500U processor or better. So what’s the best 2-in-1 ultrabook of 2016? For our money (and yours), the #1 pick Microsoft Surface Book combines all the core features you’d want out of a 2-in-1 with a level of polish and design precision that’s simply unmatched by any other contender in the industry today. Best 2-in-1 Ultrabook 2016   Microsoft Surface Book HP Spectre x360 Acer Switch Alpha 12 Rank #1 - Editor's Choice/ Best 2-in-1 Ultrabook #2 Pick #3 Pick Amazon Rating Screen Size 13.5" 13.3" 12" Display 3000 x 2000 1920 x 1080 2160 x 1440 Battery Life Up to 12hrs Up to 12hrs Up to 8hrs Touchscreen CPU 2.4GHz Intel Core i5-6300U 2.4GHz Intel Core i7-5500U 2.40GHz Intel Core i7-6500U RAM 8 GB DDR3 8 GB SO-DIMM 8 GB LPDDR3 Storage 256GB PCIe3.0 SSD 256GB SSD 256GB SSD Weight 3.48 pounds 2.8 pounds 1.87 pounds Price $1,590 $1,141.49 $899 Buy Now Buy Now Buy Now How We Choose the Best 2-in-1 Ultrabook To find our picks for the best 2-in-1 ultrabook, we considered a number of various factors that were included (but not limited to): how fast the processor was, how much RAM/type used, the solid-state drive speed, the mechanism used to connect (or disconnect) the keyboard and display, as well as the comfort of the keyboard and whether or not the ultrabook included its own stylus. More often than not, 2-in-1’s will skimp on the quality of the keyboard with the assumption that people will be using them as tablets half the time, so they’ll build them to only take half the wear and tear over the product’s lifetime. Read More: What Is an Ultrabook? With all these factors in mind, it wasn’t hard to reach the Microsoft Surface Book as the obvious winner in this category. It easily deserves the #1 spot thanks to its highly customizable spec sheet, not to mention that it essentially invented the category when it first debuted as the plain old “Surface” four years ago. Why You Should Buy a 2-in-1 Ultrabook Although 2-in-1 convertible laptops are about as common as regular laptops these days both in popularity and availability, 2-in-1 ultrabooks are made for a very specific type of road warrior. If you’re someone who does a lot of on-site work in places where it may not be easy to set down a laptop (think construction site or medical office), a 2-in-1 ultrabook is the preferred choice thanks to its light, slim profile and long-lasting battery. Intel themselves need to approve all devices that want to attach the “ultrabook” logo to their name, which means an extra vetting process which ensures you only get a 2-in-1 with the highest standard of quality around. Convertible laptops are notorious for breaking at the hinge when you flip between modes, breaking when you drop them, or breaking just if you give them a funny look, so having the ultrabook certification is just one more way to be sure you won’t have to call the warranty department after only a few weeks of ownership. If your last 2-in-1 busted or you’re just looking for an upgrade, it could be time to consider picking up one of the best 2-in-1 ultrabooks in 2016! #1 Pick  Microsoft Surface Book/Editor’s Choice The Surface Book represents the best of Microsoft’s engineering team in a single device. Price: $1,590.00 | Features: 2-in-1 convertible tablet, 13.5″ 3000 x 2000 screen, 128GB onboard SSD WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: The Surface Book is a workhorse of an ultrabook that transforms into any kind of machine you want it to, right when you need it the most.  If we’re going to start this list off, it might as well be with the 2-in-1 ultrabook that launched the whole trend in the first place: the Surface. Microsoft has gotten a lot of flack in the past over their proprietary Surface line of notebooks and 2-in-1’s, but perhaps uncharacteristically of the company, now they’ve actually listened to that feedback and incorporated it into their core design philosophy. The resulting product was what is easily the one of the best 2-in-1 ultrabooks on shelves today, the Surface Book. Lightning quick and quality-built, the Microsoft Surface Book proves that you don’t need to only be a laptop person or a tablet person to enjoy the benefits from the best of both worlds. The Surface Book is endlessly customizable with pretty much any configuration you could think of available for sale, but to hit a nice middle ground, we recommend the 256GB SSD, Intel Core i5 processor, and 13.5″ PixelSense 3000 x 2000 touchscreen display. If you’re looking for something that can game this build also has a 1GB Nvidia GPU (unspecified chip), which definitely isn’t enough to run something like Battlefield 1, but could still do just fine with lighter games like a MOBA or Diablo III.  The Surface Book doesn’t win the #1 spot just for its specs or the stylus or its keyboard, but it’s the combination of all its precision-engineered parts that bring everything together into the best 2-in-1 ultrabook on shelves now. View on Amazon #2 Pick HP Spectre x360 13.3″ The HP x360 is a stylish, well-built addition to the Spectre lineup of laptops Price: $1,141.49  | Features: 13″ 1920 x 1080 display (UHD available), 256GB SSD, 12-hr battery life WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: The HP Spectre x360 is the Surface Book for buyers on a budget. If you’re one of the millions who can’t stand the idea of owning something that Microsoft made themselves (and we wouldn’t blame you for it), fear not, there are still other options in the best 2-in-1 ultrabook market available to choose from. Namely, the HP Spectre x360. HP has had a rough go of it lately, but the company never stopped producing high-quality laptops and convertibles like those in the Spectre line, and the x360 is no different. Aside from its actuating hinge that lets you quickly swap between laptop to tablet-mode and back again, the x360 takes all the things that made the original Spectre great and improves on them in every way imaginable. Although the specs are fairly par for the course (2.4GHz Intel Core i7, 256GB SSD, 8GB SO-DIMM DDR3 RAM, etc), what really sets the x360 apart is its revolutionary geared hinge system, which creates a 100% flush folding mechanism between the two modes. This means when you’re running the x360 in tablet mode it really feels like a tablet, and when it’s in laptop mode, it feels like a laptop instead of some bastardized mashup of the two. If need a tightly engineered machine that offers the complete package in 2-in-1 ultrabooks, look no further than the HP Spectre x360. View on Amazon #3 Pick  Acer Switch Alpha 12 If you want a light 2-in-1 with extreme versatility to boot, look no further than the Acer Switch Alpha 12 Price: $899.00  | Features: Liquid-cooled 2.4 GHz Intel Core i7 processor, 8GB LPDDR3 RAM, 512GB SSD WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: The Acer Switch Alpha 12 is a laptop with actual liquid cooling onboard, need we say more? This list has 2-in-1 ultrabooks that can convert into a tablet, double as a writing surface, and double as their own home theater…but what about one that actually has its own onboard liquid cooling system? You heard right, the Acer Switch Alpha 12 isn’t just one of the first 2-in-1’s to have mobile liquid cooling installed at stock, it’s one of the first laptops to feature it period. With the help of Acer’s proprietary LiquidLoop cooling system, the Switch Alpha 12 is able to quietly run an Intel Core i7 processor with 8GB of LPDDR3 RAM and a 12″ 2160 x 1440 display without slowing you down or heating up your lap during intense gaming (or productive work) sessions. The Aspire Switch Alpha 12 uses many of the same design aesthetics that were first made popular by Microsoft’s Surface and refines them even further, including the detachable keyboard and rubberized kickstand. This makes it simple to swap between tablet and laptop mode on the fly, and with this much power, you could even dock the Switch into a monitor and use it as your mobile desktop in a pinch. View on Amazon Most Important Features Weight With a 2-in-1, weight may not be as important of a feature as you might think, given that you might only find yourself lugging around half of the entire unit on a particular day. That said, how a 2-in-1 balances its weight between the bottom and top half of the ultrabook is extremely important. Too top-heavy and you might find it tipping over if you open the screen too wide. Make sure you look at both the weight of the screen/tablet surface compared to the full weight and subtract from there to avoid top-heavy units. Battery life As is the case with every ultrabook, how long the battery can last on a particular 2-in-1 has to meet the minimum requirement set by Intel themselves. In general this rule is 8hrs or more on a single charge, though the company has been known to make an exception or two based on the company and the device they’re putting out. That said, touchscreens inherently use more battery since they need to detect extra input. If you’re trying to save every drop of juice you can, make sure you’re plugged into the keyboard and using the ultrabook in laptop mode to stretch past that 8hr mark. Display Speaking of touchscreens, no 2-in-1 would be complete without the option to go touchscreen-only, so it’s imperative that your next ultrabook have a bright, vivid, and most importantly – responsive, display. Read all the available reviews on the unit you want to buy, and check for any instances where the reviewer says the screen wasn’t responsive enough in their testing scenarios. This is an immediate red-flag to avoid that choice and move on. Price On the whole, 2-in-1 ultrabooks are priced competitively with their 1-in-1 counterparts, but this isn’t always the case. If you don’t think you’ll be using the 2-in-1 functionality at least a few times a day, you’re better off saving the extra scratch you’d spend on a touchscreen and put it to use for better specs overall instead. Mistakes or Things to Avoid Buying a 2-in-1 with a weak hinge: Speaking of using the 2-in-1 feature a lot, perhaps the most critical component of all on a proper convertible ultrabook is the hinge. This is the piece that connects and disconnects the keyboard from the screen/system, and if you use it often, it needs to be able to put up with a lot of punishment over the years without showing any signs of stress. The second the hinge breaks, all you’ll be left with is an overpriced heavy tablet. Not getting a tablet/laptop instead: The market for 2-in-1 ultrabook owners is actually a lot smaller than you might think. Yes, it’s handy to have an “ultra” powerful tablet that goes wherever you do, but it’s also a much heftier investment than say, a regular old tablet like an iPad or Nexus. Unless you do a ton of work that requires a touchscreen, a high-performance processor, extremely long battery life and the addition of a dedicated keyboard, you’re probably better off with a tablet or regular laptop/ultrabook instead. Which Best 2-in-1 Ultrabook is Right for You And the winner for the best 2-in-1 ultrabook that’s right for you is…all of them! Because the list of 2-in-1 ultrabooks released in 2016 is so small, you can be sure that no matter which model you inevitably go with, it’s going to live up to the high standards set by Intel and followed through on by top quality manufacturers like HP, Acer, and Microsoft. The Microsoft Surface Book is a solid pick if you want to acutely customize the exact specs you want out of a 2-in-1 since it has so many available options and specs lists to choose from, while the HP Spectre x360 or Acer Switch Alpha 12 are better for ultrabook users who prefer devices that are laptops first, and tablets second (but don’t have any preference between the two). No matter which one you eventually choose, you can be sure there’s a best 2-in-1 ultrabook out there for you! Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Chris Stobing Chris Stobing is a writer and blogger from the heart of Silicon Valley. Raised around tech from birth, he's had an interest in PC hardware and networking technology for years, and has come to Gadget Review to contribute his knowledge on both. You can follow him on Twitter here. Sponsored Content Related Posts 7 Ultrabooks under $700 Get A Dell 2-in-1 1440p Touchscreen Ultrabook for only $500?!? Vizio Thin+Light Ultrabook Specs and Prices Announced (video) Dell XPS Ultrabook w/ QHD display only $700 (nearly half price), cheapest Yoga Tablet 8 & More Ultrabook vs Laptop Asus ZenBook UX305CA Review Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,004 Fans 13,315 Subscribers 10,829 Followers Recent Reviews Home Security Systems Best Home Security System: Top 5 of 2016 DSLR Cameras Best DSLR Camera 2016 Projectors 5 of the Best Home Theater Projectors for 2016 Bluetooth Speakers 10 of the Best Bluetooth Speakers 2016 Office Chair Best Office Chair 2016 – The No Bulls#*t Guide to Sitting Wireless Routers Best Wireless Router 2016 – The In Depth Buyer’s Guide Radar Detectors Best Radar Detector 2016: Long-Range Driver Protection Cell Phones Best Smartphone 2016 ChromeBook Review Best Chromebook of 2016 Gaming Laptops Best Gaming Laptop – The Beginner’s Guide to Portable Gaming Ultra HD 4K TVs Best 4K TV for 2016 Blenders Best Blenders 2016 LED TVs Best 32 LED TV Wine Accessories Best Wine Fridge Ultrabook Reviews Top Laptop Reviews LG Reveals Z330 and Z430 Super Ultrabooks Samsung Series 9 13.3-inch Notebook Review Samsung Series 9 vs. Samsung Series 9 2nd Gen Ultrabook vs Laptop What is an Ultrabook? HP Envy Spectre XT Notebook PC Toshiba's U840W Ultrabook Sports a 21:9 Screen, Stares Macbook Air in the Display (video) ASUS TAICHI Ultrabook Rocks Two Displays (video) Dell XPS 13 Review Vizio Thin+Light Ultrabook Specs and Prices Announced (video) Lenovo‚Äôs IdeaPad U Series Ultrabooks Eat Coursework for Lunch (sponsored) HP ENVY Touchsmart Ultrabook 4 Review 7 Ultrabooks under $700 Sony VAIO T Series T14 and T15 Ultrabook Specs and Pricing Samsung Announces 1080p Series 9 Premium Ultrabook Pricing and Availability Taiwan's Inhon Unveils Blade13 Carbon World's Thinnest Laptop Samsung Announces New Line of ATIV Touch Screen Laptops Pricing & Availability Samsung ATIV Book 5 Ultrabook Review The Best Ultrabook Sale for Cyber Monday Sponsored Video: See Why Dell's New Ultrabooks Are Like a Monster Truck (video) Dell XPS Ultrabook w/ QHD display only $700 (nearly half price), cheapest Yoga Tablet 8 & More Get A Dell 2-in-1 1440p Touchscreen Ultrabook for only $500?!? Best Ultrabooks 2015 Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and top ten product comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Geek Out with the latest desktop computers, best gaming laptops, best headphones and the latest gadget news and top product reviews online. Gadget Review is also, home to some of the best top consumer reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Copyright © 2016 Gadget Review Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact HTML XML
ITBusiness.ca | Business Advantage Through Technology Follow Us Follow @itbusinessca Like us on FacebookContact Us G+ RSS Search for: Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content ITBusiness.ca Menu CMO Digital HR Mobile Operations Leadership Security Tutorials Finance Sports Blogs Events Videos Slideshows Tech in Sports Is this wearable AR headset your next personal fitness coach? Alex Radu @AlexTRadu Published: October 12th, 2016 From the Luxottica Group’s Oakley brand and Intel Corp. comes the latest piece of smart eyewear technology: Radar Pace, Oakley’s newest piece of wearable technology that includes a real voice-activated coaching system. Radar Pace is the product of Oakley’s performance-centric design aesthetic and Intel’s experience-driven technology, becoming much more than just a pretty pair of glasses. Equipped with a virtual coach that can interpret data in real-time, provide personalized and actionable instruction and motivation during a workout, and hold athletes accountable to a structured training program. Like a human coach, Radar Pace creates a training program for athletes of all types. By providing feedback to the athlete through the eyewear, Radar Pace allows athletes to make adjustments in the workout on the fly without having to reach for a phone or watch. The smart eyewear’s voice interaction, powered by Intel Real Speech, gives athletes the ability to ask questions, receive feedback, and improve their understanding of the performance metrics tracked by the eyewear and external sensors. With this in mind, Radar Pace isn’t just designed for the world-class athlete. It can provide coaching to athletes of all levels. Through smart technology, external sensors, and the Radar Pace app, the eyewear collects and analyzes personal performance data in order to give athletes all the information needed to succeed. This includes: power output, heart rate, speed, cadence, time, pace, and distance. Radar Pace will even adjust performance goals in order to make up for missed workouts. The Radar Pace is composed of the Oakley eyewear with integrated earbuds and microphone, and uses Oakley Prizm lens technology in the Prizm Road lens. This lens enhances detail by providing ultra-precise color tuning based on the environment, and brightens whites and enhances yellows, greens, and reds so runners and cyclists can see subtle changes in road texture and spot hazards easily. Additionally, a Bluetooth audio headset allows athletes to place and receive calls and texts, and listen to music. Radar Pace is available now at Oakley.com and select Oakley stores for $449 USD. Post to Twitter Post to Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share with Google+ More Articles League adds business insurance to digital health platform Vidyard releases free video-making browser extension anyone can use Tech in Sports Intel, Oakley, smart eyewear, wearable technology About Alex Radu is a staff writer for IT World Canada. When not writing about the tech industry, you can find him reading, watching TV/movies, or watching the Lakers rebuild with one eye open. Follow Follow @AlexTRadu on Twitter Website PageBooks - A collection of articles chosen by our editors and compiled into a magazine format designed for our readers. The marketing landscape of 2014: What digital marketers need to know Search Websites ITWC.ca IT World Canada.com Computer Dealer News.com Direction Informatique.com Publications CSO Digital CanadianCIO Computer Dealer News Computing Canada Community About Us Contact Us Subscribe Social Media Tech Videos Tech News Tech Blogs Tech Slideshows Tech Events CMO Digital Find Follow Produced By: © 2016 ITBusiness.ca
Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Videos About en de es fr it nl pt The VICE Channels Share Tweet Motherboard Motherboard Watch Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Latest Videos Documentaries Interviews Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Follow Motherboard Newsletter A 'Cognitive Healthcare System' is Changing Medical Practices in Remote Areas Written by Joseph Neighbor October 12, 2016 // 12:02 PM EST Copy This URL In rural communities throughout the developing world, a doctor can be nearly impossible to find without a long, prohibitively expensive journey to a city. Because of this, many people around the globe have a difficult time accessing crucial healthcare services. For example, in India’s villages, many fall victim to preventable diseases, according to the Ministry of Health, while two-thirds lack access to critical medicines. This was the problem a team of engineering students in Pune, India, set out to solve. Their project, IoT Vaidya, is a “cognitive healthcare system” that links rural patients with doctors, wherever they might practice, using sensors and cloud technology. Recently, IoT Vaidya won the Intel® Ultimate Coder Challenge for IoT, in which five teams were given an Intel® IoT Developer Kit and eight weeks to design an innovative commercial IoT solution. Motherboard spoke with team co-founder Mahavir Dwivedi about their winning project and the healthcare challenges facing impoverished rural communities in India. Motherboard: Can you tell me a little about your background, and how you met up with your team? Dwivedi: I graduated in electronics engineering from Pune University in India last July. Since my sophomore year, I’ve been working on projects which could hopefully turn into real commercial products. Arun Kumar was a classmate of mine; we have done several projects together. He has special interests in robotics and machine learning, and also just graduated this year. Milind Deore is our mentor. He works with CISCO as a network engineer. He has more than a decade of experience in hardware and software. Beyond the technical approach, he’s guided us towards projects that can be launched into the market. A series of sensors transmit patient information using cloud infrastructure for remote diagnosis by medical professionals. How did you come up with the idea for IoT Vaidya? Before participating in the Intel® Ultimate Coder Challenge, we had been to various hackathons and entered a few competitions. Though our performance was fair, we never could take those projects to the next level. We decided we wanted to work on something that could be useful to society, which is how we came to focus on healthcare. It’s a real issue here in India. After doing a substantial amount of research, we learned that though the market is gearing up for a biometric wearables revolution, countries like India still suffer from a critical shortage of doctors. The situation is particularly bad in rural areas. 70% of the Indian population has access to less than 20% of physicians, 10% of the specialists, and 5% of the diagnostic equipment. The situation is not much different in other developing nations in Asia, Africa and Latin America. Thus, we had a problem to solve. We decided to build a standalone cognitive health monitoring system, IoT Vaidya, which provides real-time diagnoses to patients, and connects them with doctors and specialists using cloud infrastructure and telemedicine-enabling technologies. For a name, we chose to use the Hindi term for doctor: “Vaidya.” How does it work? The project uses biomedical sensors to acquire a patient’s vitals, like blood pressure and temperature, which are then sent to the cloud where they can be accessed by a physician. This way, a doctor working far away, in any corner of the world, would be able to diagnose a patient’s problem. We have also written machine learning algorithms in the cloud for a very basic analysis of the data, so that instant feedback can be given back to the patient regarding preventive measures to be taken. Machine learning algorithms aid in diagnosis. How long did it take to develop? This was not the first competition we’ve entered using this healthcare-focused solution. We won a previous competition, the Eclipse Open IoT Challenge, with this same project. However, in that case, we were not given Intel boards, so we used open source technologies, like Arduinos. You can use those boards to build prototypes pretty easily, but in order to bring something to market you need certain things only the big players can provide, since they’re more acceptable and tested. So we brought that prototype to the Intel® Ultimate Coder Challenge for IoT, which is when we got Intel-backed software and hardware, like the Intel® Edison board and Intel® IoT Developer Kit. It took us around six weeks to import our previous work on to Intel platforms, and come up with the further developments. What programming languages did you use in writing the software? We didn’t limit ourselves to any one particular language or platform. As this was only an eight-week competition, it was not possible for us to write each and every bit from scratch. So we developed our solution using various open-source libraries and frameworks. In general, we used Python for writing scripts on Edison, C++ for writing Arduino programs, and JavaScript on the cloud. What was the most challenging part of the project? The most important part of our project was the sensors. The Intel® IoT Developer Kit included some amazing sensors from Grove, but it was never going to be enough for us to build a healthcare monitoring solution. So we included our very own. We consulted doctors to get acquainted with the type of data they required for primary diagnosis of a patient, especially for common things like heart disease. All the sensors we considered using had to be non-invasive, so that infections could be avoided. Ultimately, we settled on four: galvanic skin response, temperature, blood pressure, and electrocardiogram. What's the next step in developing this project? During the last six months, we participated in various competitions and developed the proof-of-concept of our product. Now, we are collaborating with other healthcare startups, and have started working on taking this concept to the clinical trials stage. We are also working on our algorithms to deliver more accurate diagnoses to patients. It’s my hope that this will prove useful not only in India, but in rural areas lacking basic health care throughout the world. Topics: Intel, sponsored Contact Motherboard by email. You can reach us at letters@motherboard.tv. Letters may be published. Want to see other people talking about Motherboard? Check out our letters to the editor. Recommended Intel Wants to Replace Fireworks With Drones A New Era of Assistive Technologies for People with Disabilities ​Intel’s Skull Canyon Pushes the Limits of Processor Based Graphics The Impact of Affordable Smartphones Emergency Tactics For Surviving the Arctic What to Do When You're Stuck on a Glacier Follow Us Everywhere Most Popular What a Trump Presidency Means For Science After 20 Minutes of Listening, New Adobe Tool Can Make You Say Anything Vancouver Considers Abandoning Parts of the Coast Because of Climate Change How We Plan to Cover the Environment In a Trump Presidency The Canadian Military Is Investigating a Mysterious Noise In the Arctic Why Some Apple Fans Are Considering a Hackintosh © 2016 Vice Media LLC About Motherboard About Motherboard Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Asrock preps 21 motherboards for a dip into Kaby Lake by Wayne Manion  11:00 AM on October 12, 2016 Asus spinoff ASRock has followed its progenitor company in releasing BIOS updates adding support for the upcoming Kaby Lake CPUs. Firmware updates for 21 of ASRock's existing Intel 100-series LGA 1151 motherboards add support for what the company dubs "Next Generation" Intel Core processors. ASRock's press release conspicuously avoids the terms "Kaby Lake" or "seventh-generation Core," but the BIOS updates doubtless add support for the new CPUs. The products of Intel's "optimization" phase of its 14-nm tri-gate manufacturing technology are expected to hit the desktop market in early 2017. The firmware updates are not limited to high-end Z170 boards. Entry-level H110, B150, and H170 receive updates as well. The full list of supported motherboards can be found here. Tags: CPUs Motherboards Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonCo-founder Of DeepMind, Mustafa Suleyman, To Speak At Disrupt London Save £250 On Tickets Now Hardware This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies Google’s Wifi router is now up for pre-order DJI debuts a monitor add-on for its controllers Browse more... HP HP, Dell, Lenovo, Asus and Acer will all ship VR headsets for your PC starting at $299 INNOVATE2016: Are we on the verge of Brexit 2.0 HP plans 3,000 to 4,000 job cuts over the next three years Browse more... HP adds Intel Kaby Lake chips, edge-to-edge screen to latest Spectre x360 laptop Posted Oct 12, 2016 by Stefan Etienne (@stefanetienne) 0 SHARES Next Story FourKites raises $13 million to track trucks on the road for customers like Staples HP just unveiled its latest laptop built around Intel’s Kaby Lake platform. But this update adds more than just a new processor to the HP Spectre x360 laptop. Some of the other tweaks lean more towards aesthetics on the 13.3-inch laptop, including a slimmer profile by removing 2mm of thickness (now 13.8mm), the new HP logo, an infrared camera that enables Windows Hello authentication and an edge-to-edge display that sadly supports only one resolution: FHD (1080p). HP retained the 360 degree hinge from previous generations. By tightening the design and beefing up some of the specs with enough battery to match, HP is trying to convince consumers that it’s more than just an alternative to the Macbook Pro, but a unique system that’s capable in its own right. Similarly, to how the XPS 13 brought life back to Dell (and sent waves through the review industry for being a great laptop), HP is trying to push the x360 to its limits. It could gain respect in the public eye by not only having a 360-degree hinge, but looking good, charging fast and having the latest chips. On the side, two new Thunderbolt 3 ports have been added. These are disguised as USB Type-C jacks, allowing the upcoming flurry of USB-C devices will have a native, high-speed place to connect. It’s a trend that most PC manufacturers are adopting and is welcomed. A bigger, 57.8Wh battery with fast charging (90 minutes to 90% charge) will power the faster NVMe SSD standard (over last year’s SATA tech), which also is getting a size increase up to 1TB. HP is offering the new Spectre x360 today, starting at $1,049.99. The entry-level model only nets you a Core i5 processor, but a Core i7-7500U upgrade option exists (clocked at 2.7 GHz, up to 3.5 GHz). In the coming weeks, I’ll get my hands on a unit and will report back on whether or not these changes make for a viable convertible laptop/ultrabook. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase HP Software Founded 2015 Overview HP Software is the software segment of HP and has been named by Software Magazine as the 3rd largest software company in the world in total software revenue. HP Software includes several categories including business service management software, application lifecycle management software, portfolio management software, mobile apps, big data and analytics, service and portfolio management software, automation … Location Palo Alto, CA Categories SaaS, Cloud Computing, Software Full profile for HP Software HP Corporation Full profile for HP Corporation Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Facebook's Fake News Problem | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes HP Hardware Popular Posts Featured Stories June Intelligent Oven Review VIDEO | 4:50 | Reviews This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies 7 hours ago | Josh Constine Chinese scientists CRISPR a human for the first time 8 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Snapchat has reportedly filed confidentially for its massive IPO 10 hours ago | Matthew Lynley DJI’s Inspire 2 gets a second camera for first-person video feeds 12 hours ago | Brian Heater Latest From TechCrunch Samsung’s latest acquisition could pave the way for its own iMessage-type service 30 minutes ago | Jon Russell Former Twitter India head joins Times Internet to lead its global partnerships business 50 minutes ago | Jon Russell “Anti-smartphone” Light Phone runs into delays 2 hours ago | Haje Jan Kamps Crunch Report | Facebook’s Fake News Problem 3 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Comment moderation powered by Up Next FourKites raises $13 million to track trucks on the road for customers like Staples Posted Oct 12, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies 7 hours ago by Josh Constine Snapchat has reportedly filed confidentially for its massive IPO 10 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Chinese scientists CRISPR a human for the first time 8 hours ago by Sarah Buhr Google’s AI Experiments help you understand neural networks by playing with them 10 hours ago by Devin Coldewey WhatsApp launches video calling for everyone yesterday by Josh Constine, Sarah Perez Happy 20th birthday, ICQ! 7 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Budget US Android smartphones found secretly sending personal data to China 12 hours ago by Natasha Lomas “Anti-smartphone” Light Phone runs into delays 2 hours ago by Haje Jan Kamps
null
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search See the Spot: Intel Enlists Michael Phelps to Sink Slow Computers By Jack Neff - 5 minutes ago Array 0 U.K. Marketers Plan to Boost Budgets Ahead of Brexit Moves By Emma Hall - 27 minutes ago Array 0 LiveRamp, Others Push Consumer Identification Across Devices By Kate Kaye - 2 hours ago Array 0 The UPS Store Launches YouTube Miniseries 'The Elevator Pitch' With Marcus Lemonis By Suman Bhattacharyya - 16 hours ago Array 0 Pandora Debuts New Logo and Push for Ad-Free Subscriptions By George Slefo - 2 hours ago Array 0 GMOs, the Pope and Roy Spence: Wikileaks Reveals Clinton Messaging Secrets By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 Diesel Appoints Anomaly Global Agency of Record By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 4 hours ago 0 U.S. Ad Spending Growing at Best Pace in Six Years, New Magna Global Forecast Says By Jeanine Poggi - 4 hours ago 0 Inside the TV Ad Price Chart: How 'Grey's Anatomy' Made Its Return to the Top 10 By Jeanine Poggi - 4 hours ago 0 MTV Highlights Diversity, Immigration in Interactive 'Beyond the Wall' Installation By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 The Second Presidential Debate Summed up in 25 Tweets By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 Condé Nast Hires Chief Business Officer and Parts Ways With Two Longtime Executives By Jeremy Barr - Yesterday 0 'My Son Can't Live in Trumpworld,' Says Republican Mom in Emotional Ad By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 Publicis Groupe Agency Team Wins USAA Account By Lindsay Stein - 19 hours ago 0 How Snapchat's Big Changes Impact Advertisers and Publishers By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US See the Spot: Intel Enlists Michael Phelps to Sink Slow Computers By Jack Neff. Published on October 12, 2016. Reprints Reprints Most Popular Intel has a new explanation for the famous scowling "Phelps face" from last summer's Olympics – inadequate processing power. That's the basis for a new series of ads pairing the world's fastest swimmer with the world's slowest computer, and with Jim Parsons of "Big Bang Theory" and Intel fame. Mr. Phelps' scowl was originally captured on camera as his rival Chad le Clos of South Africa warmed up by shadow boxing in an apparent effort to distract or intimidate him before August's 200-meter butterfly competition in Rio. Mr. Phelps won anyway, and the face became a social media meme. Intel hopes to ride some ripples from that #PhelpsFace wave in new ads from McGarryBowen breaking online this week and on TV Oct. 17 during "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert" on CBS. The new ads back Intel's recently launched Seventh Gen procesor. The idea originally came during a different Olympic moment, said Intel Chief Marketing Officer Steven Fund, when Mr. Phelps was "watching himself swim, looking at the image through a very old computer. And we came up with the idea of the world's fastest swimmer on the world's slowest computer." Intel reached out to Mr. Phelps through his agent during the games, shot the ad and related social media content shortly thereafter, and, Mr. Fund said, "Got on air I think before anyone else has done anything with him post-Olympics." Mr. Phelps was already a fairly prolific endorser for, among others, Under Armour, Omega and 800razors.com (an online razor retailer he's also an investor in). Mr. Fund, himself a former global marketing director on Procter & Gamble Co.'s Gillette, saw him as a good fit for Intel as well. The message is basically the same one Mr. Parsons has been delivering: It's time to upgrade your computer. And Mr. Parsons has been so effective, Intel had no interest in walking away from him for the new ads either. With a PC processor market share of more than 87%, something that beats even his alma mater Gillette in razor blades, Intel's primary focus is growing the PC category rather than market share, Mr. Fund said. Over recent years, people have been waiting longer to replace old PCs, he said. "But actually this past year PCs have stabilized, and there was in fact just data published by IDC that shows PCs have grown for the first time year over year." Indeed, both IDC and Gartner data showed the North American PC market growing in the second quarter after five quarters of declines. "I'd like to say most of it is the marketing," Mr. Fund said. "The Parsons campaign is our best advertising ever. We test everything at Intel. It's got great breakthrough. It's very clear on message, and persuasion metrics are very strong." He declined to disclose spending, but said the new Phelps-Parsons effort will get significant weight both online and on TV. Intel's in-house Agency Inside has joined McGarryBowen in creating social content for the broader effort, with OMD handling media. In this article: CMO Strategy CPG Celebrity Consumer Electronics Digital Digital Video See the Spot Social Sports Marketing TV Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Intel launches its first branded commercial drone The Intel Falcon 8+ is a high-end V-form octocopter capable of reaching speeds of up to 35 miles per hour. By Natalie Gagliordi for Between the Lines | October 12, 2016 -- 14:36 GMT (07:36 PDT) | Topic: Innovation Intel's Falcon 8 drone. Intel this week made a major play for the unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) market with the launch of its first, Intel-branded commercial drone. What's Hot on ZDNet Why Samsung's Harman purchase will be seen as Apple blunder decades from now Nintendo announces release date for Super Mario Run on iOS Why automation is finally revolutionizing quick service restaurants and what it means for jobs Major Linux security hole gapes open The Intel Falcon 8+ is a high-end V-form octocopter capable of reaching speeds of up to 35 miles per hour. The drone is controlled with a water-resistant cockpit outfitted with a joystick and tablet, and can fly for up to 26 minutes at a time on a redundant power pack. Unlike hobbyist drones, the Falcon 8+ system is meant for a range of commercial applications including industrial inspection, surveying, and mapping. It also features the triple-redundant AscTec Trinity autopilot system, which Intel says can provide "detailed images down to millimeter accuracy, offering valuable structural analysis that detects and prevents damage to infrastructure." The foundation for the Falcon 8+ is the German-made AscTec Falcon 8, which Intel now owns after acquiring Ascending Technologies in January. At the time, Intel said it bought the German drone maker for its auto-pilot software, algorithms, and sensors, which work in concert with Intel's 3D depth camera RealSense. These technology components are now coming to life inside the Falcon 8+ to give Intel a boost in the booming drone market, which is estimated to have total addressable value of more than $127 billion, according to a report in May by PwC. The industrial drone space, which Intel is targeting with the Falcon, has an estimated value of more than $45 billion just in itself. The thriving drone market prompted Intel's $60 million investment last year in Yuneec Aviation, a Hong Kong-based firm known for products including the single-seat electric E-Spyder aircraft and the Typhoon multi-copter series. It also spurred the chipmaker's September acquisition of Movidius, makers of specialized computer sensing and vision technology. "Drones are an important computing platform for the future, and Intel is positioning itself at the forefront of this opportunity to provide the compute, sensor, communications, and cloud integration for the growing drone ecosystem," said Josh Walden, VP and GM of Intel's New Technology Group. "Intel is focused on continuing to create innovative new technologies and to lead in the unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) segment -- especially in the commercial space." Intel did not reveal pricing or availability details of the drone, but odds are it won't come cheap. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation ​Domino's claims world-first pizza drone delivery Tech & Work With curved ultra-wide monitors, one screen may be better than two Innovation Can Apple succeed where Google failed? Smart City Verizon buys free Wi-Fi kiosk company LQD WiFi × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 48° 48° Low 39° High 68° Wed 42° 74° Thu 45° 79° Fri 52° 78° See complete forecast Amy Schumer is the most dangerous celebrity online Posted 9:24 am, October 12, 2016, by Michelle Stark, Updated at 09:25am, October 12, 2016 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Amy Schumer is the most dangerous celebrity online Intel has released a list of most dangerous celebrities online and comedienne Amy Schumer tops the risk rankings. According to company data, analyzed in the McAfee Most Dangerous Celebrities™ study, a search for the “Trainwreck” and “Inside Amy Schumer” star has more than a 16 percent chance of connecting you with a website carrying malware or viruses. Intel Security researched “a broad list of well-known figures including actors, comedians, musicians, TV hosts, athletes” to generate its 10th annual list. Justin Bieber was number two on the list, with a 15 percent chance of linking you to malware. Here’s Intel’s list of the top ten most dangerous celebs to search for online, based on its security data: Amy Schumer – 16.11% risk Justin Bieber – 15% Carson Daly – 13.44% (tie) Will Smith – 13.44% Rihanna – 13.33% Miley Cyrus – 12.67% Chris Hardwick – 12.56% Daniel Tosh – 11.56% Selena Gomez – 11.11% (tie) Kesha – 11.11% Experts recommend using a good anti-virus software on your smartphone or computer. If you’re a fan of celebrity news and gossip, try to search for news items via reputable sources as much as possible.   Filed in: Digital Life, This Morning Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular Kayleigh McClendon, 7-year-old from Hartselle, finishes fight with deadly brain disease Air quality alert issued due to wildfire smoke Heavy smoke blankets Marshall County, south Huntsville Smoke from Georgia wildfires blows into the Tennessee Valley reducing air quality, visibility Latest News What’s that falling out of the sky? That’s rain, right? SLS Structural Testing to begin soon at Marshall Space Flight Center Holiday Shopping Tips This is national collection week for Operation Christmas Child Digital Life This Morning Even your battery status may threaten your privacy online News Facebook Hoax: Story on death of Brad Pitt could put your account at risk News Comparing the 25 highest paid female CEOs with their male counterparts BBB Consumer Alerts News Taking Action 12 Steps to Secure Your Mobile Device News The most expensive places to go to the movies News The college campuses with the most reported robberies; Several local colleges make the list News New malware means you need to update your iPhone News TBI adds man wanted in Chattanooga to Most Wanted list, accused of especially aggravated kidnapping Leadership Perspectives CyberSecurity Expert exposes vulnerabilities in personal information security BBB Consumer Alerts The pros and cons of Interest-based advertising Valleywx Blog Hurricane Matthew produces significant storm surge along Florida coast News Chinese firm acknowledges inadvertent role in cyberattack News Vera Bradley notifies customers of incident with payment cards used at retail stores Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2016, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 16, 2:37 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Top 5 Best Oculus Rift Ready PCs On Amazon And BestBuy.com By Karen Tumbokon On 10/12/16 AT 8:18 AM Close Whether you’re looking to jump into your favorite VR game, watch a VR movie, or spend time with friends in VR- you’ll need a Rift and a compatible desktop PC. Here's a list of the top 5  best Oculus Rift ready PCs available on Amazon and  BestBuy.com.  1. ASUS  G11CD- Desktop  Amazon - Price: $1,799   Best Buy -  Price: $829.99  The Asus Oculus-ready gaming PC, will deliver the full Rift experience. Photo: Asus The Asus Oculus-ready gaming PC, will deliver the full Rift experience. Its Intel Core i7 processor delivers solid processing power, while the 8GB of memory offers speed access. This Asus Oculus-ready gaming PC is powered by a GeForce GTX 1070 graphics card, which means it can give you the full ultimate VR experience. The GameAlive feature also lets you record, edit, and share gameplay videos.  2. Oculus Ready Alienware Aurora  Dell -  Price: $1,099.99​ The new Alienware Aurora gaming desktop will let you experience gaming like you’ve never experienced gaming before. Photo: Alienware The new Alienware Aurora gaming desktop will let you experience gaming like you’ve never experienced gaming before. The Alienware Aurora was designed to support customizable upgrades - including speeds up to 4.2GHSz with the Intel Core i7 6700 CPU - with up to 4-core Intel 6th Gen processors, and up to 64GB of DDRM memory. The Aurora is an intense experience that plunges you into the heart of the game. 3. CyberPowerPC Gamer Xtreme VR  Amazon- Price: $699.99 The CyberPowerPC Gamer Xtreme VR has been one of the top rated gaming desktops on Amazon. Photo: Amazon.com The CyberPowerPC Gamer Xtreme VR has been one of the top rated gaming desktops on Amazon. The CyberPowerPC Xtreme series features the latest Intel Core processor and quick DDR4 RAM to handle high Definition video playback and gaming. The gamer Xtreme series provides an awesome gaming experience. 4. Dell - XPS 8900 Special Edition Best Buy - Price: $ The Dell XPS 8900 Special Edition is one of the fastest XPS mini towers ever. Photo: Dell The Dell XPS 8900 Special Edition is one of the fastest XPS mini towers ever. It comes with a massive 2TB hard drive, a GTX970 graphics card and memory up to 32GB or 256GB.  5. ASUS - ROG Desktop  Related Stories What's The Best VR Gaming Headset? Best Games For Sony's PlayStation VR Best Buy - Price: $1,329.99 With the ASUS ROG Desktop, you’ll be able to play games for hours at a time. Photo: BestBuy.com With the Asus ROG Desktop, you’ll be able to play games for hours at a time. With 16GB of DDR4 memory and 4GB of graphics to ensure smooth gameplay, even hardcore gamers won’t be able to resist this deal.   Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Report Likens Tax Havens To Disease That Must Be Quarantined The report on the Panama Papers was written by Nobel Prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz and Swiss anti-corruption expert Mark Pieth. Technology Tinder Introduces Transgender Options The dating app allowed users to choose only between male and female till now. World Can A Crowdfunded Telescope Photograph An Earth-Like Planet? Project Blue, launched by an international consortium of scientists, began a Kickstarter campaign Tuesday to raise funds for a telescope that may capture a “pale blue dot” image of an alien planet. National Thomas Barrack To Head Trump’s Inaugural Committee Barrack, the former deputy undersecretary of the Department of Interior under the Reagan administration, is a staunch Trump ally advising the real estate mogul on economics and national security. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Windows 10's MacBook challenger: HP revamps Spectre x360 with thinner case and bigger battery HP has refreshed its premium 13-inch consumer laptops, including the Spectre x360 and Envy. By Liam Tung | October 12, 2016 -- 11:45 GMT (04:45 PDT) | Topic: Mobility The second-generation HP Spectre x360 Image: HP / Microsoft HP has refreshed its popular Spectre x360 laptop and the more affordable Envy, bringing hardware improvements, longer-life batteries, and Windows 10 features to the new systems. The new Spectre x360 represents HP's efforts to perfect the mobility of the first generation of the convertible laptop, which offered a solid if slightly heavy non-Surface Windows answer to the MacBook. See also: Get ready for a MacBook Pro and MacBook Air refresh HP has shaved 10mm from the bezel on each side of the screen to deliver its "near zero border" 13.3-inch touch display in the updated model. The overhauled Spectre x360 retains the aluminum finish and curves of its predecessor, but at 13.88mm thick and weighing 2.85lb (1.29kg), it is 13 percent slimmer and 11 percent lighter. Read this Time for a second look at business laptops Smartphones and tablets aren’t the only gadgets getting thinner and lighter. If you’ve put off upgrading your business notebook, it’s time for another look. The three 14-inch models I've been testing show the business laptop has come a long way. Read More In spite of the weight drop, the new model packs a larger 57.8W battery, which along with fine-tuning for Intel's Kaby Lake processors will offer up to 15 hours of battery life, according to HP. It has also added an infrared camera to the device, bringing support for Microsoft's Windows 10 Hello facial login. Dual-array mics have also been optimized to support Cortana's voice-control features, while there are now four rather than two speakers. The laptop also features a backlit keyboard, two USB-Type C ports with Thunderbolt 3 support and one USB-Type A 3.0 port. The Spectre x360 laptop will be available with Intel's new generation i5 or i7 processors, solid state storage of up to 1TB, and up to 16GB of RAM. It will be available on October 12 starting at $1,050. The refreshed 13.3-inch ENVY laptop is a handsome piece of hardware in a metal finish, but lacks the finer trimmings of the Spectre x360. It's also $200 cheaper. At 14mm thick and weighing 3.15lbs, the ENVY is now actually thicker and heavier than its predecessor but, perhaps offsetting this, a bigger battery offers up to 14 hours of battery life, equal to four more hours. It features dual speakers, a backlit keyboard, two USB 3.0 ports, and one USB Type-C port. The laptop will be available with new generation Intel Core i5 or i7 processors, up to 1TB solid state storage, and up to 16GB RAM. It will also be available with a QHD display, if customers want to add touch. The ENVY will go on sale on October 26, starting at $850. And, just ahead of Microsoft's rumored Surface all-in-one launch in the next fortnight, HP has introduced its ENVY all-in-one with a 27-inch QHD display. Its camera with IR support also enables Windows Hello. This will be available in October, starting at $1,299.99, with up to 256 GB solid state storage or a two terabyte hard disk and sixth-generation Intel i5 or i7 quad-core processors. $300 (or less) laptops for work and play SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 5 NEXT PREV Read more about the latest laptops The best Linux laptop: The 2016 Dell XPS 13 HP updates ProBook 400 series with five new business laptop models Six months with the Surface Pro 4: Patches, lappability, and battery life are key Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Samsung gives Black Friday sneak peek of laptop, Galaxy tablet deals Mobility Snapchat confidentially filed for IPO: Report Mobility Apple to offer two 5.5-inch iPhone models in 2017: Report Mobility Google launches PhotoScan for iOS, Android to turn print into digital photos × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Windows 10's MacBook challenger: HP revamps Spectre x360 with thinner case and bigger battery HP has refreshed its premium 13-inch consumer laptops, including the Spectre x360 and Envy. By Liam Tung | October 12, 2016 -- 11:45 GMT (04:45 PDT) | Topic: Mobility The second-generation HP Spectre x360 Image: HP / Microsoft HP has refreshed its popular Spectre x360 laptop and the more affordable Envy, bringing hardware improvements, longer-life batteries, and Windows 10 features to the new systems. The new Spectre x360 represents HP's efforts to perfect the mobility of the first generation of the convertible laptop, which offered a solid if slightly heavy non-Surface Windows answer to the MacBook. See also: Get ready for a MacBook Pro and MacBook Air refresh HP has shaved 10mm from the bezel on each side of the screen to deliver its "near zero border" 13.3-inch touch display in the updated model. The overhauled Spectre x360 retains the aluminum finish and curves of its predecessor, but at 13.88mm thick and weighing 2.85lb (1.29kg), it is 13 percent slimmer and 11 percent lighter. Read this Time for a second look at business laptops Smartphones and tablets aren’t the only gadgets getting thinner and lighter. If you’ve put off upgrading your business notebook, it’s time for another look. The three 14-inch models I've been testing show the business laptop has come a long way. Read More In spite of the weight drop, the new model packs a larger 57.8W battery, which along with fine-tuning for Intel's Kaby Lake processors will offer up to 15 hours of battery life, according to HP. It has also added an infrared camera to the device, bringing support for Microsoft's Windows 10 Hello facial login. Dual-array mics have also been optimized to support Cortana's voice-control features, while there are now four rather than two speakers. The laptop also features a backlit keyboard, two USB-Type C ports with Thunderbolt 3 support and one USB-Type A 3.0 port. The Spectre x360 laptop will be available with Intel's new generation i5 or i7 processors, solid state storage of up to 1TB, and up to 16GB of RAM. It will be available on October 12 starting at $1,050. The refreshed 13.3-inch ENVY laptop is a handsome piece of hardware in a metal finish, but lacks the finer trimmings of the Spectre x360. It's also $200 cheaper. At 14mm thick and weighing 3.15lbs, the ENVY is now actually thicker and heavier than its predecessor but, perhaps offsetting this, a bigger battery offers up to 14 hours of battery life, equal to four more hours. It features dual speakers, a backlit keyboard, two USB 3.0 ports, and one USB Type-C port. The laptop will be available with new generation Intel Core i5 or i7 processors, up to 1TB solid state storage, and up to 16GB RAM. It will also be available with a QHD display, if customers want to add touch. The ENVY will go on sale on October 26, starting at $850. And, just ahead of Microsoft's rumored Surface all-in-one launch in the next fortnight, HP has introduced its ENVY all-in-one with a 27-inch QHD display. Its camera with IR support also enables Windows Hello. This will be available in October, starting at $1,299.99, with up to 256 GB solid state storage or a two terabyte hard disk and sixth-generation Intel i5 or i7 quad-core processors. $300 (or less) laptops for work and play SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 5 NEXT PREV Read more about the latest laptops The best Linux laptop: The 2016 Dell XPS 13 HP updates ProBook 400 series with five new business laptop models Six months with the Surface Pro 4: Patches, lappability, and battery life are key Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Samsung gives Black Friday sneak peek of laptop, Galaxy tablet deals Mobility Snapchat confidentially filed for IPO: Report Mobility Apple to offer two 5.5-inch iPhone models in 2017: Report Mobility Google launches PhotoScan for iOS, Android to turn print into digital photos × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Trending: 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: Angry at Apple 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Healthcare, retail industries give blockchain a try Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Robotics News Intel targets commercial market with company-branded Falcon 8+ drone The company is looking at drones as a new market for its chips and other technologies More like this Intel's first commercial drone lands in the U.S. 6 reasons why enterprise drones are on course FAA expected to announce rules for commercial drones this week on IDG Answers What does "used com.android.phone" on myactivity.google.com mean? Intel's Falcon 8+ drone. Credit: Intel Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments By John Ribeiro Follow IDG News Service | Oct 12, 2016 3:47 AM PT RELATED TOPICS Robotics Computer Processors IT Industry Emerging Technology Comments Intel has introduced a company-branded commercial drone, the Falcon 8+, for North American markets, with the aim to lead in the unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) market, particularly in the commercial segment. The chip maker has been looking at new opportunities for its silicon and other technologies outside its traditional markets like PCs, more so after its lackluster performance in the smartphone market. It has already dabbled in the consumer drone market through Yuneec's Typhoon H, which uses Intel's RealSense computer vision platform for intelligent obstacle navigation. Intel also introduced the Intel Aero Platform for developers to build their own drones. The opportunity for Intel is that many countries, including the U.S., are slowly liberalizing rules for the use of commercial and consumer drones. The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration announced rules in June for the commercial use of drones, but its provisions, such as a line-of-sight restriction on the use of the UAVs, fell short of industry demands for permission to fly multiple drones beyond line-of-sight under control of a single operator. Intel’s CEO Brian Krzanich heads an FAA advisory committee to advise it on policy measures going forward for the integration of unmanned aircraft systems in the national airspace. The total addressable value of drone powered applications in all applicable industries is estimated at more than $127 billion, according to a report in May by PwC. The industry with the best prospects for drone applications is infrastructure, with total addressable value of just over $45 billion, according to the study, which bases its estimate on the 2015 value of businesses and labor in each industry that may be replaced by drone-powered applications. Intel has been making a number of investments to boost its capabilities in drones. It said in January it was acquiring Ascending Technologies, a designer of drones with auto-pilot software in Krailing, Germany. Last month, the chip maker said it would acquire Movidius, a designer of low-power and high-performance SoC (system-on-a-chip) platforms for accelerating computer vision applications, which supplies chips to drone makers like DJI. The Intel Falcon 8+ builds up on the AscTec Falcon 8 from Ascending Technologies, and is the first Intel-branded commercial drone, wrote Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel’s New Technology Group, in a blog post. The V-form octocopter, with full electronic system redundancy covering batteries, communications and sensing, is outfitted for industrial inspection, surveying and mapping for professionals and experts, according to Intel. The Falcon 8+ is powered with AscTec Trinity technology, which is a triple-redundant autopilot with three redundant inertial measurement units that compensate for external influences like electromagnetic fields or strong winds. It also comes with a redesigned tablet-based mobile ground station called Intel Cockpit, with a joystick for single-handed flight control and a water-resistant user interface, and Intel Powerpack smart batteries as the power supply. The UAV, which measures 768 x 817 x 160 millimeters and has a take-off weight of 2.8 kilograms, “provides detailed images down to millimeter accuracy and gives valuable structural analysis that helps users detect and prevent further damage to infrastructure,” Walden wrote. The Intel Falcon 8+ system was announced Tuesday by the company at the 2016 INTERGEO drone conference in Hamburg. No details on pricing and availability were provided. RELATED TOPICS Robotics Computer Processors IT Industry Emerging Technology John Ribeiro — Bangalore Correspondent John Ribeiro covers outsourcing and general technology breaking news from India for the IDG News Service. The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources White Paper API Use Case White Paper BARC Paper: The Benefits of an Integrated Approach to BI and Planning White Paper Cloud Business Analytics: A Step Closer to Pervasive Adoption of Decision Support Services Video/Webcast Sponsored Data Visualizations for Mobile Users White Paper EMA Research Analytics in the Cloud Go Top Stories 3D printer owners rate the best 14 machines Online user community 3D Hubs has published its third annual 3D Printer Guide for 2017, based on... No, Twitter -- a mute button for hate speech won’t work A mute button for notifications is not much of a step toward curbing online harassment. Twitter needs... The long decline of online freedom According to Freedom House’s 2016 report, freedom on the internet is in its sixth year of decline.... First look: The 13-in MacBook Pro's Touch Bar wows The innovative new Touch Bar in the MacBook Pro brings back something that's been missing from Macs in... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Laptops Laptops News HP Spectre x360, Envy 13, Envy All-in-One Get Refreshed With New Displays and More  Shekhar Thakran, 12 October 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights All three come with 7th generation Intel Core processors Products have been made slimmer and sport new designs New Spectre x360 and Envy 13 laptops have larger batteries HP has updated its laptops Spectre x360 and Envy 13 to provide them with new designs and larger battery life. The company has also updated its 27-inch Envy All-in-One with Intel's latest processors. The company has also made all three products slimmer in order to provide more portability for laptops and more workspace in case of the 27-inch All-in-One. The updated Spectre x360 has an edge-to-edge display and now comes with a quad-speaker array. As per the company, the battery life on the updated laptop lasts for around 15 hours, around 25 percent longer than before. The laptop is already available with option of seventh-generation Intel Core i5 or a Core i7 processor. It is further available with up to 16GB of RAM and up to a 1TB SSD. The Spectre x360 starts from $1,050 (roughly Rs. 70,200). The original Spectre x360 had been launched back at CES 2016.The updated Envy 13 will be available with either a full-HD or a quad-HD display. HP claims that the new battery on the laptop, which is 28-percent larger than before, provides it a battery life of 14 hours. Just like Spectre x360, Envy 13 will also be available with seventh-generation Core i5 or Core i7 processor, with up to 16GB of RAM, and up to a 1TB SSD when it will be available later this month. The laptop will start from $849 (roughly Rs. 56,800). The original Envy 13 had been launched in October last year. The new Envy All-in-One will come with a 27-inch quad-HD IPS touchscreen. The desktop will now come with a quad-speaker sound bar and is just 15mm thick. The All-in-One will be available with the seventh-generation Core i5 or Core i7 processor and an optional an optional Nvidia GeForce GTX950M graphics card. Envy now comes with two USB 3.0 ports and a USB Type C slot. The desktop will start from $1,300 (roughly Rs. 86,900) and will be available from later this month. To recall, the original Envy All-in-One was launched back in October last year. Tags: HP Spectre X360, HP Envy 13, Envy All-in-One, Laptops, Microsoft Is Nintendo Duo the Official Name of the Nintendo NX? Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Gets 4G VoLTE Support in India via OTA Update HP Spectre x360, Envy 13, Envy All-in-One Get Refreshed With New Displays and More     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest OnePlus 3T Gionee S9 Vivo V5 Huawei Mate 9 Pro HTC Bolt Hyve Pryme Panasonic P71 Zopo Color F2 Motorola Moto M Lyf F8 Asus ZenFone 3 Max (ZC553KL) General Mobile GM5 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G Porsche Design Huawei Mate 9 Meizu Pro 6s Samsung W2017 Huawei Mate 9 Popular iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones From Gadgets 360 Shop » RDP ThinBook 1430B 14.1 I... In Laptops Buy Now Rs. 12,999Rs. 11,499 Vidyut 10.1 Inch Netbook ... In Laptops Buy Now Rs. 8,499Rs. 5,999 Panasonic Eluga Turbo In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 13,999Rs. 7,999 Yu Yureka Plus In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 12,500Rs. 6,389 OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe UPI Could Help With the Cash Crunch - So Why Is No One Using It? Akhil Arora FIFA 17 The Journey: Why, EA Sports, Why? Kunal Dua MacBook Pro 2016 Is the Touchscreen Mac You've Always Wanted Advertisement Recent Vivo Says Will Double India Manufacturing Capacity by Next Year Oxford University's First Free Open Online Course Kicks Off Next Year LeEco Secures $600 Million in Funding to Boost Electric Car Business Some Games Run Better on PS4 Than PS4 Pro, Claims Report Apple's New Design Book Has 450 Photos Chronicling 20 Years of Products Google's New AI-Based Mini-Game 'Quick Draw' Is Both Fun and Impressive Latest Transformation Helps Google Translate Become Better Than Ever Google Announces Artificial Intelligence Group for Google Cloud Microsoft Partners With Elon Musk-Backed Startup OpenAI GE Acquires Two Artificial Intelligence Startups More News TRENDING OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3: What's New and Different How to Get WhatsApp Video Calling Right Now Vivo V5 First Impressions OnePlus 3T With Snapdragon 821 SoC, 128GB Storage Launched Vivo V5 With 20-Megapixel Front Camera, Front Flash Launched in India How Much Data Does WhatsApp Video Calling Consume Compared to Other Apps? Google's New Mobile App Wants to Help Digitise Your Old Photos Microsoft Partners With Elon Musk-Backed Startup OpenAI What Is Paytm Wallet, and How to Use It? What are Micro ATMs, and Can They Help Solve the Cash Crunch? Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Circuit Breaker Tech Intel Behold, the first drone with Intel outside New, 3 comments The Falcon 8+ is an Intel-branded drone built for industrial jobs by James Vincent@jjvincent Oct 12, 2016, 5:25am EDT share tweet Linkedin AscTec Intel continues to make inroads into the drone industry, announcing this week the company's first branded drone for commercial use. The Falcon 8+ system is a complete package designed for "industrial inspection, surveying, and mapping," and is built around an octocopter manufactured by Intel subsidiary Ascending Technologies The drone's rotors are arranged in AscTec's patented V-formation, and the craft can reach speeds of up to 35 miles per hour — faster than most amateur drones. Its makers promise all sorts of features designed to appeal to professional pilots, including back-up batteries and communication systems built into the drone itself. The system also ships with the Intel Cockpit, a weatherproof controller with twin joysticks and an integrated Intel tablet, with the whole system ready to fly right out of the box. The Intel Cockpit (top) and Intel's Falcon 8+ drone (bottom). (Image credit: Intel) This is just the latest data point in the story of Intel's burgeoning drone hobby. The company acquired Ascending Technologies, a German manufacturer of commercial drones, back in January, and then later this year bought Movidius, a maker of specialized computer vision chips used by both quadcopters and Google's Project Tango. Intel also manufactures its own chips and camera systems for drones based on its RealSense tecnhnology and is a major investor in Chinese dronemaker Yuneec, the primary rival of industry behemoth DJI. That's certainly a varied list of interests, but as indicated by the Falcon 8+, it seems Intel is primarily focused on commercial applications. Unlike the hobbyist market, where DJI controls 70 percent of sales, the industrial sector is not yet dominated by any one company. DJI and Yuneec both make their own commercial drones, but so do bigger companies like Sony. Just because it's not going up against DJI, doesn't mean Intel isn't flying into some crowded skies. Source: Intel Via: Recode Next Up In Circuit Breaker You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week Seagate’s new 5TB drive is the largest portable hard drive ever This dock adds ports to your new MacBook by making it a much thicker MacBook Google’s new Wifi mesh routers are now available for preorder Apple is reportedly releasing two versions of its 5.5-inch iPhone next year Netgear's battery-powered security camera now has LTE Now Trending Google PhotoScan turns your prints into high-quality digital images The OnePlus 3T is a souped-up version of the OnePlus 3 DJI introduces Pro edition of its Phantom 4 drone This Article has a component height of 12. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Apple Tech Apple Music will stream 808 drum machine documentary first by Rich McCormick Apple has negotiated a deal with the creators of 808 — a documentary about the seminal Roland TR-808 drum machine — for exclusive streaming rights through Apple Music. The documentary will appear on Apple’s music service first, on December 9th,... Tech Facebook Now you can use Facebook Messenger in Android Auto by Rich McCormick Facebook Messenger can now integrate with Android Auto, the social network announced today, allowing users of the infotainment platform to hear and reply to messages from friends while driving their cars. In order to use the new feature, you’ll... New, 3 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week by Nick Statt@nickstatt It may be nigh impossible to purchase Nintendo’s NES Classic Edition console right this very second, with stock shortages and sell outs at Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop and many other retailers. But have hope. Once a day, for a few minutes before... New, 7 comments TL;DR Apple Web Apple’s peach emoji is back to looking like a butt by Megan Farokhmanesh@Megan_Nicolett The nerfed peach butt emoji included as part of Apple’s iOS 10.2 update is gone. As spotted today by The Next Web, the third 10.2 developer beta returns the fruit to its curvaceous glory. The peach emoji is, of course, a go-to for anyone who... Google Tech Google CEO says fake news is a problem and should not be distributed by Colin Lecher In an interview with the BBC, Google CEO Sundar Pichai made his first comments on the post-election fake news controversy, and admitted the company has made some mistakes. “We will definitely work to fix it.” "It is important to remember that we... Apps Mobile Business Snapchat just filed for its IPO by Nick Statt@nickstatt Snap Inc., the parent company of Snapchat, has filed confidentially for its initial public offering, according to a report from Bloomberg. The company is seeking to raise as much as $4 billion, which would give it a valuation of between $25... New, 13 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
null
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Black Friday Preview Deals start at 11/21 1PM PT unless otherwise specified. Email Deals Our latest email deals. Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event 32 Black Friday Deals What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU Linksys WRT3200ACM ZTE Axon 7 Talon AD7200 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1266 25 21 507 947 18 178 291 99 71 726 316 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Up Your Game with QLIPP Trending Events November's Black Tag Specials Home Safety & Security Systems Radio Controlled Tech Deals Save on Select Dyson Products For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Components >  Motherboards >  Intel Motherboards >  ASUS >  Item#: N82E16813132854 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … ASUS H110M-A/M.2 LGA 1151 Intel H110 HDMI SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 Micro ATX Motherboards - Intel Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Onboard M.2 Socket 3 for 2242/2260/2280 SSDs 5X Protection II - Advanced hardware safeguards for all-around protection DDR4 memory compatibility Fan Xpert 2+ advanced fan controls for ultimate cooling and silent performance Epic gaming audio with LED-illuminated shielding LOADING... ASUS H110M-A/M.2 LGA 1151 Intel H110 HDMI SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 Micro ATX Motherboards - Intel Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A The ASUS H110M-A/M.2 motherboard is a budget-friendly choice for your home or office PC build with reputed ASUS quality, stability, reliability, and advanced features including the latest M.2 slot. Based on the Intel H110 chipset, it supports the latest 6th generation Intel Core processor in LGA 1151 package, and comes with two DDR4 DIMMs and one PCIe x16 slot. The industry-proven 5X Protection II keeps your components safe and sound even in the harshest of conditions. The ultra-fast M.2 slot delivers up to 20Gbps bandwidth thus you can take full advantage of the latest storage technology. The epic gaming audio design enables audiophile-class sound from a PC system, bringing your music, games and movies to the next level. Dependable Stability Advanced Hardware Safeguards Industry-leading 5X Protection II employs the finest components, excellent circuit design, and exacting standards to guarantee quality and long-term durability of your motherboard with all-round protection. For you, that means exceptional protection and stability for your build — the result of decades of engineering experience from the world's leading motherboard brand. LANGuard Pumped-up throughput. 2.5X higher surge tolerance. ASUS LANGuard is hardware-level networking protection that employs signal-coupling technology and premium anti-EMI surface-mounted capacitors ensuring a more reliable connection and better throughput, plus electrostatically-guarded and surge-protected components for greater tolerance to static electricity and improved protection against surges. DRAM Overcurrent Protection Short-circuit damage prevention Onboard resettable fuses prevent overcurrent and short-circuit damage. This extends beyond I/O ports to DRAM to safeguard the lifespan of both your system and connected devices. DIGI+ VRM Precision control for stable power ASUS-exclusive DIGI+ VRM intelligently delivers power to the processor based on real-time demands, reducing energy waste and improving system stability. Stainless-Steel Back I/O Stainless-Steel Back I/O Corrosion-resistant stainless steel back I/O panels bonded with chromium oxide have a lifespan that's three times (3X) longer than ordinary panels. ESD Guards Electrostatic discharge (ESD) can happen suddenly, and its damaging effects are easily underestimated. ASUS ESD Guards are tested to very high standards, capable of up to +/- 10kV for air discharge and +/-6kV for contact discharge. ASUS employs an active protective circuit design to guard your system against electrostatic interference and damage, providing greater component longevity. Superb Performance DDR4 Support Make your memory go faster With DDR4, you'll accelerate memory frequencies up to an incredible to 2133MHz! And ASUS works with almost every DDR4 memory vendor, so you're assured of the best compatibility. Media-Acclaimed UEFI BIOS The smoothest, slickest mouse-controlled graphical BIOS has been improved to make it even more appealing. Whether you're a PC novice or a seasoned overclocker, the EZ and Advanced Modes help you find your way, quickly and easily. EZ Mode Intuitive Graphical Fan Control - Fine-tune individual fans simply by dragging a curve with the mouse. EZ XMP - Improve your DRAM performance with a click. SATA Information - View SATA port details for easy device recognition. Fast Clock Adjustment - Use mouse controls to change the time and date. Advanced Mode Last Modified Log - Track last change and save preferred profiles onto a USB drive. SATA Port Renaming - Rename SATA ports for easy identification. EZ Flash 3 Update the latest BIOS via the internet, and from within the BIOS. S.M.A.R.T Check up your storages devices' Self-Monitoring, Analysis, and Reporting Technology (S.M.A.R.T) logs to gauge reliability, and even determine if they're about to fail. Q-Fan Control You can configure the fan's operating speed manually, or use the easy pre-configured fan profiles to select Standard, Silent, Turbo, or Full Speed modes! My Favorites Quickly find tuning options and add preferred tools to the list. Ultrafast Transfer Speed M.2 With x4 PCI Express 2.0 bandwidth, M.2 supports up to 20 Gbit/s data-transfer speeds. It is the perfect choice for an operating system or application drive, making your whole PC or professional apps work as fast as possible. Instant Front-Panel USB 3.0 Experience This motherboard puts USB 3.0 right where you need it — two super-speed ports on the front panel. Experience data-transfer speeds up to 10X faster than USB 2.0 with instant plug-and-play connectivity, so no more back-breaking contortions in the hunt for hard-to-reach rear ports! Gaming Audio Gear up! Win the Battlefield Beautiful LED-illuminated trace paths brighten your build and highlight noise-isolated, precision-shielded, interference-eliminated onboard audio like you've never before experienced! LED-illuminated design - Brighten up your build with the gorgeous illuminated audio trace path. Noise Isolation - Audio shielding ensures precision analog/digital separation and greatly reduced multi-lateral interference. Separate layers for left and right tracks ensures both channels deliver consistent, equal quality. Audio Enjoyment - Premium Japanese audio capacitors provide warm, natural, and immersive sound with exceptional clarity and fidelity. Easy PC DIY Q-Slot Effortless PCI Express component removal The large winged clip is easy to reach and easy to operate. Just press the Q-Slot clip lightly, and graphics card just pop out. Installing or removing even the biggest graphics cards is no sweat! Q-DIMM Easy memory removal Even if you work with a smaller case, just push down on the one-sided clip and push or pull RAM modules in or out – couldn't be simpler! Optimized Cooling Fan Xpert Dedicated CPU and case fan controls Exclusive Fan Xpert ensures every fan achieves the best balance of cooling performance and low noise — and with the 100 series boards and their hardware-level 4-pin/3-pin PWM/DC mode for case fans, a simple BIOS adjustment lets you run your case fan in PWM/DC. Fan Xpert even includes Auto-Tuning mode to scan and detect all fan characteristics for single-click customization! Learn more about the ASUS H110M-A/M.2 Model| Brand ASUS Model H110M-A/M.2 Supported CPU| CPU Socket Type LGA 1151 CPU Type Core i7 / i5 / i3 / Pentium / Celeron (LGA1151) Supported CPU Technologies Turbo Boost Technology 2.0 Chipsets| Chipset Intel H110 Onboard Video| Onboard Video Chipset Integrated Graphics Processor - Intel HD Graphics support Multi-VGA output support: HDMI/DVI-D/RGB ports - Supports HDMI with max. resolution 4096 x 2160 @ 24 Hz / 2560 x 1600 @ 60 Hz - Supports DVI-D with max. resolution 1920 x 1200 @ 60 Hz - Supports RGB with max. resolution 1920 x 1200 @ 60 Hz Maximum shared memory of 1024MB Supports up to 2 displays simultaneously Memory| Number of Memory Slots 2×288pin Memory Standard DDR4 2133 Maximum Memory Supported 32GB Expansion Slots| PCI Express 3.0 x16 1 x PCIe 3.0/2.0 x16 (x16 mode) PCI Express x1 2 x PCIe 2.0 x1 Storage Devices| SATA 6Gb/s 4 x SATA 6Gb/s M.2 1 x M.2 Socket 3, with M key, type 2242/2260/2280 storage devices support (both SATA & PCIE mode) Onboard Audio| Audio Chipset Realtek ALC887 Audio Channels 8 Channels Onboard LAN| LAN Chipset Intel I219-V Rear Panel Ports| PS/2 1 x PS/2 keyboard (purple) 1 x PS/2 mouse (green) Video Ports 1 x DVI-D 1 x D-Sub HDMI 1 x HDMI RJ45 1 x RJ45 USB 3.0 2 x USB 3.0 (blue) USB 1.1/2.0 4 x USB 2.0 Audio Ports 3 Ports Internal I/O Connectors| Onboard USB 1 x USB 3.0 connector(s) support(s) additional 2 USB 3.0 port(s) 1 x USB 2.0 connector(s) support(s) additional 2 USB 2.0 port(s) Other Connectors 1 x COM port(s) connector(s) 1 x CPU Fan connector(s) (1 x 4-pin) 1 x Chassis Fan connector(s) (1 x 4-pin) 1 x S/PDIF out header(s) 1 x 24-pin EATX Power connector(s) 1 x 4-pin ATX 12V Power connector(s) 1 x Front panel audio connector(s) (AAFP) 1 x Clear CMOS jumper(s) 1 x System panel connector Physical Spec| Form Factor Micro ATX Dimensions (W x L) 8.9" x 7.3" Power Pin 24 Pin Features| Features Special Features: ASUS 5X Protection II: - ASUS LANGuard - 2.5X higher surge tolerance - ASUS DIGI+ VRM - 5 Phase digital power design - ASUS DRAM Overcurrent Protection - Prevents damage from short circuits - ASUS Stainless-Steel Back I/O - 3X corrosion-resistance for greater durability - ASUS ESD Guards - Electrostatic discharge protection ASUS EPU: - EPU ASUS Exclusive Features: - AI Suite 3 - Ai Charger - Low EMI Solution - USB 3.0 Boost - Mobo Connect - PC Cleaner ASUS Quiet Thermal Solution: - Stylish Fanless Design Heat-sink solution - ASUS Fan Xpert ASUS EZ DIY: - ASUS CrashFree BIOS 3 - ASUS EZ Flash 3 - ASUS UEFI BIOS EZ Mode - Push Notice ASUS Q-Design: - ASUS Q-Slot - ASUS Q-DIMM Operating System Support: Windows 10, 64bit Windows 8.1, 64bit Windows 7, 32bit/64bit *3 *3: Please refer to ASUS website and download "Windows 7 installation guide" and "ASUS EZ installer" to install Windows 7. BIOS: 128MB Flash ROM, UEFI AMI BIOS, PnP, DMI 3.0, WfM2.0, SM BIOS 3.0, ACPI 5.0, Multi-language BIOS, ASUS EZ Flash 3, ASUS CrashFree BIOS 3, My Favorites, Quick Note, Last Modified Log, F12 PrintScreen function, and ASUS DRAM SPD (Serial Presence Detect) memory information Manageability: WfM 2.0, DMI 3.0, WOL by PME, PXE Support Disc: Drivers ASUS Utilities ASUS EZ Update Anti-virus software (OEM version) Packaging| Package Contents Accessories: User's manual I/O Shield 2 x SATA 3Gb/s cable(s) 1 x M.2 Screw Package 1 x Supporting DVD Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 3 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 3 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.asus.com/| Support Phone: 1-510-739-3777 Support Website| View other products from ASUS Return Policies We want to ensure your holiday shopping this year is hassle-free. That’s why we’re automatically extending our return policies on almost every product! For purchases placed between November 1, 2016 and December 24, 2016 you will have until January 31, 2017 to return your product. There's nothing additional that you have to do! Return for refund until: January 31, 2017 Return for replacement until: January 31, 2017 This item is covered by Newegg.com's Extended Holiday Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset compare Receive a USD $10 prepaid card by mail from ASUS! Offer expires on 11/30/16. Limit 1 per household Print Rebate Form Best Service Sellers BuyVPC.com Sold and Shipped by: BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: ASUS H110M-A/M.2 LGA 1151 Intel H110 HDMI SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 Micro ATX Motherboards - Intel Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (1,158) Ships from United States. antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: ASUS H110M-A/M.2 LGA 1151 Intel H110 HDMI SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 Micro ATX Motherboards - Intel Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (9,959) Ships from United States. PC Rush Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: ASUS H110M-A/M.2 LGA 1151 Intel H110 HDMI SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 Micro ATX Motherboards - Intel Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (2,256) Ships from United States. HPP ENTERPRISES Sold and Shipped by: HPP ENTERPRISES Ask HPP ENTERPRISES about: ASUS H110M-A/M.2 LGA 1151 Intel H110 HDMI SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 Micro ATX Motherboards - Intel Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (727) Ships from United States. NothingButSavings.com Sold and Shipped by: NothingButSavings.com Ask NothingButSavings.com about: ASUS H110M-A/M.2 LGA 1151 Intel H110 HDMI SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 Micro ATX Motherboards - Intel Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (681) Ships from United States. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $59.00 plus shipping Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Get Educated Make informed decisions with expert advice. Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get: Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees Learn More | Sign-in Condition Guidelines The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2016 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Intel is launching its own drone, designed for industrial jobs Re/code 12/10/2016 April Glaser © Provided by Vox Media, Inc. Intel has unveiled its first fully Intel-branded drone, dubbed the Falcon 8+. It’s designed for industrial jobs, like on big construction sites where it might take a human hours to walk around to complete a field inspection. The Falcon 8+ weighs only six pounds and flies faster than most hobby drones on the market, able to reach speeds up to 35 miles per hour. This isn’t Intel’s first foray into drones. The company partnered with Ascending Technologies, which it later acquired, to refine its 360-degree depth-perception cameras for collision avoidance. The cameras are now used in the commercial AscTec Falcon 8, the predecessor to Intel’s 8+, as well as Yuneec’s Typhoon H drone, which is also intended for commercial or professional hobbyist drone pilots. The drone is controlled with a waterproof cockpit equipped with a joystick and tablet, which is much more robust than consumer drones that interface with smartphones. Unlike with hobbyist drones, where DJI already accounts for 70 percent of the market, the commercial and industrial drone scene doesn’t yet have a single dominant drone maker. 3DR, which once touted itself as the leading drone company in the U.S., is now completely switching to building drones for commercial applications. And other drone makers, like Yuneec, Kespry and DJI all have commercial-grade offerings, too. It may feel odd to see Intel not just churning out chips and microprocessors anymore, but the company has been hard at work building all kinds of gadgets in recent years besides drone technology. In 2014 Intel acquired Basis Science and released a smartwatch with the company, but that watch was recalled this August after several accounts of the wearable burning people’s wrists. And the same month, Intel shared its new virtual reality headset, Project Alloy, but no shipping date has been announced. Intel never became as dominant a player in the smartphone game as it is in home computer components. But with home computer sales in a steady decline in recent years, the company has been looking for ways into new devices, and one way to do that is to put its brand on new products to advertise its technology — in this case, not only to consumers but other drone makers, too. Amazon and Google have been branding their own consumer products as well. Still, full hardware systems aren’t what Intel is known for. And if its complete ready-to-fly drone doesn’t take off, the company may still find its depth-sensor technology inside other drone makers’ machines, and that’s not a bad position to be in. Here’s a video of Intel’s collision avoidance system helping a drone navigate through a wooded forest. Go to MSN Home More in News Iraqis travel on UK taxpayers' money for proof against war veterans The Telegraph Assad says Trump could be 'natural ally' Sky News 'I went to every fish fry': Obama's veiled swipe at Clinton's campaign The Telegraph Merkel suggests she is willing to compromise on free movement The Telegraph Mayor 'quits' after outcry over racist comment on Michelle Obama Reuters Permanent memorials for Croydon tram crash victims Evening Standard Up Next Supreme court judge hints at legal hitch that could seriously delay Brexit The Guardian More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More from Re/code This is Jamboard, Google’s new 4K digital whiteboard Re/code Elon Musk says all Teslas will now be built to be fully self-driving Re/code Apple plans to launch new Macs at an October 27 event Re/code Apple has hired a big brain in AI to make Siri less dumb Re/code Re/code View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 2:33 A.M. ET Delta Lloyd cost cuts on track; ups savings traget 2:32 A.M. ET Aggreko confident of profit despite oil market 2:31 A.M. ET Barratt sales in London lag, but order book is up 2:30 A.M. ET Bouygues profit beats views on telecom unit boost 2:29 A.M. ET Total SA creates bioplastics JV with Corbion 2:28 A.M. ET GSK at fault for couple's time in China jail: suit 2:26 A.M. ET Reports of iPhone glitch investigated in China 2:25 A.M. ET VW, Audi may face higher emission suit costs 2:24 A.M. ET Deutsche Bank shrinks U.S. entity to meet EU rules 1:12 A.M. ET Australia wage growth falls to record low 1:09 A.M. ET Dollar’s march higher takes a break as investors wonder if it’s gone too far 12:51 A.M. ET Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits 11/15 Updated Asian stocks peek higher, led by financials 11/15 Walgreens says Theranos voided 11.3% of its customers’ blood tests 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses Ideological Divides Among Black Americans 11/15 Want a cheaper fare on United? It’ll cost you the overhead bin 11/15 Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses New PBS TV Series 11/15 Updated SEC boss Mary Jo White should be stepping up the fight, not stepping down 11/15 Updated 5 reasons why it’s too early for investors to stop worrying about President Trump Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until London Markets Open Asia Markets Currencies US Market Snapshot Home Press Release HP Inc. Innovates Its Premium Consumer Portfolio for Holiday By Published: Oct 12, 2016 12:01 a.m. ET Share PALO ALTO, CA, Oct 12, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- Latest Convertible, Laptop and All-in-One Raise the Bar in Design, Quality and Performance PALO ALTO, CA--(Marketwired - Oct 12, 2016) - HP Inc. HPQ, -1.43% News Highlights: Bolsters premium PC portfolio with focus on design, quality and performance. Thin and light laptops with longer battery life exude quality materials and features. Stunning all-in-one and display deliver cinematic experiences in the home. HP Inc. today unveiled its latest generation premium consumer PC line-up for the 2016 holidays. The next generation portfolio features a thinner and lighter convertible with better battery life for portability and a beautifully designed all-in-one to bring amazing sound experiences into the home. The premium portfolio is built to address customers' need for devices that inspire and excite. Whether for within the home or on the go, the HP Premium products have become the gold standard for what customers expect from their computing experience. New products debuting today include: HP Spectre x360, the second generation of HP's revolutionary x360 convertible now features a near zero border display in a design that is 13 percent thinner and 11 percent lighter. HP ENVY laptop offers a sophisticated design offering up to 14 hours of battery life1, four more than the previous model. HP ENVY AIO 27 combines computing power with media experiences that features a near borderless Technicolor Color Certified HD display that floats over an integrated four speaker sound bar tuned by Bang & Olufsen. HP ENVY 27 Display a feature-rich 4K IPS display2 with a micro-edge bezel design for dual display set-ups. "Premium customers have high expectations around device performance and quality for consuming media and productivity whether at home, work or on the go," said Kevin Frost, vice president and general manager, consumer personal systems, HP Inc. "We are strengthening our leadership in premium with our redesigned PC portfolio to deliver big power in thin and light designs to be even more portable and revolutionize our all-in-one to bring amazing sound into the home." HP Spectre x360 delivers powerful performance in sleek package HP has taken its most successful premium laptop PC and made it even better. The Spectre x360 now achieves 25 percent more hours of battery life with up to 15 hours.1 This was accomplished by optimizing the PC for the latest 7th Generation Intel® Core™ processors and fitting a larger 57.8W battery in the thinner design. The new micro-edge display bezel design reduces the overall footprint by eliminating almost 10mm from each side of the screen to provide a beautiful viewing experience for improved portability. With a new hinge design, it is 13.8mm thin, over 2mm thinner than the previous generation and is lighter at 2.85lbs3 compared to 3.2lbs. The PC now includes four speakers instead of two to deliver crisp audio. Thanks to tuning by Bang & Olufsen plus HP Audio Boost, the two forward facing speakers in addition to two on the bottom provide superb sound in every mode. The new Spectre x360 features great connectivity with two USB-Type C™ ports with Thunderbolt™ 3 support and a USB-Type A 3.0 port allowing users to connect the latest peripherals both today and tomorrow. The bright display boasts a 13.3-inch diagonal FHD IPS4 panel that delivers great viewing experiences. The Natural Silver color with polished accents on the hinges creates the sleek profile customers crave. Other features include: The new dual fan design optimizes thermals to ensure the device runs cool during demanding activities 7th Generation Intel® Core™ i5 or i7 processors5 Options with up to a 1TB PCIe SSD6 for fast performance and plenty of space to store high resolution videos and photos HP TrueVision FHD Webcam with 12% wider field of view, great for web chats. A FHD IR camera supports Windows Hello7 Facial Log-In for secure, easy log in without typing a password. HP Fast Charge to recharge the batteries to 90 percent capacity in just 90 minutes8 HP ENVY Laptop is powerful in a thin and light design Designed for the customer who wants premium laptop at an affordable price, the HP ENVY combines beauty and power with refined metal materials and slim lines offered in Natural Silver. The new 13.3" diagonal HP ENVY laptop packs four more hours of battery life up to 14 hours1 compared to last year's model. At only 14mm and 3.15lbs3, the new HP ENVY is slightly thicker and heavier than the previous generation, but now boasts a larger battery and the latest generation Intel® Core™ processors for big power on the go. An elevated hinge design provides a more comfortable typing experience coupled with a backlit keyboard for working in low light and an extra-wide glass touchpad for less resistance. The optional edge-to-edge flush glass display offers vivid visuals for movies and games with a QHD+9 and UHD2 panels. Customers can also choose a FHD4 panel or add touch with the QHD+9 display option. Dual firing speakers, with audio expertly tuned by Bang & Olufsen plus HP Audio Boost Technology offer amazing sound to amplify movies and music. Other features include: Two USB 3.0 ports, including one dedicated to sleep and charge, and one USB Type-C™ port 7th Generation Intel® Core™ i5 and i7 processors5 Up to a 1TB SSD6 PCIe provides fast response times when opening or moving large files Up to 16GB RAM HP Fast Charge up to 90 percent in 90 minutes8 HP ENVY AIO 27 looks great in any room, delivers cinematic experiences The HP ENVY AIO 27 offers a simple yet sophisticated design that makes it look great in any room in the house. By moving the computing power into the base, the two volume design reduces the display thickness by 44 percent for a 15mm thin, beautiful 27-inch diagonal QHD9 display. The base includes an innovative sound bar with four speakers expertly tuned by Bang & Olufsen to provide theatre-like sound quality and an audio dial that allows for easy touch control. The 3.6 million pixel screen resolution with Technicolor Color Certification helps ensure high accuracy colors when watching videos or creating and editing content. This is HP's first all-in-one display to feature low blue light mode for improved eye comfort and a better night's sleep. To safeguard privacy, the ENVY AIO 27 offers a HP Privacy Camera with IR support and a microphone that is hidden when not in use. Other features include: Powerful processing options available, including 6th Generation Intel® Core™ i5 and i7 quad-core desktop5 Optional discrete NVIDIA GTX 950M graphics card with 4GB GDDR5 video for blazing fast 3D gaming performance Hybrid storage options include up to a 256GB SSD6 and 2TB HDD6 to give customers faster performance and plenty of storage for digital media collections USB Type-C™ port with Thunderbolt™ 3 support HDMI-out to connect to a second monitor or to project to a TV HDMI-in port for connecting a laptop to take advantage of the ENYV AIO 27's beautiful display HP ENVY Display brings vibrant, 4k images to prosumers The HP ENVY 27 Display leverages a contemporary design featuring a thin aluminum stand that enhances the floating display experience of the 27-inch diagonal 4K IPS2 panel with a micro-edge bezel. AMD FreeSync™10 support reduces the image tears and stutters. Its sRGB color accuracy exceeds 99 percent, making sure today's 4K content look breathtaking. The versatile connectivity includes Display Port™, HDMI and USB-C™, which can also charge your PC or mobile device with up to 60 watts of power. Pricing and Availability11 The HP Spectre x360 is expected to be available October 12, 2016. HP.com and BesBuy.com starting price at $1,049.99. The HP ENVY Laptop is expected to be available on HP.com and select retailers on October 26, 2016 starting at $849.99. The HP ENVY All-In-One 27 is expected to be available on HP.com and select retailers in October 2016 starting at $1,299.99. The HP ENVY 27 Display is expected to be available on HP.com and select retailers on December 4, 2016 starting at $499.99. About HP HP Inc. creates technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere. Through our portfolio of printers, PCs, mobile devices, solutions, and services, we engineer experiences that amaze. More information about HP Inc. is available at http://www.hp.com. (1) Windows 10/ MM14 battery life will vary depending on various factors including product model, configuration, loaded applications, features, use, wireless functionality, and power management settings. The maximum capacity of the battery will naturally decrease with time and usage. See www.bapco.com for additional details. (2) 4K Ultra High-definition (HD) content required to view 4K Ultra HD images. (3) Weight will vary by configuration. (4) Full high-definition (FHD) content required to view FHD images. (5) Multi-core is designed to improve performance of certain software products. Not all customers or software applications will necessarily benefit from use of this technology. Performance and clock frequency will vary depending on application workload and your hardware and software configurations. Intel's numbering is not a measurement of higher performance. (6) For storage drives, GB = 1 billion bytes. TB = 1 trillion bytes. Actual formatted capacity is less. Up to 35GB of hard drive is reserved for system recovery software. (7) Some features including Windows Hello require more advanced hardware. See www.hp.com/go/windows10upgrade and www.windows.com/windows10upgrade. Pre-release product shown, subject to change. Apps sold separately. (8) Recharges your battery up to 90% within 90 minutes when the system is off (using "shut down" command). Recommended for use with the HP adapter provided with the notebook, not recommended with a smaller capacity battery charger. After charging has reached 90% capacity, charging speed will return to normal speed. Available on select models. (9) Quad High-definition (QHD) content required to view QHD images. (10) FreeSync is an AMD technology is enabled on FHD displays and is designed to eliminate stuttering and/or tearing in games and videos by locking a display's refresh rate to the framerate of the graphics card. Monitor, AMD Radeon™ Graphics and/or AMD A-Series APU compliant with DisplayPort™ Adaptive-Sync required. AMD Catalyst™ 15.2 Beta (or newer) required. Adaptive refresh rates vary by display. (11) Estimated U.S. street prices. Actual prices may vary. Intel and Intel Core are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. USB Type-C™ and USB-C™ are trademarks of USB Implementers Forum. NVIDIA, GeForce, Surround, and the NVIDIA logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. DisplayPort™ and the DisplayPort™ logo are trademarks owned by the Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA®) in the United States and other countries. Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. If the risks or uncertainties ever materialize or the assumptions prove incorrect, the results of HP Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries ("HP") may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and assumptions. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including but not limited to any projections of net revenue, margins, expenses, effective tax rates, net earnings, net earnings per share, cash flows, benefit plan funding, deferred tax assets, share repurchases, currency exchange rates or other financial items; any projections of the amount, timing or impact of cost savings or restructuring and other charges; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations, including the execution of restructuring plans and any resulting cost savings, revenue or profitability improvements; any statements concerning the expected development, performance, market share or competitive performance relating to products or services; any statements regarding current or future macroeconomic trends or events and the impact of those trends and events on HP and its financial performance; any statements regarding pending investigations, claims or disputes; any statements of expectation or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Risks, uncertainties and assumptions include the need to address the many challenges facing HP's businesses; the competitive pressures faced by HP's businesses; risks associated with executing HP's strategy; the impact of macroeconomic and geopolitical trends and events; the need to manage third-party suppliers and the distribution of HP's products and the delivery of HP's services effectively; the protection of HP's intellectual property assets, including intellectual property licensed from third parties; risks associated with HP's international operations; the development and transition of new products and services and the enhancement of existing products and services to meet customer needs and respond to emerging technological trends; the execution and performance of contracts by HP and its suppliers, customers, clients and partners; the hiring and retention of key employees; integration and other risks associated with business combination and investment transactions; the results of the restructuring plans, including estimates and assumptions related to the cost (including any possible disruption of HP's business) and the anticipated benefits of the restructuring plans; the resolution of pending investigations, claims and disputes; and other risks that are described in HP's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2015, HP's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended January 31, 2016, April 30, 2016 and July 31, 2016, and HP's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. HP assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements. HP's Investor Relations website at http://www.hp.com/investor/home contains a significant amount of information about HP, including financial and other information for investors. HP encourages investors to visit its website from time to time, as information is updated and new information is posted. © 2016 HP Inc. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. The only warranties for HP Inc. products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. HP Inc. shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3066433 Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3066446 Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3066449 Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3066452 � 2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found HP Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HPQ $15.87 -0.23 (-1.43%) Volume 14.0M Open $15.96 High $16.07 Low $15.82 P/E Ratio 8.49 Div Yield 3.34 Market Cap 27.5B LatestNews


null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Micron Technology Inc. vs. Qualcomm Inc Is either chipmaker still worth buying after their double-digit rallies this year? Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Oct 13, 2016 at 3:23PM Memory chipmaker Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU) and mobile chipmaker Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) have respectively rallied 19% and 31% this year, easily outperforming the Nasdaq's 4% gain. Those gains were surprising, since both chipmakers faced major headwinds last year -- Micron was hit by plummeting memory prices, and Qualcomm was losing market share in mobile chips. Let's discuss why both chipmakers bounced back, and whether or not either chipmaker is a worthy buy at current prices. Image source: Pixabay. Understanding Micron and Qualcomm's challenges Micron ranks fourth in the global NAND market after Samsung, Toshiba, and Western Digital's SanDisk -- in that order. It ranks third in the mobile DRAM market after Samsung and SK Hynix. This ongoing competition from larger rivals has traditionally been tough on Micron's margins. Meanwhile, an oversupply of flash memory has reduced average selling prices, and the integration costs of its manufacturing processes at its combined Elpida and Micron fabs has further weighed on its bottom line. Qualcomm is the world's largest maker of mobile system on chips (SoCs), which bundle application processors, baseband modems, GPUs, and other features onto a single chip. Qualcomm generates most of its revenue from this business, but cheaper rivals like MediaTek and first-party chipmakers like Samsung and Huawei have reduced its market share. Qualcomm generates most of its earnings from its higher-margin patent licensing business, which takes a 3% to 5% cut of the wholesale price of every smartphone sold worldwide. However, that business has been under pressure due to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and regulators demanding lower fees to compensate for the plunging margins on mobile device sales. Image source: Qualcomm. Evaluating the potential catalysts Micron is trying to widen its competitive moat by developing faster memory technologies, like 3D NAND and 3DXPoint, with its longtime partner Intel. Intel, which abandoned its own DRAM efforts in 1985 amid tough competition, is frequently cited as a potential suitor for Micron, which has an enterprise value of $23 billion. The main near-term catalyst for Micron would be the tightening of DRAM and NAND supplies across the market, which would boost average selling prices. Recent comments from HP CEO Dion Weisler about component shortages and a DigiTimes article -- which claimed that DRAM spot prices had hit a seven-month high in September -- support that bullish thesis. As a result, analysts expect Micron's revenue to rise 21% this year and another 6% next year. Qualcomm is diversifying its chipmaking business into adjacent markets like connected cars, drones, wearables, smart home appliances and other Internet of Things (IoT) gadgets. To achieve that, it acquired IoT chipmaker CSR for $2.4 billion last year, launched custom SoCs for specific devices like wearables and drones, and might even buy NXP Semiconductors -- the biggest automotive chipmaker in the world -- for over $30 billion. As for the licensing business, Qualcomm has been securing new licensing contracts with deadbeat OEMs (mainly in China), which underreported shipments to pay lower fees. The acquisition of CSR, potential purchase of NXP, and its own research and development should also expand its patent portfolio to cover adjacent markets, thus reducing the segment's overall dependence on smartphones. These moves are encouraging, but analysts still believe that Qualcomm's revenue will fall 8% this year before rebounding 2% next year. Profit growth and valuations Micron has posted negative earnings for three consecutive quarters, but rising memory prices are expected to lift it back to profitability, with earnings of $0.19 per share this quarter. Micron's annual earnings are expected to rise from $0.06 in 2015 to $1.17 in 2016, and rise another 50% in 2017. Those growth estimates make Micron's forward price-to-earnings ratio of 15 look fairly cheap. Qualcomm remains highly profitable, but the pricing pressures at its chipmaking business and its licensing woes could cause its earnings to fall 8% this year. However, Qualcomm's new flagship chipsets, its expansion into adjacent markets, broadening patent portfolio, and resolved licensing conflicts are expected to boost earnings by 10% in 2017. That rebound is encouraging, but the growth rate remains lower than its forward P/E of 14 -- indicating that the stock isn't that cheap. But if Qualcomm buys NXP, its chipmaking margins could improve as it scales up. Micron doesn't pay a dividend, but Qualcomm pays a forward yield of 3.2%, which is easily supported by its trailing-12-month payout ratio of 57%. That dividend, which has been hiked for 13 consecutive years, should limit the stock's downside during market downturns. The winner: Micron I own shares of Qualcomm and believe that it's a solid long-term investment, but Micron looks better at current prices. Its top and bottom lines could grow much faster, thanks to tightening NAND and DRAM supplies and rising prices, and its valuation indicates its potential growth hasn't been fully priced in yet. Qualcomm is a reliable income play, but it could take a much longer time for its expansion into adjacent markets to pay off. Leo Sun owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends NXP Semiconductors and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of Western Digital. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Oct 13, 2016 at 3:23PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $66.77 up $0.84 (1.27%) Micron Technology NASDAQ:MU $18.10 up $0.39 (2.20%) Read More Better Buy: Qualcomm Inc or Texas Instruments Inc? Qualcomm, Inc. Is Buying NXP Semiconductors, NV: What You Need to Know Despite Improving Conditions, Micron Has Trouble Producing Profits 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 4 Signs NVIDIA's High-Growth Days Are Over Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Trying Out Ubuntu GNOME 16.10, Wayland Session Not So Great Written by Michael Larabel in Ubuntu on 13 October 2016 at 12:04 PM EDT. 22 Comments With today's Ubuntu 16.10 release one of the exciting spins we've been looking forward to is Ubuntu GNOME 16.10, which has an experimental Wayland session available but is not the default. I spent a few minutes trying out Ubuntu GNOME 16.10 this morning. Ubuntu GNOME 16.10 ships with gnome-session-wayland installed by default so you can easily log-in to the Wayland-based session from the login manager, but it's not used by default -- Ubuntu GNOME 16.10 still defaults to the X.Org Server session. Of Phoronix readers, there's been a few reports of not being able to login to the GNOME Wayland session. On a clean install of Ubuntu GNOME 16.10 with an Intel Skylake system, I ran into no problems logging into the session, seems users are having a problem with LightDM/SSDM. While I was able to start the GNOME Wayland session, right away I realized my mouse cursor wasn't working... Keyboard input was working fine, but no cursor. Strange as I've used this same exact Intel Skylake desktop on Fedora with Wayland and other Wayland test scenarios before, even with the Mir Unity 8 experimental testing too. I can navigate to benchmarking via the Phoronix Test Suite with just the keyboard, but unfortunately, none of the graphics tests would run. They wouldn't work either over XWayland or for the SDL2 tests when setting SDL_VIDEODRIVER=wayland. So I wasn't able to run any GNOME Wayland vs. X.Org benchmarks on Ubuntu GNOME 16.10. So long story short, the Wayland session on Ubuntu GNOME 16.10 isn't as well-baked as what can be found on the upcoming Fedora 25 where it's using Wayland by default or even with the current Fedora 24 release when opting to use the GNOME Wayland session. But outside of the Wayland session, the GNOME 3.20~3.22 stack on Ubuntu GNOME 16.10 has been working out fairly well: Those wishing to try out the latest Ubuntu GNOME spin can download it from UbuntuGNOME.org or specifically here. 22 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Ubuntu News Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now The Current RadeonSI Benefits Of Switching To Mesa 13.1-dev Git On Ubuntu 16.10 Ubuntu Budgie Becomes An Official Flavor Mythbuntu Linux Distribution Discontinued Ubuntu Core 16 Released Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Sign in Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Sign in / Join SIGNUP TO BREAKING NEWS ALERTS LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password THISDAYLIVE Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Home Business Diamond, HP, Microsoft others Partner to Drive SMEs Diamond, HP, Microsoft others Partner to Drive SMEs October 13, 2016 0 616 Diamond Bank Emma Okonji Diamond Bank has collaborated with Hewlett Packard (HP), Microsoft, Intel and tMTN, to drive Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) business in Nigeria. Speaking at the event, which held in Lagos, Head, Emerging Businesses at Diamond Bank, Mrs. Njideka Esomeju, described technology as a catalyst for driving Small and Medium Enterprises in the country. She said that though there were challenges being faced in the course of operating small businesses, technology has played a key role in ensuring small businesses thrive, especially during the current economic recession. According to her “With the Diamond Mobile POS, you can conveniently make payments for goods and services using your debit, credit or prepaid cards. We are pleased to introduce to you the latest innovation in electronic payment-Diamond Mobile POS. A miniature version of the conventional POS terminal, the Diamond Mobile POS works on any internet enabled smart phone or tablet.” She added that with mPOS, merchants are guaranteed speed, increased safety and reliability in payment settlement when they use their debit, credit and prepaid cards. “The device is offered at no cost to merchants, stronger network connectivity, even in remote areas, accept all cards, generate e-receipts and provide inventory management services because we have realised that with our solution, technology is the way to go,” she said. The Lead, SME Customers Marketing, Microsoft Nigeria, Mr. Adeniyi Adebote, said technology would help accelerate small businesses in the country, adding that business owners do not need to have an office before using technology to grow their businesses. He said that Microsoft’s Cloud connectivity would enable customers to have their information secured, stressing that no customer’s information could be given out without his/her prior consent. “Technology can be a major differentiator for your business but it can seem daunting when you look across your IT-from server to the cloud, PCs to mobile devices-to know where you should start and how you can transition from what you have now to your new version. This is where Microsoft and its ecosystem of partner experts provide something different-offering a unique approach for making the benefits of modern technology a reality. “With Microsoft, you can choose your own PTH to modern with flexible, familiar and trusted solutions for your business- whether by growing with greater efficiency, protecting your data or empowering your mobile workforce,” Adebote said. Intel’s Business Development Manager, Mrs. Folake Oyekanmi, said differentiation was the key to accelerate businesses through technology. According to her, “Differentiation is the key to acceleration your businesses and this can be done through technology. We want to ensure that every SMEs in Nigeria can compete with others throughout the world. You must pick a right PC. Intel has given you that technology that enables you to connect to technology to grow your businesses. We are trying to bridge the gap of women to be able to use technology.” ITrade Marketing Manager, Printing and Personal Systems, HP, Mrs. Omotayo Omodia, stated that business has been moved from being manual to digitally connected world because, “one thing that is germane is that you need a device to be able to connect to advertise your businesses.” Previous articleEtisalat Boosts Customer Experience with 4G LTE Next articleNITDA to Showcase 16 Teams at GITEX Startup Innovation Event Online Editor RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Business CBN: Heritage Bank Not Distressed Business NAC Disburses N13bn to Automotive Companies Business Poll: Nigeria’s Agricultural Sector Dominated by Subsistence Farming 848,965FansLike 670,212FollowersFollow Latest News Dasuki Declines Govt’s Offer of Temporary Release to Bury His Dad November 16, 2016 Another Commanding Officer, Eight Soldiers Killed in Boko Haram Ambush November 16, 2016 Senate Returns List of Non-career Ambassadorial Nominees, Clears Career Diplomats November 16, 2016 New Survey Says Thousands of Kids Dying in North-east November 16, 2016 Creating Opportunities, Rethinking STEM Education November 16, 2016 THISDAY Today (Download) Download Tuesday 15th November 2016 November 16, 2016 0 Recent Comments Omooba Adekunle Orafidiya on Another Commanding Officer, Eight Soldiers Killed in Boko Haram Ambush rayden on America’s Different Election ficus on Another Commanding Officer, Eight Soldiers Killed in Boko Haram Ambush Shehu on We’re Gonna Make America Great Again OJONG AYAMBEM on FG, N’Delta Parley in Disarray as ‘Avengers’ Bomb Agip, Oando, Shell Trunklines THISDAY STYLE LAWYER ‘I haven’t failed’ against Boko Haram Nigeria Al Jazeera: Muhammadu Buhari: ‘I haven’t failed’ against Boko Haram March 6, 2016 22 MOST COMMENTED Nigeria WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 403 Davidson Iriekpen President Muhammadu Buhari has appealed the ruling of Justice Adeniyi Ademola of the Federal High Court in Abuja who on May 26, 2016... Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 LATEST Dasuki Declines Govt’s Offer of Temporary Release to Bury His Dad November 16, 2016 Another Commanding Officer, Eight Soldiers Killed in Boko Haram Ambush November 16, 2016 Senate Returns List of Non-career Ambassadorial Nominees, Clears Career Diplomats November 16, 2016 New Survey Says Thousands of Kids Dying in North-east November 16, 2016 Creating Opportunities, Rethinking STEM Education November 16, 2016 MOST COMMENTED WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 403 Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 ABOUT USFounded on January 22, 1995, THISDAY is published by THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD., 35 Creek Road Apapa, Lagos, Nigeria with offices in 36 states of Nigeria , the Federal Capital Territory and around the world. It is Nigeria's most authoritative news media available on all platforms for the political, business, professional and diplomatic elite and broader middle classes while serving as the meeting point of new ideas, culture and technology for the aspirationals and millennials. The newspaper is a public trust dedicated to the pursuit of truth and reason covering a range of issues from breaking news to politics, business, the markets, the arts, sports and community to the crossroads of people and society. Contact us: hello@thisdaylive.com FOLLOW US About Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD.
MyNewMarkets.com Claims Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management Featured Stories North Carolina Voters Oust Goodwin Washington Re-Elects Kreidler News Markets Jobs Front Page National International Most Popular Magazine Forums Blogs Videos/Podcasts Newsletters News Most Popular National International East Midwest South Central Southeast West Topics P&C Companies Agents & Brokers Government Markets/Coverages Operations Claims More Topics Magazines East Midwest South Central Southeast West Subscribe Research Directories Jobs Sales Marketing Management Finance Claims Underwriting Other Features Events Forums Buyers Guide Insurance Twitter Market Directories Ad Showcase Quotes Polls Subscribe Using Big Data to Predict Terrorist Acts Amid Privacy Concerns By Chris Strohm | October 13, 2016 Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Article 4 Comments Before Ahmad Khan Rahami planted bombs in New York and New Jersey, he bought bomb-making materials on eBay, linked to jihad-related videos from his public social-media account and was looked into by law enforcement agents, according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. If only the authorities had connected the dots. That challenge — mining billions of bits of information and crunching the data to find crucial clues — is behind a push by U.S. intelligence and law enforcement agencies to harness “big data” to predict crimes, terrorist acts and social upheaval before they happen. The market for such “predictive analytics” technology is estimated to reach $9.2 billion by 2020, up from $3 billion in 2015, according to research firm MarketsandMarkets. It’s the stuff of a science-fiction movie like “Minority Report,” in which Tom Cruise played a Washington cop who used technology to arrest people before they carried out crimes. It’s also a red flag for privacy advocates already fighting U.S. spy programs exposed by Edward Snowden and the FBI’s demands that Apple Inc. help it hack into encrypted mobile phones. The idea is to make sense of the vast and disparate streams of data from sources including social media, GPS devices, video feeds from street cameras and license-plate readers, travel and credit-card records and the news media, as well as government and propriety systems. ‘Fundamental Fuel’ “Data is going to be the fundamental fuel for national security in this century,” William Roper, director of the Defense Department’s strategic capabilities office, said at a conference in Washington last month. For the first time, the White House released a strategic plan on Wednesday to advance research and development of artificial intelligence technology, including to predict incidents that may be dangerous to public safety. Weeks before Rahami allegedly carried out the attacks in September, he bought circuit boards, electric igniters and ball bearings — all of which are known bomb-making materials, according to charging documents from the FBI. In previous years, he was flagged by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the FBI after he made trips to Pakistan and after his father told police he was a terrorist, before recanting the remark. Law enforcement agents could have been tipped off that Rahami was moving toward an attack had all of those data points been culled together in one place, said Mark Testoni, chief executive officer and president of SAP National Security Services Inc., a U.S.-based subsidiary of German software company SAP SE. “This is a big data world now,” said Testoni. He said his company has developed a computer platform for doing predictive analytics that is being used in a limited way by a Defense Department agency and by a national security agency. He declined to name the government customers or specify what they are doing. The technology to predict events is only in its infancy, Testoni said. National security and law enforcement agencies also have different rules when it comes to obtaining and using data, meaning there are walls between what can be accessed and shared, he said. U.S. law enforcement agencies, for example, need a court warrant to access most data. Big Brother Privacy advocates express concern about the “Big Brother” implications of such massive data-gathering, calling for more information and public debate about how predictive technology will be used. “There’s often very little transparency into what’s being brought into the systems or how it’s being crunched and used,” said Rachel Levinson-Waldman, senior counsel to the National Security Program at the Brennan Center for Justice at New York University School of Law. “That also makes it very hard to go back and challenge information that might be incorrect.” Computer algorithms also fail to understand the context of data, such as whether someone commenting on social media is joking or serious, Levinson-Waldman said. Testoni’s company and others such as Intel Corp. and PredPol Inc. are among a handful of firms pioneering the use of predictive analytics and artificial intelligence for clients from local police departments to U.S. national security agencies. More than 60 local police departments in the U.S. have started making use of a service sold by PredPol, which calls itself “The Predictive Policing Company,” to forecast where crimes might occur based on past patterns, said co-founder Jeff Brantingham. What, Where, When Its system, developed in collaboration with the Los Angeles Police Department, uses only three types of data: what type of crime occurred, when and where, Brantingham said. Then, a software algorithm generates the probability of crime occurring in different locations, presented as 500-foot-by-500-foot squares on a computer display or a printed map. With that insight, police departments then can make decisions about how best to apply their resources, such as sending cops to a high-risk area, or which security cameras to monitor, Brantingham said. PrePol’s system doesn’t make predictions about who will commit a crime, so it stops short of a system that might identify a terrorist in the making. “Interdicting places is, by and large, an approach that is more in line with protecting civil liberties than interdicting people,” Brantingham said. Even with such limits, privacy and civil liberties groups oppose the use of predicting policing technology as a threat to the Constitution’s promises of equal protection and due process. ‘Fortune-Teller Policing’ “This is fortune-teller policing that uses deeply flawed and biased data and relies on vendors that shroud their products in secrecy,” Wade Henderson, president and chief executive officer of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights. “Instead of using predictive technology to correct dysfunctional law enforcement, departments are using these tools to supercharge discrimination and exacerbate the worst problems in our criminal justice system.” eBay, Amazon Vast databases that companies have created for online commerce and communications could help law enforcement and national security agencies build predictive systems if they are allowed to tap into them. Technology companies have terms of service that set out how much personal information can be kept and sold to outside companies such as advertisers, and most resist handing over such data to the government unless a court orders them to do so. Predictive analytics are already being used by companies like eBay Inc., Amazon.com Inc., and Netflix Inc. to crunch their users’ Internet activity to forecast what they might be interested in. Companies like Facebook Inc. and Twitter Inc. have access to over a billion social-media accounts. The storehouse of data on Americans will only grow with digital feeds from Internet-connected appliances and wearable devices. Social media, in particular, is a valuable tool in tracking potential terrorist attacks, said Eric Feinberg, founding member of the Global Intellectual Property Enforcement Center, which is a private company. His firm has patented technology that can scan for hashtags across different social media platforms and in different languages for communications that indicate terrorist planning. “Our software is about pattern analysis,” Feinberg said. “We focus on the communications stream.” ‘Open Source Indicators’ The U.S. government is working on initial efforts to gain insight into global social and political trends. A program under the intelligence community’s research arm called Mercury seeks to develop methods for continuous and automated analysis of intercepted electronic communications “in order to anticipate and/or detect political crises, disease outbreaks, terrorist activity and military actions,” said Charles Carithers, spokesman for the Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity. The agency also previously funded the Open Source Indicators program, which “developed methods for continuous, automated analysis of publicly available data in order to anticipate and/or detect significant societal events,” such as mass violence and riots, mass migrations, disease outbreaks and economic instability, Carithers said. CIA Forecasts The CIA draws a distinction between using technology to anticipate events, versus predict them. The agency is using sophisticated algorithms and advanced analytics, along with publicly available data, to forecast events. The initial coverage focuses on the Middle East and Latin America. “We have, in some instances, been able to improve our forecast to the point of being able to anticipate the development of social unrest and societal instability to within three to five days out,” said Andrew Hallman, the agency’s deputy director for digital innovation. In its annual report in June, the Defense Science Board said, “Imagine if national leaders had sufficient time to act in emerging regional hot spots to safeguard U.S. interests using interpretation of massive data including social media and rapidly generate strategic options.” “Such a capability may soon be achievable,” the board said. “Massive data sets are increasingly abundant and could contain predictive clues — especially social media and open-source intelligence.” Poindexter’s Legacy If U.S. intelligence agencies develop an advanced system to predict terrorist acts they might call it “Total Information Awareness.” Except that name has already been used, with unhappy results. Retired Admiral John Poindexter created the “Total Information Awareness” program for the Pentagon’s Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency in 2002 to find and monitor terrorists and other national security threats using data and technology. The program became so controversial, especially over concerns that privacy rights would be violated, that Congress canceled funding for Poindexter’s office in 2003. Having been there and done that, Poindexter now says predicting terrorism is possible but would require a lot of data, such as banking information, analysis of social media, travel records and classified material. The system also has to include strong privacy protections that the public can review, said Poindexter, who said he was working on such a “privacy protection application” when his program was canceled. “You have to develop public trust in the way this is going to work,” said Poindexter, who continued developing the technology after leaving government through Saffron Technology Inc., a cognitive computing company that Intel bought in 2015 for an undisclosed price. Intel declined to comment. “The government’s priorities should be to solve the privacy issue and start ingesting massive amounts of data into memory bases,” Poindexter said. “You have to get the public on board with the idea that we can collect and search information on terrorist planning that doesn’t have an adverse impact on innocent people.” Related: FBI Warns of More Terrorist Attacks in U.S. as ISIS Is Defeated in Syria Judge Claims Facebook Not Taking Terrorism Threat Seriously RMS Updates Cat Models for Terrorism, Europe Windstorm & US Flood AIR Worldwide Expands Global Terrorism Risk Model Characteristics of ‘Charlie Hebdo’ Attack Thwarted Counter-Terrorism Efforts: RMS Copyright 2016 Bloomberg. Get Insurance Journal Every Day Subscribe Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Categories: National News Topics: Big Brother, big data analytics, homeland security, Intel, Minority Report, predictive analytics, predictive policing, PredPol, privacy vs. big data, terrorism forecasts, terrorism predictive modeling, terrorism; Big Data, Total Information Awareness Have a hot lead? Email us at newsdesk@insurancejournal.com Latest Comments October 13, 2016 at 5:12 pm Deplorables says: Jack, Angela Merkel was glad to welcome thousands of undocumented immigrants to Germany. All kinds of trouble is going on there and she is in trouble with the citizens. Hope... read more October 13, 2016 at 2:20 pm Jack Kanauph says: It's those whiney democrats where everything has to be politically correct. Gone are the days where majority rules. I am sure most of the country would want the data analyzed ... read more October 13, 2016 at 2:02 pm PM says: She should be in jail! See all comments See Comments (4)Add a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Comment Notify me of comments via e-mail More News Affordable Care Act Does Not Crowd Out Workers’ Compensation Claimants: NCCI Research How SEC Scrutiny of Unicorns Could Affect Private Company D&O Insurance Safety Advocates Frustrated that Accident-Prevention Technologies Remain Optional Rep. Hensarling’s Plan Could Be Blueprint for Trump Revamping of Dodd-Frank Will Rising Earthquake Risks in Oklahoma Shake Up the Insurance Market? Trump May Keep Key Affordable Care Act Provisions Drone Makers Shift to Commercial Uses as Consumer Market Crashes TWIA: Agents Approve 18K Policies for Transfer to Depopulation ProgramMore News Features Most Popular Now This Week Commented Rep. Hensarling's Plan Could Be Blueprint for Trump Revamping of Dodd-Frank How SEC Scrutiny of Unicorns Could Affect Private Company D&O Insurance Report: Big One Along Full-length of San Andreas Could be Quite Destructive Affordable Care Act Does Not Crowd Out Workers' Compensation Claimants: NCCI Research Michigan Utility Paid $25,000 Ransom After Cyberattack What Happens to Civil Lawsuits Filed Against President-Elect Trump? President Trump Expected to Target Immigration, Taxes, Trade, Affordable Care Act What Happens When Golf Carts Hit the Streets Judge Rules AIG Must Defend Bill Cosby in Defamation Claims Trump May Keep Key Affordable Care Act Provisions Trump May Keep Key Affordable Care Act Provisions | Comments (38) Trump Could Rip Up Decades of Climate Deals in a Year | Comments (11) Global Fight Against Climate Change to 'Suffer a Blow' from Trump Victory | Comments (6) California Commissioner Makes Statement on Trump's Promise to Repeal Obamacare | Comments (6) Fitch Assesses Election Impact on Health Insurance Market | Comments (5) More Top Stories Research and White Papers Free Newsletters Sign up to receive insurance news alerts! Daily Headlines Most Popular This Week MyNewMarkets.com Daily Insurance Jobs Newsletter (weekly) Carrier Management (new) Have a news tip? Tell us. Current Issue Read Online Download PDF Subscribe Available on the iPad Featured Videos Digital Communications Impact on EPLIWatch Now American Modern’s ‘Most Confident Agent’ CampaignWatch Now Editors and Contributors Amy O' Connor North Carolina Insurers Want Supreme Court Review of 25% Rate Hike Denial Andrew G. Simpson The Insurance Industry of Tomorrow Elizabeth Blosfield Dangers in Data Collection: How Much Is Too Much? Randy Schwantz Why Agency Owners Must Drive Producer Growth Quote of Note Massachusetts independent insurance agencies remain the distribution channel of choice for consumers in the Commonwealth for both personal and commercial lines.   More Quotes Partner Center Reader Poll Do you think the workers' compensation system needs some federal oversight? Insurance Jobs Strategy Analyst - New York, NY Account Executive – Large Commercial - Nashville, TN Property Field Adjuster - Minnesota AVP Chief Underwriter - St. Louis, MO Marketing Representative - Dublin, OH How Analyzing Workers' Comp Claims Helps Both Clients and Their Brokers 6 Things to Think About When Insuring Restaurants & Bars Study: Why Businesses Don’t Buy Cyber Coverage Lemonade's Peer-to-Peer Insurance Model Aims for 'Delightful' Customer Experience Most Cars Not Equipped With Life-Saving Auto Technology Uptick in Auto Claims Severity Due in Part to Distracted Drivers Researchers Demonstrate How Lightning Strikes Can Improve Storm Forecasts Arkansas, Louisiana, and West Virginia Have Highest Rates of Workplace Deaths in Southeastern U.S. OCT 7: Top 7 D&O Coverage Questions OCT 13: The Unseen Impact of Work Comp Claims Reserves ON-DEMAND: Advanced Drone Seminar ON-DEMAND: Drone Coverage and the Great Unknown Insurance News News by Region News by Topic Yesterday Site Search Features Insurance Markets Directory Forums A.M. Best Company Ratings Industry Events Agencies Wanted / For Sale Buyers Guide Newswire Ad Showcase Insurance Jobs Connect with us Email Newsletters Magazine Subscriptions For Your Website RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Insurance Journal Submit News Advertise Subscribe Reprints Link to Us Contact Us Wells Media Group Network Insurance Journal Online MyNewMarkets.com Claims Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management © 2016 by Wells Media Group, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map


null
Electronic Products and Technology Canada's Leading Electronics Website Subscribe Digital Edition News Products Features EPTECH Shows More Videos Industry Events Buyers Guide White Papers Digital Edition Advertise Contacts Subscribe News Gartner forecasts worldwide device shipments to decline Mobile phone shipments will fall, but will return to growth in 2017 October 13, 2016 by Stephen Law Topics Electronics Tags consumer electronics More News Gartner Inc. says worldwide combined shipments for devices (PCs, tablets, ultramobiles and mobile phones) are expected to decline 3% in 2016 (See Table 1). This will mark the second consecutive year of decline. The global devices market fell by 0.75 percent in 2015. “The global devices market is not on pace to return to single-digit growth soon,” says Ranjit Atwal, research director at Gartner. Growth is on pace to remain flat during the next five years. All segments are expected to decline in 2016, except for premium ultramobiles and utility mobile phones (entry level phones), which are expected to show single-digit growth this year. “We expect premium ultramobiles will start benefiting from the collective performance and integration of the latest Intel CPU platform and Windows 10,” says Atwal. Table 1. Worldwide Devices Shipments by Device Type, 2015-2018 (Millions of Units) Device Type 2015 2016 2017 2018 Traditional PCs (Desk-Based and Notebook) 244 216 205 199 Ultramobiles (Premium) 44 49 61 75 PC Market 288 265 266 274 Ultramobiles (Basic and Utility) 196 177 173 173 Computing Devices Market 484 442 439 447 Mobile Phones 1,917 1,887 1,910 1,933 Total Devices Market 2,401 2,329 2,349 2,380 Note: The Ultramobile (Premium) category includes devices such as Microsoft’s Windows 10 Intel x86 products and Apple’s MacBook Air. The Ultramobile (Basic and Utility Tablets) category includes devices such as, iPad, iPad mini, Samsung Galaxy Tab S2, Amazon Fire HD, Lenovo Yoga Tab 3, Acer Iconia One Source: Gartner (October 2016) PC Market to Bottom Out in 2016 and PC Prices in the UK to Increase Less Than 10 Percent in 2017 The PC market is expected to exhibit an 8 per cent decline in 2016, as the installed base bottoms out and replacement cycle extensions halt. “The effect of currency depreciation on the market is diminishing,” adds Atwal. “The second quarter of 2016 was the first since the second quarter of 2015 least impacted by currency depreciation.” Regions such as Western Europe, where the Euro depreciated significantly in 2015 and PC prices increased, finally showed flat market growth (-0.9 percent) in the second quarter of 2016. This follows four consecutive quarters of decline. If this situation prevails it means that PC sales will bottom out in 2016. However, the PC market in Western Europe remains difficult following the Brexit vote. “Device vendors are mitigating the currency depreciation of the pound in two ways — first, they are taking advantage of the likelihood of a single-digit decline in PC component costs in 2016,” says Atwal. “Second, they will “de-feature” their PCs to keep prices down. With these changes, Gartner expects PC prices in the UK to increase by less than 10 percent in 2017.” For the PC market to stay on pace for flat growth in 2017, business spending needs to flourish. “The inventory of Windows 8 PCs should have been cleared, and large businesses in mature markets are now looking to move to Windows 10 through 2018,” adds Atwal. “In addition, more affordable hardware and increasingly available virtual reality content (such as games, stories and other entertainment) will enable consumer PC buyers to upgrade in order to experience immersive offerings. Smartphone Growth to Continue Slowing Down in 2016 Total mobile phone shipments are on pace to decline 1.6 percent in 2016. The smartphone segment continues to grow, albeit more slowly than in previous years, and is expected to reach 1.5 billion units in 2016. “This is no surprise; the smartphone market is maturing, and reaching global saturation with phones that are increasingly capable and remain good enough for longer,” saidRoberta Cozza, research director at Gartner. In 2016, the Android market will continue to be bolstered by Chinese vendors offering more affordable premium devices. Despite the availability of the iPhone 7, Gartner expects a weaker year-over-year volume performance from Apple in 2016, as volumes stabilize after a very strong 2015. As a result, Gartner expects total smartphone market to only increase 4.5 percent with premium smartphones declining 1.1 percent in 2016. “We expect the market for premium smartphones to return to 3.5 per cent growth in 2017, as stronger replacement cycles kick in and in anticipation of a new iPhone next year, which is expected to offer a new design and new features that are attractive enough to convince more replacement buyers,” Cozza says.     Print this page Tweet Related Worldwide device shipments to grow 1.5% Spending on tech devices forecast to drop Worldwide PC shipments decline Worldwide semi sales expected to reach $358-billion Have your say: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * E-mail * Website netCOMPONENTS Part Search Enter Part Number Search Parts Powered by More REDWIRE Samsung scraps Galaxy Note 7 over fire concerns FLIR Systems to acquire Point Grey Research Services Digital Edition Subscribe Advertise Contacts Event organizers Like us on Facebook @EPTmagazine View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Subscribe to Print Trending Berkeley Lab-led research breaks transistor size barrier China electronics firm to recall some U.S. products after hacking attack Gartner lists top 10 strategic technology trends for 2017 3-D wiring technique brings scalable quantum computers closer to reality 3D Printing of electronic devices to hit $420-Million Samsung to compensate Galaxy Note 7 component suppliers Smartwatch market declines as platforms, vendors realign Copyright Notice Feedback Sitemap © Copyright 2016 Annex Business Media
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Win a Gigabyte GTX 1070 G1 Gaming Bundle [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Systems Reviews 6 Review: Gigabyte Brix Gaming UHD (GB-BNi7HG4-950) by Parm Mann on 13 October 2016, 12:30 Tags: Gigabyte (TPE:2376), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac7s2 Add to My Vault: Gigabyte Brix Gaming UHD (GB-BNi7HG4-950) £876.98 Free shipping for HEXUS members* Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Test Methodology 3 - Benchmarks: CPU 4 - Benchmarks: Memory 5 - Benchmarks: Storage 6 - Benchmarks: Gaming 7 - Benchmarks: Power and Temperature 8 - Conclusion Introduction Gigabyte has proven that it has the wherewithal to create pocket-sized PCs that punch harder than their size would suggest, but given that the company's roots are entrenched in the enthusiast scene, there's understandably an insatiable desire to want to deliver more speed. The Taiwanese manufacturer has previously attempted to shoehorn dedicated Nvidia graphics into a NUC-like form factor with reasonable success, and there's obviously sufficient demand for such systems as Gigabyte is at it once again with a new offering that has grown taller to accommodate meatier innards. Dubbed the Brix Gaming UHD and priced at around £875 for a barebone unit, this is the largest Brix system we've ever tested, yet also the most powerful. Measuring 220mm (H) x 110mm (D) x 110mm (W) in size, the machine's footprint remains tiny compared to traditional PCs, and the extra height has allowed Gigabyte to include a potent Intel Core i7 processor and dedicated Nvidia GeForce graphics. It's a neat-looking thing, too. The brushed aluminium effect around the sides works well, the white LED surround on the lid is subtle enough not to be jarring, while a rubber base keeps everything planted. Connectivity options have been limited on previous Brix solutions, but with the extra available space, the Gaming UHD box makes available five USB ports (3x USB 3.0, 1x USB 3.1 Type-A, 1x USB 3.1 Type-C) as well as Gigabit Ethernet, audio jacks, HDMI, a trio of mini-DisplayPort and a connector for the 180W external power supply. An integrated Intel Wireless-AC 8260 adapter provides dual-band WiFi connectivity, and the only obvious snag with regards to connectivity is the positioning of the ports. The power button is tucked around back alongside all the USB ports, while the display outputs, on the side of the unit, look ungainly when cables are attached. We'd like to see Gigabyte relocate the power button and have at least one front-facing USB port on future models, but given the internal layout and size constraints, we can understand why the ports are where they are. Opening the Brix Gaming UHD is surprisingly simple, with the user having to undo just four screws on the underside to remove the fan cover. Doing so allows half of the system's metal shell to slide up and away. It's an important process as every buyer will need to make their way inside the machine at some point. Remember, this is a barebone unit, meaning memory, storage and operating system must be added in order for it to function. Gigabyte has done well to ensure accessibility isn't an issue, and getting everything up and running can be achieved with a minimal number of screws and very little effort. With the shroud removed, we can see two empty 2.5in slots positioned either side of the central column, and both can be populated using the combined data-plus-power SATA 6Gbps cables. What's clever is how the Brix Gaming UHD provides access to memory - unclip a few cables (three, to be precise) and the top board, housing the GPU, flips up and out. Would-be buyers should note that Gigabyte's installation tutorial video is easier to follow than the manual, though we suspect the target audience will have no trouble during the disassembly process. Get the graphics board out and you can reach the two SO-DIMM DDR4 memory slots as well as a pair of M.2 storage bays. Helping us along with our review, Gigabyte has pre-populated our sample with 16GB of dual-channel Crucial DDR4-2400 memory (out of a maximum of 32GB) and a 512GB Samsung 950 Pro SSD, but do note that these aren't included as standard with the retail product. How about the core components that are included? Well, the CPU is an Intel Core i7-6700HQ processor. Aimed primarily at high-end laptops, the quad-core chip offers hyper-threading and a 3.5GHz Turbo frequency in a 45W package that's well suited to a machine of this ilk. It's in the graphics department that the Brix Gaming UHD raises an eyebrow as the system is outfitted with an Nvidia GeForce GTX 950 served in an MXM form factor. Dating back to August 2015, the GTX 950 isn't what we'd hoped to see in an £875 barebone and unless a compatible MXM upgrade is made available, gaming performance in today's latest titles will be limited. And yes, Gigabyte's branding is playing fast and loose with what this box can achieve - the Brix Gaming UHD can output to a 4K display, but don't expect to play games at such lofty resolutions. The combination of CPU and GPU isn't befitting a modern gaming PC that is likely to end up costing over £1,000 when fully configured, but Gigabyte is only too aware and tells us that a Pascal-based (i.e. GTX 10-series) successor is already in the works. With that in mind, the current Brix Gaming UHD serves as a showcase as to what the form factor could achieve. The internal layout holds promise, with only one bottom-mounted fan pulling in air and pushing it up through the chassis and out the top. The obvious caveat is that fan noise is bothersome - the PC is clearly audible when idle, then even noisier when under load - and we wonder if a slightly roomier chassis with a larger, slow-spinning fan would make more sense. Intrigued to see how the literally pint-sized system will fare in our benchmarks? Then turn the page. Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Test Methodology 3 - Benchmarks: CPU 4 - Benchmarks: Memory 5 - Benchmarks: Storage 6 - Benchmarks: Gaming 7 - Benchmarks: Power and Temperature 8 - Conclusion NEXT PAGE » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 14 2 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst 11 3 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 4 Razer Blade Stealth 7 5 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 1 QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? 104 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 14 4 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 5 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 12 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 AfterShokz introduce the next generation wired bone conduction headphones 2 HP Unveils Industry’s First-ever Mini Workstation 3 Announcing the Swiftech Komodo GTX Titan X Waterblock 4 Lian Li Releases the PC-O10 Dual-Compartment Mid Tower: ATX Meets SFX 5 TYAN Displays HPC Platforms for Enterprises and Data Centers to Accelerate HPC Market Growth at SC16 6 AMD Releases the Most Versatile Open Source Platform for GPU Computing INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,180 Forum posts: 2,558,722 Forum threads: 246,623 Currently active users: 503 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
null

24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Trump or Clinton Means Weaker Dollar: Buy These 4 Dividend Stocks By Lee Jackson October 10, 2016 9:45 am EST Print Email Tweet Despite the pollsters are giving Hillary Clinton a 70% to 80% chance of victory in less than a month, stranger things have happened. Ronald Reagan trailed Jimmy Carter by 15 points in February-March of 1980. Then Reagan came back and won in a 44 state landslide. One thing is for sure, the U.S. dollar is expected to weaken regardless of the final outcome, and for companies that thrive on a weaker greenback, 2017 could be a great year. We screened the Merrill Lynch database for stocks that were rated Buy, that also did a significant amount of their sales and business overseas. We found four that look very attractive, and could make good sense as we head to 2017. General Electric This iconic blue chip industrial was on a roll but has sold off 15% since July and is giving investors a nice entry point. General Electric Co. (NYSE: GE) is a highly diversified, global industrial corporation. Its businesses are organized broadly under six segments: GE Capital, Energy Infrastructure, Aviation, Healthcare, Transportation and Home & Business Solutions. Its products and services include power generation equipment, aircraft engines, locomotives, medical equipment, appliances, commercial leasing and personal finance. Wall Street analysts feel that the American giant will be a large player in the efficient energy field. While the analysts recently lowered earnings expectations for the quarter slightly, they remain positive as expectations for orders and free cash flow already seem very low. They also note that the industrial giant has a massive $25 billion in cash, which could be put to use to drive earnings toward $2 a share by 2018. GE shareholders are paid a 3.16% dividend. The Merrill Lynch price target for the stock is $37, and the Wall Street consensus target is $33.13. The shares closed last Friday at $29.08. Intel This leader in semiconductors is working hard to scale away from dependence on personal computers. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) designs, manufactures and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company’s platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, two-in-one systems, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, wearables, retail devices and manufacturing devices, as well as for retail, transportation, industrial, buildings, home use and other market segments. The company also provides communication and connectivity offerings, such as baseband processors, radio frequency transceivers and power management integrated circuits, and tablet, phone and Internet of Things solutions, which include multimode 4G LTE modems, Bluetooth technology and GPS receivers, software solutions and interoperability tests, as well as home gateway and set-top box components. Intel reported an inline second quarter, but data center sales came in way below expectations. However, a new partnership with Microsoft for virtual reality, and a consistent shift away for reliance on chips for personal computers, keeps the stock a compelling buy. Intel does a stunning 82.4% of its sales overseas, the lion’s share of it in Asia, where the chips that it produces are used in personal computers, tablets and other personal electronic devices. Intel investors are paid a solid 2.73% dividend. The Merrill Lynch price target is $45, while the consensus target is lower at $40.38. The shares closed Friday at $38.10. Pages: 1/2 « Why Diamondback Energy Stock Popped 4% Monday Morning 10 US Cities With the Highest Rents » Read more: Investing, Defensive Stocks, Dividends and Buybacks, featured, General Electric Company (NYSE:GE), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), 3M (NYSE:MMM), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For The Drunkest City in Each State Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Wal-Mart, BNY Mellon and More 50 Worst Cities to Live In Home Depot Black Friday Ad Now Available Recent Nokia, Teva Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Verizon, Chevron Dominate DJIA Tuesday SEC Awards Whistleblower Over $20 Million Solar Plants Raise Local Temperatures Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. Fumbles -- Why Shares Fell Twitter's Executive Exodus Continues This Big Activist Investor Just Bought Shares of Twitter Gap names Teri List-Stoll as new finance chief Snapchat IPO could value company at $20 billion to $25 billion, go public in March: WSJ Snapchat files confidentially for IPO: WSJ New Highs for the Holidays? Big Economic Shifts Challenge Your Decision-Making Trustmark (TRMK) Inks Merger Deal with RB Bancorporation A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. Fumbles -- Why Shares Fell Twitter's Executive Exodus Continues This Big Activist Investor Just Bought Shares of Twitter Bernie Sanders Calls Out Donald Trump For Backpedaling On One Thing They Agreed On Facebook, Google Take Small Steps To Stop Spread Of Fake News Snapchat Files For IPO That Would Be Biggest In Years For Tech Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Predicting Terrorism From Big Data Challenges U.S. Intelligence Chris Strohm @cstrohm More stories by Chris Strohm October 13, 2016 — 5:00 AM EDT Connecting the dots from GPS, social media and other databases Privacy concerns may foil such moves: Ask Admiral Poindexter Rescuers gather at site of air strike in the rebel held neighborhood of Al-Shaar in Aleppo on Sept. 27, 2016. Photographer: Karam Al-Masri/AFP via Getty Images Before Ahmad Khan Rahami planted bombs in New York and New Jersey, he bought bomb-making materials on eBay, linked to jihad-related videos from his public social-media account and was looked into by law enforcement agents, according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. If only the authorities had connected the dots. That challenge -- mining billions of bits of information and crunching the data to find crucial clues -- is behind a push by U.S. intelligence and law enforcement agencies to harness “big data” to predict crimes, terrorist acts and social upheaval before they happen. The market for such “predictive analytics” technology is estimated to reach $9.2 billion by 2020, up from $3 billion in 2015, according to research firm MarketsandMarkets. It’s the stuff of a science-fiction movie like “Minority Report,” in which Tom Cruise played a Washington cop who used technology to arrest people before they carried out crimes. It’s also a red flag for privacy advocates already fighting U.S. spy programs exposed by Edward Snowden and the FBI’s demands that Apple Inc. help it hack into encrypted mobile phones. The idea is to make sense of the vast and disparate streams of data from sources including social media, GPS devices, video feeds from street cameras and license-plate readers, travel and credit-card records and the news media, as well as government and propriety systems. ‘Fundamental Fuel’ "Data is going to be the fundamental fuel for national security in this century," William Roper, director of the Defense Department’s strategic capabilities office, said at a conference in Washington last month. For the first time, the White House released a strategic plan on Wednesday to advance research and development of artificial intelligence technology, including to predict incidents that may be dangerous to public safety. Weeks before Rahami allegedly carried out the attacks in September, he bought circuit boards, electric igniters and ball bearings -- all of which are known bomb-making materials, according to charging documents from the FBI. In previous years, he was flagged by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the FBI after he made trips to Pakistan and after his father told police he was a terrorist, before recanting the remark. Previous Story: FBI Check Found No Terrorist Ties in ’14 Law enforcement agents could have been tipped off that Rahami was moving toward an attack had all of those data points been culled together in one place, said Mark Testoni, chief executive officer and president of SAP National Security Services Inc., a U.S.-based subsidiary of German software company SAP SE. "This is a big data world now," said Testoni. He said his company has developed a computer platform for doing predictive analytics that is being used in a limited way by a Defense Department agency and by a national security agency. He declined to name the government customers or specify what they are doing. The technology to predict events is only in its infancy, Testoni said. National security and law enforcement agencies also have different rules when it comes to obtaining and using data, meaning there are walls between what can be accessed and shared, he said. U.S. law enforcement agencies, for example, need a court warrant to access most data. Big Brother Privacy advocates express concern about the “Big Brother” implications of such massive data-gathering, calling for more information and public debate about how predictive technology will be used. "There’s often very little transparency into what’s being brought into the systems or how it’s being crunched and used," said Rachel Levinson-Waldman, senior counsel to the National Security Program at the Brennan Center for Justice at New York University School of Law. "That also makes it very hard to go back and challenge information that might be incorrect." Computer algorithms also fail to understand the context of data, such as whether someone commenting on social media is joking or serious, Levinson-Waldman said. Testoni’s company and others such as Intel Corp. and PredPol Inc. are among a handful of firms pioneering the use of predictive analytics and artificial intelligence for clients from local police departments to U.S. national security agencies. More than 60 local police departments in the U.S. have started making use of a service sold by PredPol, which calls itself “The Predictive Policing Company,” to forecast where crimes might occur based on past patterns, said co-founder Jeff Brantingham. What, Where, When Its system, developed in collaboration with the Los Angeles Police Department, uses only three types of data: what type of crime occurred, when and where, Brantingham said. Then, a software algorithm generates the probability of crime occurring in different locations, presented as 500-foot-by-500-foot squares on a computer display or a printed map. With that insight, police departments then can make decisions about how best to apply their resources, such as sending cops to a high-risk area, or which security cameras to monitor, Brantingham said. PrePol’s system doesn’t make predictions about who will commit a crime, so it stops short of a system that might identify a terrorist in the making. "Interdicting places is, by and large, an approach that is more in line with protecting civil liberties than interdicting people," Brantingham said. Even with such limits, privacy and civil liberties groups oppose the use of predicting policing technology as a threat to the Constitution’s promises of equal protection and due process. ‘Fortune-Teller Policing’ "This is fortune-teller policing that uses deeply flawed and biased data and relies on vendors that shroud their products in secrecy," Wade Henderson, president and chief executive officer of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights. "Instead of using predictive technology to correct dysfunctional law enforcement, departments are using these tools to supercharge discrimination and exacerbate the worst problems in our criminal justice system." eBay, Amazon Vast databases that companies have created for online commerce and communications could help law enforcement and national security agencies build predictive systems if they are allowed to tap into them. Technology companies have terms of service that set out how much personal information can be kept and sold to outside companies such as advertisers, and most resist handing over such data to the government unless a court orders them to do so. Exclusive insights in your inbox, from our technology reporters around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your daily dose of the news that’s moving markets around the world. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets Everything you need to know about what’s moving markets, in your inbox daily. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits The coolest cars to drive, the latest gadgets to ogle, the hottest places to travel. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan Advice nobody tells you about getting ahead at work, school and life. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Predictive analytics are already being used by companies like eBay Inc., Amazon.com Inc., and Netflix Inc. to crunch their users’ Internet activity to forecast what they might be interested in. Companies like Facebook Inc. and Twitter Inc. have access to over a billion social-media accounts. The storehouse of data on Americans will only grow with digital feeds from Internet-connected appliances and wearable devices. Social media, in particular, is a valuable tool in tracking potential terrorist attacks, said Eric Feinberg, founding member of the Global Intellectual Property Enforcement Center, which is a private company. His firm has patented technology that can scan for hashtags across different social media platforms and in different languages for communications that indicate terrorist planning. "Our software is about pattern analysis," Feinberg said. "We focus on the communications stream." ‘Open Source Indicators’ The U.S. government is working on initial efforts to gain insight into global social and political trends. A program under the intelligence community’s research arm called Mercury seeks to develop methods for continuous and automated analysis of intercepted electronic communications "in order to anticipate and/or detect political crises, disease outbreaks, terrorist activity and military actions," said Charles Carithers, spokesman for the Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity. The agency also previously funded the Open Source Indicators program, which “developed methods for continuous, automated analysis of publicly available data in order to anticipate and/or detect significant societal events,” such as mass violence and riots, mass migrations, disease outbreaks and economic instability, Carithers said. CIA Forecasts The CIA draws a distinction between using technology to anticipate events, versus predict them. The agency is using sophisticated algorithms and advanced analytics, along with publicly available data, to forecast events. The initial coverage focuses on the Middle East and Latin America. "We have, in some instances, been able to improve our forecast to the point of being able to anticipate the development of social unrest and societal instability to within three to five days out," said Andrew Hallman, the agency’s deputy director for digital innovation. In its annual report in June, the Defense Science Board said, "Imagine if national leaders had sufficient time to act in emerging regional hot spots to safeguard U.S. interests using interpretation of massive data including social media and rapidly generate strategic options.” "Such a capability may soon be achievable," the board said. "Massive data sets are increasingly abundant and could contain predictive clues -- especially social media and open-source intelligence." Poindexter’s Legacy If U.S. intelligence agencies develop an advanced system to predict terrorist acts they might call it “Total Information Awareness.” Except that name has already been used, with unhappy results. Retired Admiral John Poindexter created the “Total Information Awareness” program for the Pentagon’s Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency in 2002 to find and monitor terrorists and other national security threats using data and technology. The program became so controversial, especially over concerns that privacy rights would be violated, that Congress canceled funding for Poindexter’s office in 2003. Having been there and done that, Poindexter now says predicting terrorism is possible but would require a lot of data, such as banking information, analysis of social media, travel records and classified material. The system also has to include strong privacy protections that the public can review, said Poindexter, who said he was working on such a "privacy protection application" when his program was canceled. "You have to develop public trust in the way this is going to work," said Poindexter, who continued developing the technology after leaving government through Saffron Technology Inc., a cognitive computing company that Intel bought in 2015 for an undisclosed price. Intel declined to comment. "The government’s priorities should be to solve the privacy issue and start ingesting massive amounts of data into memory bases," Poindexter said. "You have to get the public on board with the idea that we can collect and search information on terrorist planning that doesn’t have an adverse impact on innocent people." Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Populism Takes Over the World World’s Biggest Real Estate Frenzy Is Coming to a City Near You Trump Transition Slows as Kushner Said to Oust Christie Allies Trump Tech Meltdown Hits Fourth Day With Amazon Cut by $35 Billion How Trump Can Make Money Off the Secret Service Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Advanced virtualization Dell Power Edge R810 Server Rental Hyderabad Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) vAdvanced virtualization Dell Power Edge R810 Server Rental Hyderabad. The design of the PowerEdge™ R810 centers on reliability, incorporating features such as Intel® advanced reliability, availability and serviceability. Form Factor: 2U Rack Processors: Supports up to 4 eight-core Intel® Xeon processors Memory: Up to 512GBs (32 DIMM slots) Hard Drives: Up to six 2.5" SAS or SATA drives Cache: Up to 24MB I/O Slots: Supports 6 PCIe G2 slots Max. Internal Storage: Up to 3TB Remote Management: iDRAC6 Express Contact Us: Serverental, Mobile: 098866 99666, Email: Sales@serverental.com, Website: http://serverental.com/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Thursday, 13 October, 2016  08:30 Expires On: Friday, 21 April, 2017  03:00 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Dell Power Edge R720 Server Rental Hyderabad High-density design Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Dell Power Edge R720 Server Rental Hyderabad High-density design. Dramatically boost application performance with the latest Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2600 or E5-2600v2 product family and up to 24 dual in-line memory modules (DIMMs). Processor: Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2600 or E5-2600v2 product family Internal Interconnect: 2 x Intel QuickPath Interconnect (QPI) links; 6.4 GT/s; 7.2 GT/s; 8.0 GT/s Memory3: Up to 768GB (24 DIMM slots) 2GB/4GB/8GB/16GB/32GB DDR3 up to 1866MT/s Maximum Internal Storage: 32TB Virtualization options: Citrix® XenServer®, VMware® vSphere® ESXi ™ External HBAs (RAID): PERC H810 Drive Bays: Up to eight 3.5" drives or up to sixteen 2.5" drives Contact Us: Serverental, Mobile: 098866 99666, Email: Sales@serverental.com, Website: http://serverental.com/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Thursday, 13 October, 2016  08:32 Expires On: Friday, 21 April, 2017  03:02 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
  Tests & News IT-Business Mobil Charts Foren Prozessoren Motherboards, Chipsätze & RAM Grafikkarten Netzwerke Windows 7 Festplatten, optische Laufwerke und Controller Monitore, Projektoren, Flachbildfernseher Produkte: Meinungen, Erfahrungen, Empfehlungen Kühlung Ein- / Ausgabegeräte Modding, Gehäuse &amp; Netzteile PC im Eigenbau: Zusammenstellung und Konfiguration Softwareanwendungen Tutorials Marken Anmelden | Registrieren The authority on tech Search Tags: Mobil CPU Grafikkarten Enterprise Storage Netzteile Gehäuse Tablets Kühlung Smartphones mehr SSD Festplatten Motherboards NAS Gaming Betriebssysteme PC-Systeme PC-Systeme News HP Spectre & Envy: Schicke Hardware gar nicht mal teuer Unter den Namen Spectre und vor allem im Portfolio der Envy-Geräte setzt HP auf schickes Styling und hochwertige Materialien - schließlich soll der Name "Envy" (Neid) ja auch berechtigt sein. Jetzt gibts Kaby Lake und 4K für Rechner und Monitore. von Frank Rößler 13. Oktober 2016 06:00 Zwei Notebooks, ein All-in-One-Gerät und ein Monitor sollen denjenigen den Mund wässrig machen, die sich zum Jahresende ein bisschen mit schicker IT belohnen wollen. HP Spectre x360, HP Envy 13, HP Envy AIO 27 und HP Envy Display heißt das Quartett, das jetzt vorgestellt wurde und das in den kommenden Wochen nach und nach auf den Markt kommen wird. Start ist das Spectre x360 13, das mit den Kaby-Lake-Prozessoren Core i5-7200 und Core i7-7500U auf den Markt kommen soll. Es soll mit bis zu 16 Gigabyte RAM und einer bis ein Terabyte großen M.2-SSD erhältlich sein, die dank NVMe-Anschluss nicht viel Platz einnehmen. Das 13-Zoll-Notebook mit Full-HD-Touchscreen soll lediglich knapp 1,4 Zentimeter dick und ca. 1,3 Kilo schwer sein. Der Screen mit extra schlankem Rahmen lässt sich komplett umklappen, sodass sich das Spectre vom Notebook in ein Tablet verwandeln lässt. Die Akkulaufzeit soll mit nun 15 Stunden etwa 20 Prozent über der des Vorgängers liegen. Als einzige Anschlüsse für Peripherie hat HP zwei USB-Typ-C-Buchsen vorgesehen, über die zusätzlich auch Thunderbolt-3- und DisplayPort-1.2-Verbindungen realisiert werden können. Das 21,8 x 30,6 x 1,38 cm große Gerät soll zu Preisen ab 1050 US-Dollar in den Handel kommen. Core-i5- und -i7-Prozessoren der Kaby-Lake-Generation bekommt auch das Envy 13 spendiert. Bei dem Notebook ohne Tablet-Ambitionen stehen Panels mit Auflösungen von 1920 x 1080, 2560 x 1440 und 3840 x 2160 Pixeln zur Auswahl - also Full-HD, QHD und UHD. Auch hier gibt es bis zu 16 Gigabyte RAM und bis zu ein Terabyte SSD-Speicherplatz. Gegenüber dem Vorgänger ist das neue Modell wohl etwas größer und schwerer geworden. Es soll jetzt 24,9 x 32,6 x 1,4 cm messen und etwa 1,4 Kilo auf die Waage bringen. Dafür soll das neue Envy 13 aber auch bis zu 14 Stunden lang laufen (statt nur 10 wie der Vorläufer). Es soll ab Ende Oktober zu Preisen ab 850 US-Dollar erhältlich sein. Noch mit Skylake-Prozessoren bestückt, aber trotzdem komplett neu gestaltet soll der Premium-All-in-One Envy AIO 27 auf Schreibtischen eine gute Figur machen. Vor allem ein schlankerer Sockel und ein QHD-Screen im Micro-Edge-Design sollen ein "leichteres" Erscheinungsbild bieten. Neben Core-i5- und Core-i7-CPUs der Skylake-Generation sollen bis zu 16 Gigabyte RAM sowie zwei Laufwerke - 256-GByte-SSD und 2-TByte-HDD - verbaut werden. Für die notwendige Grafikleistung kann Intel iGDU HD Graphics 620 bei Bedarf auf eine Nvidia GeForce GTX 850M mit vier Gigabyte RAM zugreifen. Neben einem USB-C-Anschluss stehen zwei HDMI-Ports. Der HP Envy All-in-One 27 soll noch im Laufe des Monats zu Preisen ab 1300 US-Dollar auf den Markt kommen. Das günstigste Angebot ist das HP Envy Display 27, das Anfang Dezember für knapp 500 Dollar zu kaufen sein soll. Der 27-Zöller mit IPS-Panel stellt Bilder mit 4K/60p dar und soll 99 Prozent des sRGB-Farbraums abdecken. Er kann über HDMI 1.4, HDMI 2.0, DisplayPort 1.2 und USB C beschickt werden und kann über die letztgenannte Schnittstelle auch die Stromversorgung für ein mobiles Gerät realisieren. HP Envy 13 Notebook Envy AIO 27 Spectre x360 13 Prozessor Bis zur 7. Generation (Kaby Lake) Intel Core i7 Bis zur 6.  Generation (Skylake) Intel Core i7 Bis zur 7.  Generation (Kaby Lake) Intel Core i7 RAM bis zu 16 GB bis zu 16 GB bis zu 16 GB Grafik Intel HD 620 bis zu Nvidia GeForce GTX 950M 4GB GDDR5 Intel HD 620 Display - 13,3 Zoll FHD (1920 x 1080) - 13,3 Zoll QHD (2560 x 1440) - 13,3 Zoll UHD (3840 x 2160) 27 Zoll QHD (2560 x 1440) IPS 13,3 Zoll FHD (1920 x 1080) IPS Touchscreen Massenspeicher Bis zu 1TB PCIe SSD - Bis zu 256GB SSD - Bis zu 2TB HDD Bis zu 1TB PCIe SSD Netzwerkverbindungen Dual-Band 802.11ac Wi-Fi/Bluetooth - Gigabit Ethernet - 802.11ac WiFi/Bluetooth Dual-Band 802.11ac Wi-Fi/Bluetooth Ports - USB 3.1 Type-C Gen 1 (5 Gb/s) - USB 3.1 Type-A - Kopfhörer Out/Mic-In - Micro SD Card Reader - USB 3.1 Type-C (Thunderbolt, Display Out, Power) - USB 3.0 x 4 - HDMI (In) - Kopfhörer Out/Mic-In - 3-in-1 Card Reader - USB 3.1 Type-C x2 (Thunderbolt 3, Display Out, Power) - USB 3.1 Type-A - Kophörer Out/Mic-In Displayausgang HDMI - HDMI - USB Type-C USB-C x2 (DisplayPort 1.2) Abmessungen (L x B x H) 24,9 x 32,6 x 1,39 cm 61,5 x 19 x 45,7 cm 21,8 x 30,6 x 1,38 cm Gewicht 1,4 Kilo 10,9 Kilo 1,3 Kilo UVP $850 $1,300 $1,050 Über den Autor Frank Rößler & Derek Forrest Mehr lesen PC-Systeme Notebook Monitore Kommentieren Kommentar Vorname Senden Kategorie-Experten fragen Erstelle einen neuen Thread im News-Forum über dieses Thema Titel Thema Titel Veröffentlichen Noch keine Kommentare Dein Kommentar Kommentar Vorname Senden Beliebte Artikel Lenovo zeigt Interesse an Fujitsus PC-Sparte Samsung: Desktop-PC mit Extra-Portion Design Oculus, AMD und CyberPowerPC: VR-PC für 500 Dollar Tom's Hardware auf der ganzen Welt Tom's Hardware auf der ganzen Welt Russia France Germany UK Italy USA Tom's Hardware abonnieren Suche auf der Seite Ok Über Tom's Hardware Werbung Unternehmen Impressum Nutzungsbedingungen Kontakt Copyright © 2016 Purch Group, Inc. Alle Rechte vorbehalten Tom's Hardware Guide ™ Ad choices
ANDROID IOS Home Video ALL NEWS BULLETIN AAP KI ADALAT AAJ KI BAAT CRICKET KI BAAT POLITICS CRIME ENTERTAINMENT ASTROLOGY India Tv Contest Hints LiveTV ALL ANCHORS PROGRAMS SHOW TIMINGS India ALL NATIONAL POLITICS World Entertainment ALL BOLLYWOOD TV MASALA HOLLYWOOD MOVIE REVIEW REGIONAL Photos ALL INDIA ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS FASHION & LIFESTYLE WORLD POLITICS AUTO & GADGET Sports ALL CRICKET SOCCER TENNIS HOCKEY OTHER Buzz ALL MOUTHFUL WHO CARES LIFE TECH AUTO BLAH Business ALL MARKETS TECH AUTO ECONOMY REAL STATE Lifestyle ALL TRAVEL HEALTH FASHION FOOD DATING CELEBS BEAUTY Astro Home Video Live India World Entertainment Photos Sports Buzz Business Lifestyle Astro India Tv Contest Hints Entertainment You are here: Home Entertainment Bollywood Sonakshi Sinha declared 'most sensational celebrity' in Indian cyberspace : Report Sonakshi Sinha declared 'most sensational celebrity' in Indian cyberspace : Report Currently reading: Sonakshi Sinha declared 'most sensational celebrity' in Indian cyberspace : Report #Sonakshi Sinha, #Indian Cyberspace, #Intel, #Security, #Sensational India TV Entertainment Desk, Mumbai [Published on:13 Oct 2016, 10:41:33] Sonakshi Sinha has been declared as the most sensational celebrity of 2016 in Indian Cyber Space whose name is constantly involved in creating malware ridden suspicious websites. According to McAfee Most Sensational Celebrities 2016, a search for Sonakshi Sinha + Torrent results in a 21 per cent chance of connecting to a malicious website. Searches for the actress overall had a risk percentage of 11.11 per cent. The global study, published by Intel Security, explores how hackers use pop culture icons like Bollywood celebrities to generate risky search results, exposing fans to viruses and malware. The report found that Gen-Y stars including Sonakshi Sinha, Tiger Shroff, Arjun Kapoor, Shraddha Kapoor, Kriti Sanon and Alia Bhatt comprised 50 per cent of the top 10 list for 2016. Priyanka Chopra, who was the most sensational celebrity for 2015, is down to No 7 spot this year with 7.56 per cent risk percentage. "This years list saw major changes as younger (Gen-Y) movie celebrities are making their presence felt in the top 10 list," the report said. Farhan Akhtar ranked second in the list (racing from No 11 in 2015) with 9.56 per cent risk percentage, followed by Kareena Kapoor at No 3 (from No 10 last year) (8.67 per cent) and Tiger Shroff and Arjun Kapoor jointly at No 4 and 8.44 per cent risk. Shraddha Kapoor ranked at the fifth spot, down from No 2 in 2015. With the increasing penetration of broadband, consumers rely on internet to find more information like award and TV shows as well as movie premieres, album releases, celebrity breakups and more, leaving them vulnerable. "...hackers can take advantage of consumer interest around several facets of Bollywood cinema news and entice unsuspecting fans to visit sites loaded with malware that can steal passwords and personal information," it added. Venkat Krishnapur, head of R&D operations for Intel Securitys India Development Centre, said cybercriminals are increasingly targeting consumers who access information on-the-go, without considering the potential security risks online around celebrity interest. "We at Intel Security remain committed to creating a positive online experience by educating and protecting the Indian consumers," he added. The report said users must be aware of clicking on third party links and ensure they use web protection that notifies them of risky sites or links before they visit them. Also, they should be cautious when searching for torrent as this term appeared to be, by far, the riskiest search term. "Cybercriminals can use torrents to embed malware within authentic files making it difficult to determine if a file is safe. It?s best to avoid using torrents especially when there are so many legitimate streaming options available," the report said.  (With agency input) X From Our Network SOPOSTED This White Part On Your Nail Tells A Lot About Your Health. Here’s What It SOPOSTED These Cold-Blooded Execution Techniques From History Will Scare The Shit Out Of SOPOSTED Six-year-old girl forced to marry a 55-year-old man in exchange of food and goat Recommended Watch: ‘Godwoman’ Sadhvi goes on shooting spree at wedding, leaves Farmer in Karnataka duped with ‘fake’ Rs. 2,000 note Birthday special: 5 lesser known facts about ‘Aashiqui 2’ boy Aditya Roy Children’s Day special: 5 Bollywood actors who made their big screen debut as Saas Bahu Aur Suspense | 16th November, 2016 ( Promo ) Sushma Swaraj suffers kidney failure, on dialysis at AIIMS Demonetisation: Indelible ink to check repeat withdrawal from today Watch: PM Modi's mother Heeraben queues up outside bank to exchange currency Bollywood actress Sonakshi Sinha topped the list of "most sensational celebrity SITE INDEX India TV Contact Us About Us Careers Advertise Complaint Redressal In the Press Salaam India Awards Investors Column 21 Years Aap ki Adalat BE connected Mobile Zone Mail Alerts Facebook Twitter Fan Blogs on Wordpress Fan Blogs on Blogspot India Tv Contest Hints Other Services Live TV Buzz Photos Videos Gold Contest Latest News in Hindi News India Sports News Business News India Business News Stock Market Live Gold Price © 2009-2016 Independent News Service. All rights reserved. Site Map| Legal disclaimer| Privacy Policy| CSR Policy Scroll
CLOSE Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Trending Now How to Secure Your Ubuntu Network Create Your Own Ubuntu 16.10 Live ISO with the New Linux For All (LFA) Distro Ubuntu Touch OTA-14 Slightly Delayed, New Task Manager Gets Fuzzy Background Docker 1.13.0 Enters Development, to Add Support for Ubuntu 16.10 and Fedora 25 Linux Kernel 4.4.31 LTS Released with Multiple Updated Drivers, Various Fixes Home news System76 Launches New Ubuntu-Powered Lemur Laptop with Intel Kaby Lake CPUs news System76 Launches New Ubuntu-Powered Lemur Laptop with Intel Kaby Lake CPUs By rascal23 - Oct 13, 2016 1625 0 System76, a US-based computer manufacturer specializing in the distribution of notebooks, desktop and server computers powered by the Ubuntu Linux operating system, launched a new model of their famous Lemur laptop. If you’re currently enjoying your excellent Lemur laptop from System76, you should know that a better version is now available, featuring 7th generation Intel i3-7100U or i7-7500U Kaby Lake processors that provide stunning performance and much faster Intel HD 620 graphics. The new Lemur laptop also features up to 32 GB of dual-channel DDR4 RAM. Connectivity-wise, the new Lemur laptop ships with a brand new USB Type-C port, along with one USB 3.0 and one USB 2.0 port, a built-in SD card reader, Gigabit Ethernet, Intel Wireless-AC, Bluetooth, an HDMI 1.4a port, as well as a VGA port. It also features M.2 SSD support for up to 4.5TB storage, stereo speakers and mic, headphone and mic jacks, Kensington lock, and a 720p (1280×960) HD webcam. As expected, the laptop comes pre-installed with the latest Ubuntu 16.04.1 LTS (Xenial Xerus) operating system from Canonical, which will receive maintenance updates for five years, until April 2021. Source: http://news.softpedia.com/news/system76-launches-new-ubuntu-powered-lemur-laptop-with-intel-kaby-lake-cpus-509194.shtml Submitted by: Arnfried Walbrecht Previous articleQuestions for the Wire developers? Next articleFreeBSD 11 Released — The Open Source Operating System Gets New Features rascal23 RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR How to Secure Your Ubuntu Network Create Your Own Ubuntu 16.10 Live ISO with the New Linux For All (LFA) Distro Ubuntu Touch OTA-14 Slightly Delayed, New Task Manager Gets Fuzzy Background NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 16, 2:37 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology HP Refreshes Its Laptop Lineup By Making Them Thinner, Adding Bigger Batteries By Ken Manbert Salcedo On 10/12/16 AT 11:45 PM Close HP has updated its PC lineup with bumped up specs and slimmer designs. HP’s Envy 13 laptop and Spectre x360 laptops will now be available with the seventh-generation Intel Core i5 or i7 processors, while its 27-inch Envy all-in-one PC comes with redesigned speakers and a thinner display. The HP Spectre x360 convertible laptop now comes with a micro-edge bezel design, which removes the large bezels from its previous iteration. The display retains the 13.3-inch screen size as well as the touchscreen feature, but the highest screen resolution available is at 1080p full HD. The new Spectre x360 is also thinner at 13.7 millimeters from 16 millimeters and now weighs 2.85 pound down from 3.17 pounds, according to PCWorld. The new HP Spectre x360 Photo: Engadget The new Spectre x360 also comes with two USB Type-C ports that come with Thunderbolt 3 support and a new webcam with 12 percent wider field of view plus an infrared sensor for Windows Hello. The convertible laptop can be configured to have up to 16GB of RAM and up to 1TB of SSD storage, according to The Verge. One of the best things about this refresh is that it comes with a bigger battery which can now last up to 15 hours on a single charge. The battery can also be charged up to 90 percent in just 90 minutes. The new Spectre x360 will sell for a starting price of $1,159. The HP Envy 13, on the other hand, isn’t as slim as the Spectre x360, but it’s a bit more affordable with a starting price of $849. The new Envy 13 is configurable with up to 16GB of RAM and 1TB of storage. HP says that this model also has a battery that’s 28 percent larger than its predecessor, making it last up to 14 hours on a single charge. The one thing that the Envy 13 that’s better than the Spectre x360 is that consumers have the choice of getting a full HD 1080 display or a quad-HD 1440p display. The new HP Envy 13. Photo: Engadget Lastly, the new 27-inch HP Envy all-in-one comes with a quad HD IPS touchscreen. HP says that it will also be releasing a 4K version at a later date. HP has refreshed the AIO by also adding a new four-speaker system sound bar on its base, while the display itself is suspended from the base to give it a “floating” design. Related Stories HP Enterprise In $8.8B Deal With Micro Focus HP Refreshes Budget-Friendly Stream Laptops, Says Goodbye To HP Stream 13 Like the new laptops, the new Envy AIO will be available in Core i5 and Core i7 configurations. There’s an optional Nvidia GTX950 GPU as well, according to Engadget. The new HP AIO will be available with a starting price of $1,249. All of the refreshed HP computers will be available to buy later this month. The new HP Envy 27-Inch AIO comes with a Bang & Olufsen sound bar on its base. Photo: Engadget “Premium customers have high expectations around device performance and quality for consuming media and productivity whether at home, work or on the go,” HP's VP of Consumer Personal System Kevin Frost said. “We are strengthening our leadership in premium with our redesigned PC portfolio to deliver big power in thin and light designs to be even more portable and revolutionize our all-in-one to bring amazing sound into the home.” Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Report Likens Tax Havens To Disease That Must Be Quarantined The report on the Panama Papers was written by Nobel Prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz and Swiss anti-corruption expert Mark Pieth. Technology Tinder Introduces Transgender Options The dating app allowed users to choose only between male and female till now. World Can A Crowdfunded Telescope Photograph An Earth-Like Planet? Project Blue, launched by an international consortium of scientists, began a Kickstarter campaign Tuesday to raise funds for a telescope that may capture a “pale blue dot” image of an alien planet. National Clinton Email Server Still Top GOP Priority Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., suggested time would be better spent investigating president-elect Donald Trump's finances. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 13 October 2016 | MYT 9:00 AM HP's new PCs raise the spectre of competition Slimmed down: The HP Spectre x360 can be used as a tablet or a notebook and is now even thinner and lighter. — AFP Relaxnews Putting a premium on premium, HP has overhauled its flagship Envy and Spectre devices just in time for the US holiday season. The HP Spectre x360 was already an aesthetically pleasing convertible PC – i.e., it can be used as a tablet or a notebook – but now it's even thinner and lighter for stylish on-the-go productivity. The old model weighed 1.45kg. The new one is 11% lighter and the 13.3in display is now more or less border free. Yet, thanks to new Intel processors and a new battery pack, it should deliver 15 hours' use between charges. HP claims that you will be able to recharge it again to 90% within 90 minutes. The final premium touch is four integrated Bang & Olufsen-tuned speakers. After ages in the doldrums, PC sales are beginning to pick up, particularly in the US, a region where HP is the most popular computer brand (29.9% market share), according to the latest IDC data. "Industry efforts to update products to leverage new processors and operating systems, to deliver a better computing experience encompassing more mobile, secure, and faster systems, and to accelerate PC replacements have been critical," said Loren Loverde, IDC vice president, Worldwide PC Trackers & Forecasting. And much of the updating HP is doing with its premium range is around boosting performance and speed. The new HP Envy laptop has 14 hours' battery life.   For those that don't need a convertible, the new HP Envy laptop now offers 14 hours' battery life and the same fast charging tech found in the Spectre. Its 13.3in display for US$200 (RM840) less (US$849.99/RM3,565 versus US$1,049.99/RM4,405) can also be specified as full HD, Quad HD or full UHD and like the Spectre, the screen runs edge-to-edge. As for performance, there are latest gen core 5 and Core 7 Intel processors available, space for 16GB of RAM and for a 1TB solid state hard drive. It gets two rather than four speakers but they are also of the Bang & Olufsen-tuned variety. The HP Envy AIO 27 has low blue light mode to make binge watching easier.   The final PC to get a makeover is the HP Envy AIO 27. It will cost from US$1,299.99 (RM5,455) but will boast a thinner 27in QHD display designed to reflect how consumers really use computers at home. It has a low blue light mode so that after an evening's binge watching, owners' eyes shouldn't be so sore that they can't sleep. And for the same reason the PC's base includes a four-speaker Bang & Olufsen-tuned soundbar. "We are strengthening our leadership in premium with our redesigned PC portfolio to deliver big power in thin and light designs to be even more portable and revolutionize our all-in-one to bring amazing sound into the home," said Kevin Frost, VP and general manager, consumer personal systems, HP Inc. —  AFP Relaxnews You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Injured Lemeki withdraws from Japan's November tour Indian foreign minister in hospital with kidney failure MRT fare starts at RM1 advertisement Latest News Photo Kit: Taking better photos of your pets (and kids) Make perfect copies of old photos with PhotoScan US trade panel eyes Qualcomm patent complaint against Chinese firms Google commits to post-Brexit UK with major London investment GE acquires two artificial intelligence startups Most Viewed in Tech Make perfect copies of old photos with PhotoScan GE acquires two artificial intelligence startups Best smartphones for the holidays Photo Kit: Taking better photos of your pets (and kids) Singapore to launch blockchain project for interbank payments Google commits to post-Brexit UK with major London investment US trade panel eyes Qualcomm patent complaint against Chinese firms Warning! Traces of grime on your phone reveal your life story Sex hook-up websites' login credentials hacked Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
Skip to main content Check Your Symptoms Find A Doctor Find Lowest Drug Prices Health A-Z Health A-Z Health A-Z Common Conditions ADD/ADHD Allergies Arthritis Cancer Cold, Flu & Cough Depression Diabetes Eye Health Heart Disease Heartburn/GERD Pain Management Sexual Conditions Skin Problems Sleep Disorders View All Resources Symptom Checker Expert Blogs and Interviews Message Boards Insurance Guide Find a Doctor Featured Topics Slideshow Get Tips to Help You Stay Organized Video What to Expect When Donating Blood Drugs & Supplements Drugs & Supplements Drugs & Supplements Find & Review Drugs Supplements Tools Manage Your Medications Pill Identifier Check for Interactions Drug Basics & Safety Commonly Abused Drugs Taking Meds When Pregnant Featured Topics Video Difference Between How Drugs and Supplements Are Regulated Quiz Asprin: The Wonder Drug in Your Medicine Cabinet Living Healthy Living Healthy Living Healthy Diet, Food & Fitness Diet & Weight Management Weight Loss & Obesity Food & Recipes Fitness & Exercise Beauty & Balance Healthy Beauty Health & Balance Sex & Relationships Oral Care Living Well Women's Health Men's Health Aging Well Healthy Teens Fit Kids Featured Topics Video See What Happens During Heart Bypass Surgery News New Research Could Lead to New Acne Treatments Family & Pregnancy Family & Pregnancy Family & Pregnancy All About Pregnancy Getting Pregnant First Trimester Second Trimester Third Trimester View All Parenting Guide Newborn & Baby Children’s Health Children’s Vaccines Raising Fit Kids View All Pet Care Essentials Healthy Cats Healthy Dogs View All Featured Topics Special Report Cancer Takes a Toll on a Small Town Video Is It Lice, or New Super Lice? News & Experts News & Experts News & Experts Health News When and How to Feed Babies Peanuts What Will Trump's Win Mean for Health Care? Migraine and Stroke Risk Linked Again Does C-Section Raise Baby's Obesity Risk? Video: Cancer Takes a Toll on a Small Town Experts & Community Message Boards Expert Blogs News Center Featured Topics Special Report Everyday Faces of PTSD Newsletters Sign Up to Receive Our Free Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscriptions Sign In Subscribe My Profile My Tools My WebMD Pages My Account Sign Out Heart Health Cholesterol Management Heart Disease Heart Failure Hypertension Stroke News Reference Slideshows Quizzes Message Board Find a Cardiologist Related to Heart Health Abnormal Rhythms Angina Atrial Fibrillation Blood Clots Cardiomyopathy Coronary Artery Disease Heart Attack High Blood Pressure & ED Metabolic Syndrome Stress Tests Tuberous Sclerosis More Related Topics Heart Health Heart Rate Wristband Monitors Often Inaccurate In test of 4 models, 2 provided 'suboptimal' readings during exercise; none as accurate as chest strap By Karen Pallarito HealthDay Reporter WEDNESDAY, Oct. 12, 2016 (HealthDay News) -- Watch-like wristbands that monitor heart rate may not offer true readings during exercise, a small study finds. Researchers at the Cleveland Clinic's Heart and Vascular Institute tested four different wrist-worn heart rate monitors. "All worked pretty well at rest," said Dr. Marc Gillinov, the Cleveland Clinic cardiac surgeon who led the experiment. "But as people exercised, the accuracy diminished." None of the four devices achieved the accuracy of a chest strap monitor. In treadmill tests, the Apple Watch and Mio Fuse were the most accurate. The other two devices fell short: Basis Peak, which is no longer being manufactured, overestimated heart rate during moderate exercise, and Fitbit Charge HR underestimated heart rate during more vigorous exercise, the study found. Intel Corp. issued a safety recall last summer due to incidents of the Basis Peak overheating, causing burns or blisters on the skin. Intel and its Basis Science Inc. unit urge people to stop using the device and return it for a full refund. In a statement, Fitbit defended its "PurePulse" technology, saying it performs to industry standards for wrist-based optical heart rate monitors, with an average absolute error of less than 6 beats per minute (bpm) and an average error of less than 6 percent. "Fitbit devices were tested against properly calibrated industry devices like an EKG chest strap across the most popular activities performed worldwide, including walking, running, biking, elliptical and more," the company said. For Fitbit, the findings follow other disappointing reports on its products. Earlier this month, a report in The Lancet Diabetes & Endocrinology found that fitness trackers, including one marketed by Fitbit, fail to boost activity levels enough to improve health. Fitbit said its trackers "are not intended to be medical devices." But, the Cleveland Clinic team noted that cardiac patients increasingly rely on wrist-worn monitors to gauge heart rate during rehabilitation and exercise. These watch-like devices retail from roughly $70 to several hundred dollars, based on prices quoted online. Dr. Mitesh Patel is an assistant professor of medicine at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine in Philadelphia. He studies the impact of technology-based interventions on behavior but was not involved in the new analysis. Continued Despite growing interest in so-called wearables to measure heart rate, there has not been much evaluation of their accuracy, he noted. "For the general consumer, wearable devices may still be able to give them a general sense of their heart rate trends," Patel said. "However, further study is needed to determine which devices are more reliable for use in clinical care." An adult's average resting heart rate is 60 to 100 beats per minute; maximum heart rate is about 220 bpm minus the person's age, according to the American Heart Association. An electrocardiogram records the heart's electrical activity. It's the "gold standard" for measuring heart rate, Gillinov said. A chest strap, which also monitors electrical activity, is just as accurate, he added. Wrist-worn heart monitors use optical sensing technology to detect heart rate. They emit LED light to measure blood flow in and out of tissue, and a sensor picks up that data and converts it into heart rate readings using proprietary algorithms, Gillinov explained. In the study, published online Oct. 12 in the journal JAMA Cardiology, the Cleveland Clinic team recruited 50 healthy men and women, with an average age of 37. Participants wore a Polar H7 chest-strap monitor and were randomly assigned to wear two different wrist-worn monitors during 3-minute intervals of exercise on a treadmill. Heart rate readings were recorded when participants were at rest and at the 3-minute mark of each exercise. Participants exercised at increasing levels of intensity, from 2 to 6 miles per hour (mph), with rests between each exercise. The researchers also measured people's heart rates at three points during their recovery. Compared with electrocardiogram, the optical heart rate monitors varied in accuracy, the investigators found. At 2 and 3 mph, median differences of roughly 9 and 7 bpm, respectively, were recorded between the Basis Peak. With Fitbit, researchers recorded median differences of approximately 7 and 6 bpm at 4 and 6 mph, respectively. "We're not being nitpicky because as people moved, we had readings that could be off by 30 and 40 bpm, so it's not a small difference," Gillinov said. Continued His advice? "If you're an elite athlete and you're using your heart rate to guide training, or you're a cardiac patient who's been given specific heart rate targets or ranges, use a chest strap," he advised. WebMD News from HealthDay Sources SOURCES: Marc Gillinov, M.D., staff cardiac surgeon, Cleveland Clinic; Mitesh Patel, M.D., M.B.A., assistant professor, medicine and health care management, Perelman School of Medicine and Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia; Intel Corp., Santa Clara, Calif.; Fitbit, San Francisco; Oct. 12, 2016, JAMA Cardiology, online Copyright © 2013-2016 HealthDay. All rights reserved. Pagination Top Picks Cholesterol Medicines: Which Drug Is Right for You? Tips for Heart-Healthy Living with Diabetes The Dangers of Pre-Hypertension Can You Reverse Heart Disease? The Truth About Omega-3 How to Wreck Your Heart Today on WebMD Raise Your HDL How to boost your ‘good’ cholesterol. Are You at Risk for Stroke? Learn the causes. How to Wreck Your Heart 5 habits to change. 5 Heart Rate Myths What’s normal? What’s not? Recommended for You Slideshow 24 Foods That Can Save Your Heart QUIZ Cholesterol Fact or Fiction Slideshow 12 Clues You Could Have Heart Disease Slideshow The Best Ways to Nourish Your Heart SLIDESHOW Heart Health and ED: What’s the Link? SLIDESHOW 15 Simple Ways to Lower Cholesterol SLIDESHOW See Simple Ways to Lower Blood Pressure Slideshow Heart Failure: Causes, Symptoms, and Treatments Tools & Resources Which Cholesterol Med Is Right for You? The Warning Signs of Stroke After a Heart Attack How to Wreck Your Heart Heartburn or Heart Attack? Q&A: Exercise for Heart Health Doctors Near You WebMD Doctor Finder WebMD does not endorse specific physicians. Find Near Who accept Any Insurance Search Doctors Health Solutions Knee Pain Management Transitional Care Cancer Treatments Overactive Bladder? IBS-C Symptoms? Skin Cancer Treatment Osteoarthritis Knee Pain Fight Prostate Cancer Digestive Sensitivities Enrolling in Medicare Breakfast Solutions Aortic Valve Stenosis? Knees & Exercise Expert Orthopedic Care Treatment for Knee Pain More from WebMD Knee Pain Assessment Control Your Blood Sugar Psoriasis MS Assessment Anaphylaxis ADHD in Children Diabetes Diet Hodgkin's Lymphoma Multiple Myeloma Hearing Loss: Its Causes and Treatment Myths and Facts About Prostate Cancer A Visual Guide to Asthma COPD Prostate Cancer Clinical Trials Diabetes Assessment Live Better With Diabetes Atrial Fibrillation Assessment Treating Advanced Prostate Cancer Visit WebMD on Facebook Visit WebMD on Twitter Visit WebMD on Pinterest Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us About About WebMD Careers Newsletter Corporate WebMD Health Services Site Map Accessibility WebMD Network Medscape Medscape Reference MedicineNet eMedicineHealth RxList OnHealth BootsWebMD First Aid WebMD Magazine WebMD Health Record Dictionary Physician Directory Our Apps WebMD Mobile WebMD App Pregnancy Baby Allergy Pain Coach WebMD Magazine Medscape TheHeart For Sponsors Advertise with Us Advertising Policy Sponsor Policy © 2005 - 2016 WebMD, LLC. All rights reserved. WebMD does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. See additional information.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. America's Dazzling Tech Boom Has a Downside: Not Enough Jobs The Wall Street Journal. 10/12/2016 Jon Hilsenrath, Bob Davis Click to expand Replay Video 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving AAA says 48.7 million Americans will be traveling this Thanksgiving. CNBC Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Two of the world’s biggest internet companies, Google and Facebook, are taking new steps to fight the rising tide of fake news. Conspiracy theories and misleading information from no-name sites masquerading as news exploded on their platforms during this campaign cycle. Both companies have come under fire for widely-shared fake news stories. Such stories spread false information about the candidates. Wochit Tech New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Helicopters have started evacuating parts of New Zealand, a day after a powerful earthquake killed two people and triggered massive landslides cutting off the town of Kaikoura. As Eve Johnson reports, the cost of repairs has been put in the billions. Reuters PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Are Robots Ready for the Jobs Humans Don’t Want? The Wall Street Journal. See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving CNBC0:46 Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Wochit Tech1:13 New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Reuters1:05 How US workers would lose in a trade war with China The Wall Street Journal.2:24 Apple selling $300 book with photos of products CNBC0:40 New technology helping airlines find lost bags Wochit Tech0:45 Obamacare architect: Premiums have actually gone down Fox Business5:26 Is Britain building enough new homes? BBC News3:09 Russian Economy Minister accused of bribery Reuters0:53 Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Forbes1:10 Samsung's drive toward smarter cars The Wall Street Journal.1:30 US internet companies issue requests to Trump Wochit Tech0:45 What does a Trump presidency mean for the Fed? CNN Money1:21 Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Wochit Business0:59 American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year Reuters0:48 Australia's pearl industry struggles to shine The Wall Street Journal.5:05 UP NEXT The technology revolution has delivered Google searches, Facebook friends, iPhone apps, Twitter rants and shopping for almost anything on Amazon, all in the past decade and a half. Quotes in the article Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 743.24 +24.17 +3.36% Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 107.11 +1.40 +1.32% Microsoft Corp MSFT ▲ 58.87 +0.75 +1.29% Intel Corp INTC ▲ 34.91 +0.43 +1.25% What it hasn’t delivered are many jobs. Google’s Alphabet Inc. and Facebook Inc. had at the end of last year a total of 74,505 employees, about one-third fewer than Microsoft Corp. even though their combined stock-market value is twice as big. Photo-sharing service Instagram had 13 employees when it was acquired for $1 billion by Facebook in 2012. Hiring in the computer and chip sectors dove after companies shifted hardware production outside the U.S., and the newest tech giants needed relatively few workers. The number of technology startups fizzled. Growth in productivity and wages slowed, and income inequality rose as machines replaced routine, low- and middle-income, human-powered work. This outcome is a far cry from what many political leaders, tech entrepreneurs and economists predicted about a generation ago. In 2000, President Bill Clinton said in his last State of the Union address: “America will lead the world toward shared peace and prosperity and the far frontiers of science and technology.” His economic team trumpeted “the ferment of rapid technological change” as one of the U.S. economy’s “principal engines” of growth. The gap between what the tech boom promised and then delivered is another source of the rumbling national discontent that powered the rise this year of political outsiders Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders. The tech-powered disappointment is subtler than the anger caused by the crushing impact of China’s import invasion and the perceived failures of government institutions like the Federal Reserve in guiding the economy. Instead, it stems from the idea that Americans expected larger economic gains from these amazing new machines and the companies that created them, not a widening between the haves and have-nots. “There is a growing sense of frustration that people haven’t seen the progress that their parents and grandparents did,” says Erik Brynjolfsson, a Massachusetts Institute of Technology economist whose work has chronicled how technology widens the income gap between rich and poor. “That frustration spills into the political arena.” In 1997, Time magazine named computer-chip maker Intel Corp.’s chief executive, Andrew S. Grove, who died in March 2016, as “Man of the Year.” Amazon.com Inc. CEO Jeff Bezos won in 1999. Companies spent billions of dollars reprogramming their computers for the Year 2000 bug, and profitless dot-com startups won giant valuations from optimistic investors.© David Paul Morris/Bloomberg News The bursting of the dot-com bubble in early 2000, the recession in 2001 and deepening globalization proved to be turning points for the tech economy and its broader impact on American prosperity. U.S. tech companies accelerated the reshuffling of their supply networks to China and elsewhere in Asia, places filled with growth potential and cheap labor. Hardware makers concentrated production overseas to supply U.S. and foreign computer makers. After rising through the 1990s, total employment at computer and electronic firms in the U.S. sank to 1.03 million in August 2016 from 1.87 million in 2001, according to Labor Department statistics. Employment at semiconductor makers fell by half to 359,000 in the same period. In the 1990s, Micron Technology Inc. was a successful example of how far the tech industry reached beyond its nexus in Silicon Valley. Based in Boise, Idaho, Micron was founded by Idaho farmers and businessmen, including the late billionaire J.R. Simplot, who supplied McDonald’s Corp. with most of its frozen french fries and had “MR SPUD” license plates on his pickup truck. Micron’s workforce quadrupled to 18,800 between 1994 and 2000, with the growth overwhelmingly in the U.S. The company fought with Japan in the 1980s to restrict imported memory chips and protect its U.S. base. These days, Micron is a case study in how technology companies have exported jobs to other countries. As of 2013, the most recently disclosed data, Micron had 11,300 workers in the U.S., down from 14,000 in 2000. The company’s non-U.S. workforce surged to 19,600, mainly in China and other Asian nations, from 4,800. Securities filings show that the percentage of employees at Micron who were in the U.S. shrank to 37% from 74% in the same period. The company stopped disclosing the annual percentage in 2014. A Micron spokesman says much of the growth outside the U.S. came from acquisitions. “What we’re doing is replacing more resources there to support the growing customer base—both the multinationals that are leveraging the low labor-cost areas in China, in particular, as well as the indigenous Chinese manufacturers,” Mike Sadler, Micron’s head of sales, told analysts in 2014. He is now Micron’s strategic chief. The Semiconductor Industry Association says semiconductors remain a big U.S. business and are America’s third-largest export, trailing cars and aircraft. Apple Inc. followed a similar path. Co-founder Steve Jobs made it a mission early in his Apple career and after creating NeXT Inc., another computer maker, to revitalize U.S. manufacturing. Macintosh computers rolled off the line at an Apple factory “like a Holiday Inn toaster turns out toasted bagels,” says Brent Schlender, who co-wrote a biography of Mr. Jobs. By the time Mr. Jobs died in 2011, Apple made nearly every one of its products outside America, largely in Asia. Apple halted U.S. manufacturing in 2004 and didn’t resume until 2013, when it began producing Mac Pro personal computers in Austin, Texas. Apple says it employs about 80,000 workers in the U.S., or two-thirds of the company’s overall workforce. About half the U.S. employees have retail jobs. An Apple spokeswoman says it is “creating jobs in new industries like the App Economy,” or apps developed for the iPhone, and is “a major contributor to U.S. manufacturing” by buying American-made components and materials. Mr. Schlender, the Jobs biographer, says it made sense to assemble the iPod outside the U.S. when production began in 2001. “The components were hard to make, and putting them together was a labor-intensive job because everything was so small,” he says. “You had to piece it together by hand.” The computer-hardware exodus spread. International Business Machines Corp., the company that turned computers into a big business, was born in Endicott, N.Y., and built its first factories there. From 2001 to 2015, though, employment in computer and electronics manufacturing in surrounding Broome County fell about two-thirds to 3,055 jobs. Warehouses and transportation companies scooped up some laid-off workers at salaries of less than half those paid in high-tech manufacturing, says Christian Harris, an analyst for the New York State Department of Labor. American tech workers are getting a smaller piece of the economic pie created from what they produce. As of 2014, employee compensation in computer and electronic-parts making was equal to 49% of the value of the industry’s output, down from 79% in 1999, according to the Commerce Department. While other tech jobs have been created in sectors such as software publishing, that growth is smaller than the losses in tech manufacturing. Since 2002, the number of technology startups has slowed, hurting job creation. In a 2014 study, economists Javier Miranda, John Haltiwanger and Ian Hathaway said the growth of tech startups accelerated to 113,000 in 2001 from 64,000 in 1992. That number slumped to 79,000 in 2011 and hasn’t recovered, according to the economists’ calculations using updated data. The causes include global competition and increased domestic regulation, says Mr. Haltiwanger, an economics professor at the University of Maryland. Another problem is that fewer tech companies have gone public, which can enrich early employees and spawn more jobs as companies grow. Jay Ritter, a professor at the University of Florida’s Warrington College of Business, says there were 548 initial public offerings of technology-related companies from 2001 to 2015. From 1990 to 2000, by contrast, 1,853 went public. The latest generation of hot tech startups has attracted a mountain of venture-capital funding and gigantic valuations, led by Uber Technologies Inc., which was worth $68 billion as of June. The influx of wealth has created more prosperity in Silicon Valley but exemplifies the economic polarization rippling through America. WhatsApp had more than 450 million users world-wide when Facebook bought the messaging service for $19 billion in 2014, turning founder Jan Koum into a billionaire several times over. At the time of the acquisition, WhatsApp had 55 employees. Economists call the phenomenon “skill-biased technical change.” The spoils of growth go to those few people with skills and luck and who are best positioned to take advantage of new technology. The five largest U.S.-based technology companies by stock-market value—Apple, Alphabet, Microsoft, Facebook and Oracle Corp.—are worth a combined $1.8 trillion today. That is 80% more than the five largest tech companies in 2000. Today’s five giants have 22% fewer workers than their predecessors, or a total of 434,505 as of last year, compared with 556,523 at Cisco Systems Inc., Intel, IBM, Oracle and Microsoft in 2000. Amazon uses 45,000 small robots at about one-third of its U.S. warehouses to automate order processing. The robots look like bread boxes on wheels, lifting modular shelves stuffed with products and carrying the shelves to workers who pick out pieces. An Amazon spokesman says the company has added about 200,000 employees since it began using the robots in early 2012. Amazon has 268,000 employees world-wide. Robots aren’t dexterous enough yet to identify different sized-packages, pick the right ones and place them safely in boxes, says Mr. Brynjolfsson, the MIT economist. That is the fundamental skill in warehousing. Researchers now are trying to automate that part of the job, too. In coming decades, machines are likely to replace new forms of routine work done by humans. From 1991 to 2001, the number of secretaries declined about 35%, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The number of textile and apparel workers fell 37%. For a long time, those with bachelor’s degrees in science seemed to be safe from automation-related layoffs because their cognitive knowledge was tough for computers to duplicate. Less-educated workers who dispense personal service, such as home health aides or masseuses, also seemed safe. Harvard University economist David Deming estimates that the hollowing-out of work spread to programmers, librarians and engineers between 2000 and 2012. As much as $2 trillion worth of human economic activity could be automated away using existing technologies, such as Amazon’s robots, in coming years, consulting firm McKinsey & Co. estimates. Knightscope Inc., based in Mountain View, Calif., makes robots that serve as night watchmen. About three dozen are on patrol, including at shopping malls, corporate campuses such as Microsoft’s in Mountain View and the new home arena of the Sacramento Kings. Knightscope clients pay $7 an hour per robot. “Robots don’t complain,” says Stacy Stephens, a Knightscope co-founder and vice president of marketing and sales. “There’s no pension. And there’s no worker’s comp,” he adds. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Wall Street Journal Harlem se perfila como el próximo enclave del mundo del arte The Wall Street Journal. Glencore Unit Made Payments to Businessman Accused of Bribery The Wall Street Journal. Harlem Gives President Trump a Chance The Wall Street Journal. The Wall Street Journal. View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
← prev Book Project Links Popular Articles Quizzes About Contact next → Yantar Mon 17 October 2016 By H I Sutton Updated 17th Oct 2016. Originally posted 9th Oct. 2016. Russian ship loitering near undersea cables This article would not be possible without info from unnamed others. All info presented is OSINT. Special thanks to Steffan Watkins (Twitter). Any errors are solely the responsibility of the author. Feedback and further info welcome. Russian spy ship ‘Yantar’ (Project 22010) has been loitering in the vicinity of undersea cables in Eastern Med. She left the area of Turcyos-2 cable early on 10th October 2016 and headed south toward IMEWE cable where she arrived at 1700hrs UTC and held station. She searched there until 16th-17th when she moved north again to the vicinity of the UGARIT undersea cable between Syria and Cyprus: View plots with cable overlays: Steffan Watkins HERE New analysis of the search pattern and speeds near the IMEWE cable suggests that she is deploying some large vehicle, either one of her manned submersibles or a large ROV (remote Operated Vehicle) such as Ellipse (Эллипс) or Krylo (Крыло): Position data from Steffan Watkins (Twitter) She has made a series of extremely slow parallel runs on approximately a NNE-SSW line. These runs are usually at less than 1kt which is far slower than would be required for towed sonar. Additionally they are usually preceded by lengthy pauses suggesting a comparatively large vehicle being put into the water. And the ship often remains stationary for very long periods suggesting maintenance, or that the hosted craft (mini-sub or ROV) is active on the sea floor in a single position. Or is rising or sinking very slowly. An ideal gift for Christmas - Covert Shores 2nd Edition. A world history of naval Special Forces, their missions and their specialist vehicles. SEALs, SBS, COMSUBIN, Sh-13, Spetsnaz, Kampfschwimmers, Commando Hubert, 4RR and many more. Check it out on Amazon In September last year Yantar caused concern in Intelligence and Naval circles when it hung off the US coast on its way to Cuba where undersea cables land near Guantánamo Bay. (Ref. New York Times). On October 3rd Yantar passed south through the Bosporus with a declared destination of Oman. However, she has been loitering in the Eastern Mediterranean in the vicinity of the undersea cables connecting Turkey and Northern Cyprus. Ship location data from Marine traffic shows that Yantar has been loitering off the Syrian coast for the last five days. The earlier position off Turkey: Map source http://www.submarinecablemap.com Yantar photographed heading south through the Bosphorus on 3rd October. Credit Yörük Işık, Twitter. CLICK for HIGH RESOLUTION: Credit Alper Boler, Twitter. CLICK for HIGH RESOLUTION: Yantar (actually Cruys) was launched in 2014 and joined the Russian Navy in 2015. It is described variously as a ‘Special Purpose Ship’ and an ‘Oceanographic vessel’ which is a euphemism for a spy ship. She can host two deep submergence submarines for undersea engineering missions. These missions are thought to include cable cutting, laying of bugs and related intelligence missions. The two submersibles are the 3-man pr.16810 "Rus" (AS-37 Russia) and pr.16811 "Consul" (AS-39 Consul) which can dive to 6,000m (20,000ft). The crew are housed in a strong spherical chamber in the center and it is equipped with hydraulic manipulators. AS-37 Russia AS-39 Consul Yantar is also equipped with large Remote Operated Vehicles (ROVs), and likely with towed sonar and Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs). The mini-subs are stored in a hangar and are launched and retrieved over the stern of Yantar. Photographed by Alper Boler, Twitter. As well as the stern swig-arm rig, Yantar is equipped with a massive hangar on the starboard side which launches vehicles over the side. CLICK for HIGH RESOLUTION: Side launching arm for mini-subs: The mini-sub shown is AS-39 Consul: Yantar can hold position by using her steerable azimuth thrusters. She is also equipped with twin bow thrusters. Related Articles Project 09852 Belgorod Special Mission submarine (spy sub) Russian Losharik spy sub Project 1910 UNIFORM Class deep diving spy sub USS Halibut USS Seawolf (SSN-575) Russian X-RAY Class spy sub Russian Sarov experimental sub P.09851 KHABAROVSK and KANYON (Status-6) Naval Spetsnaz in Hybrid Warfare (Russian SDVs and DPVs) Soviet Project 1015 'SPLC' Special Purpose midget submarine
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing Specialized processors might reignite performance scaling, but they’ll also change the nature of computing forever Specialized processors might reignite performance scaling, but they’ll also change the nature of computing forever By Joel Hruska on October 4, 2016 at 7:30 am Comment Modern CPU scaling has largely flatlined, thanks to a combination of scaling challenges, intrinsic limits to silicon performance, and a general shift in the market towards lower power devices. Chip designers who want to continue to push the limits of what computers are capable of need to look to specialized architectures and custom designs. That was the message at the Linley Processor Forum according to Linley Gwennap, principle analyst at the Linley Group. Dean Takahashi covered the event for VentureBeat and reports that Linley’s comments dovetail with the industry trends we’ve seen emerging over the last few years. Companies like Nvidia are marketing their chips as ideal for deep learning and AI calculations. Intel purchased the FPGA manufacturer Altera and has built its own specialty coprocessor hardware, dubbed the Xeon Phi. From IBM’s TrueNorth to Qualcomm’s heterogeneous compute capabilities in the Snapdragon 820, a number of companies are attacking performance problems in a wide variety of ways. Self-driving cars, drone deliveries, and even chatbot AI could transform computing as we know it today  — but not without fundamentally changing how we think about computers. Unintended consequences, industry trends, and power consumption For most of the past 40 years, the story of personal computing was, well, personal. Desktops and laptops were positioned as devices that allowed the customer to rip music, explore the Internet, write, work, game, or stay in touch with family and friends. In the beginning, the hardware that enabled many of these functions was mounted in separate expansion slots or installed in co-processor sockets on the motherboard. Over time, these capabilities were either integrated into the motherboard and CPU socket. Channel I/O and FPU coprocessors went away, as did most independent sound cards. Dedicated GPUs have hung on thanks to intrinsic thermal issues, but on-die graphics solutions from AMD and Intel have improved every single year. There was a simple, virtuous cycle at work: The computer industry collectively delivered faster hardware, consumers bought it, and developers took advantage of it. The initial end to CPU clock scaling went nearly unnoticed, thanks to the widespread availability (and superiority) of dual-and-quad-core chips compared with their single-core predecessors. This cycle has been repeated in smartphones and tablets, but we’ve already seen signs that the rate of improvement is slowing. To demonstrate, here’s a graph of Apple iPhone single-core CPU performance in Geekbench 2 and Geekbench 3. We split the data into two sections to capture how the various iDevices compared over time, and to capture the shift from GB2 to GB3 when the latter became available. We’re using Apple because that company has spent more resources on improving its single-core performance than the various Android SoC developers, which tend to prioritize higher core counts. From 2008 to 2012, single-core CPU benchmark scores in Geekbench 2 increased from 141 on the iPhone 3G to 1602 on the iPhone 5. That’s a nearly 12x improvement in just four years. From 2012 to 2016, Apple’s single-threaded CPU performance improved from 699 to 3500. While this still represents excellent scaling, the net improvement is roughly 5x  — less than half the level of scaling we saw from 2008 to 2012. There are a number of reasons for this. Apple’s CPU designs are maturing and process node shrinks often don’t offer the same degree of improvement. But the other explanation is thermal — smartphones and tablets have hard TDP limits that prevent them from scaling upwards indefinitely. The slideshow below steps through some of the major advances in computing from the 1950s through the present day. How cloud computing changes the equation These limitations drive research in two different, seemingly contradictory outcomes. On the one hand, we’ve seen the smartphone industry integrate sophisticated sensors, DSPs, and other specialized co-processors to provide additional functionality without increasing power consumption. At the same time, there’s been a huge push towards the idea of cloud computing. Whether you’re riding in a self-driving car, conversing with a chatbot, or searching the web, companies like Microsoft, Google, and Nvidia have been jumping on the specialized processor bandwagon. IBM has TrueNorth, Google has TensorFlow, and we’ve written about other alternative architectures and methods for solving complex problems at multiple points at ET. AMD is the only company that’s really shipped an integrated programmable device with specialized hardware and heterogeneous compute support — and there are no publicly available HSA applications in-market that we’re aware of. As AMD’s issues demonstrate, the problem with pushing specialized new architectures into the consumer market is that there’s little reason for developers to take advantage of them, and therefore little reason for consumers to take interest. This classic chicken-and-egg problem is only worse now that consumers hold on to PC hardware for longer and longer periods of time. If you don’t upgrade, you don’t get the general performance or battery life improvements baked into newer hardware, much less any specialized acceleration equipment. Instead of trying to nudge products out into the market and then encourage broad adoption, Microsoft, Google, and other companies are building their own data centers in-house and applying their own expertise directly to hardware. That’s not to say the trend is entirely in one direction — Microsoft’s HoloLens depends on a custom-built HPU, or Holographic Processor Unit. But hardware like the HPU may be more of an exception than the rule, particularly considering that the device costs $3,000 and is explicitly marketed to developers. Microsoft’s HoloLens. Image by EETimes There are practical advantages to bringing hardware development in-house. It’s much easier for a company to tweak an algorithm or experiment with new features or data analysis when it doesn’t have to worry about pushing that update out to thousands of customers. Desktop PCs and some laptops could handle the heat output from custom microprocessors, but nobody wants an FPGA in a smartphone. Giving the customer what they want means keeping portable devices thin and light, particularly since battery scaling historically hasn’t kept pace with existing computing power. Move those workloads to specialized cloud databases, and you can deliver the services customers want without waiting on developers to take advantage of features. When Microsoft began integrating FPGAs into its data centers, it was able to tweak algorithms constantly rather than trying to push those updates out to consumer hardware or otherwise take advantage of specialized fixed-function hardware. This trend isn’t all upside, at least not if you prefer the existing model that puts premium performance in the hands of individuals who invest a relatively limited amount of money in hardware. By keeping advances in software tied to hardware running in custom data centers, Google, Facebook, and other companies can also keep their algorithms and intelligence proprietary and strictly off-limits. If you want to run an open-source operating system today, there are a wide range of choices with varying degrees of openness, some of which rely on no closed-source code. There’s no real equivalent in the realm of AI — no Cortana or Siri-equivalents, at least not yet (there are some projects underway). The other risk in this kind of model is that it truly makes Internet connectivity essential — and that means it pushes more people towards carrier plans that often have no basis in objective reality when it comes to per-GB costs for data. But it also suggests a future in which computing performance continues to advance, provided certain issues related to network scaling, cost, and availability can be overcome. It could help drive down the long-term cost of computing devices, but the current carriers in the US have data plans that will soak up any one-time savings in long-term fees. Moving away from the personal and into the cloud could restart scaling and allow manufacturers to deliver much faster experiences than they can today. But the hardware that drives said experiences may never be available to common consumers. Whether this is a good thing depends on whether you think widespread availability and low cost were key drivers of the computer revolution or merely temporary factors that are no longer necessary. Tagged In microsoft google intel amd cpus gpus qualcomm ibm artificial intelligence facebook ai Self-Driving Cars processors siri cloud computing Cortana bing FPGAs datacenters ASICs Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles ET deals roundup: Save on 4K UHDTVs, laptops, and Swiss Gear before Black Friday Nov 15 Apple’s new $300 coffee table book contains 450 product photos, little else Nov 15 Can artificial intelligence solve America’s crisis of democracy? Nov 15 IBM, Nvidia release new PowerAI software suite for deep learning projects Nov 15 Electric cars and hybrids will soon have to announce their presence Nov 15 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement AdChoices Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
India World Videos Photos Cricket Movies Auto Sports Lifestyle Tech Education Business Cosmopolitan NEWS LIST INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS News Inbox Top News Most Read Editor's Picks Funalytics Opinion Hot Right Now See MoreSee Less India Today NEWS TV MAGAZINE Search Jobs Mail Today US Elections Digital India Movies India World Photos videos Cricket Tech FYI Auto Lifestyle Travel Sports Politics Food Education Business Money Top news Opinion Most Read Editor's Pick Funalytics Cosmopolitan News PTI feed facbook twitter googlepluse Sonakshi most sensational celebrity in Indian cyberspace PTI  Follow @PTI_News   pti@intoday.com October 12, 2016 | UPDATED 21:10 IST A +A - New Delhi, Oct 12 (PTI) Bollywood actress Sonakshi Sinha has topped the list of "most sensational celebrities" of 2016 as cyber crooks use her name to lure netizens to malicious websites, a report said today. According to McAfee Most Sensational Celebrities 2016, a search for Sonakshi Sinha + Torrent results in a 21 per cent chance of connecting to a malicious website. Searches for the actress overall had a risk percentage of 11.11 per cent. The global study, published by Intel Security, explores how hackers use pop culture icons like Bollywood celebrities to generate risky search results, exposing fans to viruses and malware. The report found that Gen-Y stars including Sonakshi Sinha, Tiger Shroff, Arjun Kapoor, Shraddha Kapoor, Kriti Sanon and Alia Bhatt comprised 50 per cent of the top 10 list for 2016. Priyanka Chopra, who was the most sensational celebrity for 2015, is down to No 7 spot this year with 7.56 per cent risk percentage. "This years list saw major changes as younger (Gen-Y) movie celebrities are making their presence felt in the top 10 list," the report said. Farhan Akhtar ranked second in the list (racing from No 11 in 2015) with 9.56 per cent risk percentage, followed by Kareena Kapoor at No 3 (from No 10 last year) (8.67 per cent) and Tiger Shroff and Arjun Kapoor jointly at No 4 and 8.44 per cent risk. Shraddha Kapoor ranked at the fifth spot, down from No 2 in 2015. With the increasing penetration of broadband, consumers rely on internet to find more information like award and TV shows as well as movie premieres, album releases, celebrity breakups and more, leaving them vulnerable. "...hackers can take advantage of consumer interest around several facets of Bollywood cinema news and entice unsuspecting fans to visit sites loaded with malware that can steal passwords and personal information," it added. Venkat Krishnapur, head of R&D operations for Intel Securitys India Development Centre, said cybercriminals are increasingly targeting consumers who access information on-the-go, without considering the potential security risks online around celebrity interest. "We at Intel Security remain committed to creating a positive online experience by educating and protecting the Indian consumers," he added. The report said users must be aware of clicking on third party links and ensure they use web protection that notifies them of risky sites or links before they visit them. Also, they should be cautious when searching for torrent as this term appeared to be, by far, the riskiest search term. "Cybercriminals can use torrents to embed malware within authentic files making it difficult to determine if a file is safe. It?s best to avoid using torrents especially when there are so many legitimate streaming options available," the report said. PTI SR ABM   This is unedited, unformatted feed from the Press Trust of India wire.   # Sonakshi Sinha# risk percentage# Shraddha Kapoor# Arjun Kapoor# sensational celebrities# actress Sonakshi Sinha# Tiger Shroff# risky search results# Intel Security# Bollywood cinema news   Recommended Watch Right Now Top Takes NEWS INDIA WORLD PHOTOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS SITEMAP Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.       
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Mobile   /   Intel Launches Its First Branded Drone       Intel Launches Its First Branded Drone     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-10-12 Print               The Falcon 8+ is the result of the chip maker buying Ascending Technologies earlier this year and is aimed at industrial and commercial uses. Intel officials have cited drones as an important growth market for the chip maker, and the company has been aggressive in getting its technologies—including silicon and software—into devices from other companies. Now Intel is rolling out a drone of its own, with the company's name not only on components inside the unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), but also on the outside. At the InterGeo 2016 show this week, Intel officials unveiled the Falcon 8+, the company's first branded drone. It builds off the work done on the Falcon 8, a commercial drone developed by Ascending Technologies, a startup that Intel had worked with before buying it earlier this year. The octocopter is designed for industrial and commercial work, including inspection, surveying and mapping, and comes with a broad range of capabilities and a sophisticated control unit. "Drones are an important computing platform for the future, and Intel is positioning itself at the forefront of this opportunity to provide the compute, sensor, communications and cloud integration for the growing drone ecosystem," Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's New Technology Group, wrote in a post on the company blog. "The system provides detailed images down to millimeter accuracy and gives valuable structural analysis that helps users detect and prevent further damage to infrastructure. Operators will have tremendous opportunities to generate valuable aerial precision data." The drone market—for both consumers and business users—is expected to grow rapidly in the coming years. In a recent report on the general state of aviation in the United States, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) predicted that by 2020 about 4.3 million UAVs will be sold to consumers, and another 2.7 million will be sold to businesses for commercial use. The FAA is trying to get out in front of the trend by developing regulations regarding drone operations. Intel and Qualcomm have been among the most aggressive chip makers in the drone space. Intel has worked with and invested in drone makers like Yuneec—whose Typhoon H uses Intel's RealSense 3D camera technology to help navigate and avoid obstacles—and Ascending, which had rolled out the AscTec Falcon 8, which also includes Intel products. Intel also offers the Intel Aero Platform that gives developers the foundation on which to build their own drones. The chip maker also is partnering with AT&T to test drone capabilities and has put on nighttime displays where a hundred drones are launched into the sky and operated by a single pilot. In addition, CEO Brian Krzanich chairs an FAA advisory board that will help the agency create regulations for drones. Drone developers initially targeted the consumer space, but now more of the systems—such as the AscSec 8—are making their way into the commercial market. Now comes the Falcon 8+ from Intel. The new UAV reportedly can travel  up to 35 mph, and includes Intel's Powerpack for longer battery life—up to 26 minutes at a time—and the AscTec Trinity technology, which officials described as a triple-redundant autopilot that includes measurement capabilities that make up for external pressures like electromagnetic fields or strong winds. The drone is controlled via the Intel Cockpit, which uses an Intel-based tablet (most other user faces are based on smartphones), which company officials said makes for easier operation. The controller is water-resistant, features a joystick and supports live views of up to 1080p resolutions.           LATEST MOBILE ARTICLES   Revamped Google Play Music to Use Machine Learning to Suggest Songs Google Rebuts EU Complaint About Android Bundling Charges GoPro Recalls All 2,500 of the New Karma Drones Sold to Customers Google Gives Gmail for iOS Major Overhaul NXP Unveils New Technologies for Autonomous Vehicles                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Join IEEE | IEEE.org | IEEE Xplore Digital Library | IEEE Standards | IEEE Spectrum | More Sites Follow on: Advertisement Engineering Topics  Special Reports  Blogs  Multimedia  The Magazine  Professional Resources  Search  Automaton Robotics Robotics Software Upgrading My TurtleBot: Intel Joule, Raspberry Pi, or Something in Between? By Erico Guizzo Posted 7 Oct 2016 | 19:45 GMT Photo: Intel TurtleBot powered by Intel Joule module at the Intel Developer Forum in August. I really enjoy my TurtleBot. I haven’t programmed it to do anything very useful, like bringing me coffee, but it’s still a lot of fun: It lets even a n00b like me explore and learn a bit about ROS, or Robot Operating System, the influential software platform used by a growing number of robotics researchers and companies around the world. My kids seem to like the TurtleBot, too. It’s now decorated with “Frozen” stickers and a drawing of what I assume is Elsa’s face. Now, after nearly three years, ElsaBot needs an upgrade. In addition to a new battery pack, I’m considering replacing the Asus netbook that powers the robot. Something smaller, more powerful, and less ugly would be great. Looking at what other TurtleBot owners have done, I think one option to consider is picking one of the many ARM-based systems that support ROS—Qualcomm’s Snapdragon, Nvidia’s Jetson, or even a Raspberry Pi. At only $35, a Raspberry Pi 2 or 3 looks particularly enticing, although the install documentation looks particularly frightening (n00b, remember?). For a little more money, there’s the TurtleBot 2e project, based on a Qualcomm DragonBoard 410c ($75), but again, the installation looks quite complex. Image: Intel The Intel Joule 570x development kit includes a 64-bit, 1.7 GHz quad-core Intel Atom processor, 4 GB RAM, 16 GB eMMC memory, 4K video capture and display, 802.11ac Wi-Fi, USB 3.0, and other interfaces. The compute module itself (the silver rectangle above) is about the size of two quarters side by side; the rest of the dev board is used for I/O ports. Yet another option I’m looking into is Intel’s Joule [right], a new computer board aimed at robots, drones, AR/VR, computer vision, and Internet of Things (IoT) devices. The board has impressive specs, including 4K video and support for Intel’s RealSense depth camera. The only bad thing: This thing is pricey! The high-end version, the Joule 570x, is on sale for $370. So, yeah, you can get 10 Raspberry Pi boards for the same amount. Clearly, the Joule is not designed for your average DIY project; Intel says it’s for developers, manufacturers, and entrepreneurs who are working on high-performance applications and want to get products to market fast. It plans to introduce the Joule 550x, a less expensive version, as well as stand-alone Joule modules, later this year. OH SNAP! A few weeks ago I saw a short YouTube video showing a Joule-powered TurtleBot. It turned out to be part of a demo that Canonical, the company behind the Ubuntu Linux operating system, prepared for the Intel Developer Forum (IDF) in August. To find out more about that project, I spoke with Michael Benz, the Canonical engineer who set up the TurtleBot for the event. Benz says that, for a device like Joule, you’d want to use Ubuntu Core, also known as Snappy, a stripped-down version of the full Ubuntu OS that offers more speed, stability, and security. And to run applications on Snappy, instead of conventional app installs, you’d use so-called snaps. “Snaps are self-contained packages, so they have everything they need to run on top of the OS,” he explains. “Snaps are self-contained packages, so they have everything they need to run on top of the OS. [For a ROS app] the snap would run a dependency check and pull in every ROS piece needed and bundle all in a package”—Michael Benz, Canonical For a TurtleBot application like the one he developed for IDF—the robot drove within a tape-delimited area while streaming video to a nearby computer—the snap would “run a dependency check and pull in every ROS piece that it needs and bundle all in a package,” Benz says, adding that the snap would be Ubuntu release-independent. This month, Canonical is expected to release an Ubuntu Core image for Joule (images are already available for other devices). Benz is also planning to put his IDF demo as a snap on Ubuntu’s public snap store. “So you’ll get the entire ROS operating system as well as my Python code and that will install as a snap,” he says. This seems really interesting for robotics. If developers can create ROS apps as snap packages, it could become much easier for users to run—and update—apps on their robots without having to go through complex installations and worry about dependencies, libraries, and so forth. Indeed, some developers are already experimenting with this possibility, and the Open Source Robotics Foundation (OSRF), which maintains ROS, seems to have plans for a ROS snap store. “You’ll be able to write, share, and run ROS-based Snappy apps for your favorite robots,” they wrote in a blog post last year. Could this help make ROS more accessible to those who are not command-line ninjas or computer science PhDs? I sure hope so. Which brings me back to my TurtleBot. I still haven’t decided what to do about its computer. But apparently there are some 2500 TurtleBots out there in the world, so if you own one and have upgraded it, I’d love to hear what compute module you’re using. Also, ROSCon 2016 is starting tomorrow, so hopefully we’ll get an update on the ROS snap store, other ROS-supported devices, and much more. And on a TurtleBot-specific note, we’re expecting some exciting news! Evan, who also loves his TurtleBot (he apparently takes Trevor everywhere) will be there to cover everything. Stay tuned! Learn More Intel IoT Joule OSRF ROS ROSCon RealSense Snappy TurtleBot Ubuntu Ubuntu Core robotics hardware robotics software Comments Comment Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="http://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a> Comments powered by Disqus Advertisement Automaton IEEE Spectrum's award-winning robotics blog, featuring news, articles, and videos on robots, humanoids, drones, automation, artificial intelligence, and more. Contact us:  e.guizzo@ieee.org Subscribe to RSS Feed Follow @AutomatonBlog   Editor Erico Guizzo   Senior Writer Evan Ackerman     Contributor Jason Falconer Contributor Angelica Lim   Newsletter Sign Up Sign up for the Automaton newsletter and get biweekly updates about robotics, automation, and AI, all delivered directly to your inbox. Sign Up     Robotics New TurtleBot Tutorials Make Robotics and ROS More Accessible Than Ever Follow this guide to learn ROS—and program a robot to bring you coffee 24 Mar 2015   Robotics Video Friday: Robot Dance Contest, 500 Drones Flying, and Steady Humanoid Your weekly selection of awesome robot videos 11 Nov   Robotics Video Friday: Robot Toes, Wolverine Haptic Hand, and More From IROS 2016 Your weekly selection of awesome robot videos 21 Oct Advertisement   Robotics Google Wants Robots to Acquire New Skills by Learning From Each Other Google is combining cloud robotics and deep neural networks to accelerate robot learning 5 Oct   Robotics OSRF Forms New Corporation, Partners With Toyota Research A big donation and new partnership help ensure a robust future for the Robot Operating System 15 Sep   Robotics Swarms of Robots Manage to Not Run Into Each Other This is much harder to do than it sounds 8 Sep   Robotics Video Friday: Artificial Evolution, Legged Machines, and Delivery Robots in Silicon Valley Your weekly selection of awesome robot videos 29 Jul   Robotics Winograd Schema Challenge Results: AI Common Sense Still a Problem, for Now A Turing test alternative, the Winograd Schema Challenge aims to determine how well AI handles commonsense reasoning 28 Jul     Robotics Genetically Engineered Rat Cells Make This Robot Stingray Swim This fully controllable robotic ray is powered by a gold skeleton and light-activated cells 12 Jul   Robotics Anki to Release Impressive Feature-Packed SDK for Cozmo Robot Cozmo's SDK offers access to some surprisingly sophisticated features on this little robot 11 Jul   Transportation Tesla Autopilot Crash: Why We Should Worry About a Single Death Elon Musk says we should focus on the thousands of lives that could be saved by robot cars, but ethics is more than math 11 Jul   Robotics Walmart and Five Elements Robotics Working on Robotic Shopping Cart We like the idea of an autonomous shopping cart, but getting it to work will be a challenge 28 Jun   Robotics Video Friday: Cloud Robotics, MARLO in the Forest, and Eagle Kills Drone Your weekly selection of awesome robot videos 24 Jun   Robotics Custom Processor Speeds Up Robot Motion Planning by Factor of 1,000 A preprogrammed FPGA can take motion planning from frustrating to instantaneous 21 Jun   Robotics Study: You'll Love Your Robot More If You Assemble It Yourself Doing some of the final assembly of a home robot could make you feel like it works better 15 Jun   Robotics PR2 Learns a Trick to Grasp Ungraspable Objects A short stick can make robots much more effective at grasping objects 13 Jun   Robotics Vyo Is a Fascinating and Unique Take on Social Domestic Robots This social robot for the smart home has a tactile interface and looks like a microscope 9 Jun   Robotics Inside an Experimental Robotics Class: A Robot Sketch Artist, a Robot That Plays Dominos, and More Stanford’s Experimental Robotics class graduates eight very smart robots 6 Jun     Robotics How to Build a Moral Robot If robots are going to drive our cars and play with our kids, we’ll need to teach them right from wrong 31 May   Robotics Video Friday: Swarming UAVs, Perching RoboBees, and Skydiving Kamigamis Your weekly selection of awesome robot videos 27 May Topics Aerospace At Work Biomedical Computing Energy Gadgets Geek Life Green Tech Robotics Semiconductors Telecom Transportation Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ RSS IEEE Spectrum Contact Us About Newsletters Mobile Site Reprints & Permissions IEEE Partners Advertising & Media Center IEEE Job Site Buyer’s Guide The Magazine Subscribe Now Digital Download © Copyright 2016 IEEE Spectrum Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies | Accessibility | Nondiscrimination Policy Join IEEE About IEEE Conferences & Events Education & Careers Membership & Services Publications and Standards Societies & Communities © Copyright 2016 IEEE — All rights reserved. Use of this Web site signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions. A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu QZ&A Innovation guru Clayton Christensen’s new theory is meant to protect you from disruption Written by Oliver Staley Obsession The Office October 12, 2016 Disruptor. (Courtesy Clayton Christensen) Share Written by Oliver Staley Obsession The Office October 12, 2016 If you’re sick of hearing about disruption, blame Clayton Christensen, who introduced the concept into business jargon. Christensen is possibly the most influential management thinker in Silicon Valley. His 1997 book, The Innovator’s Dilemma, was embraced by Intel’s Andy Grove, quoted by Steve Jobs, and called one of the six best business books ever by The Economist. In it, Christensen introduced his theory of disruption, which explains how established, successful companies leave themselves vulnerable to competition from upstarts by abandoning the lower end of the market. Transistor radios, for example, were sold cheaply to teenagers and eventually overtook the expensive, high-quality vacuum-tube radios that once dominated the market. A more recent example might be AirBnb’s assault on the hotel industry. Riding the success of his ideas, Christensen, a Harvard Business School professor, has published several more books exploring innovation, established a nonprofit think tank (the Clayton Christensen Institute), and launched consulting and investing firms. He’s also faced criticism, like this New Republic piece decrying how disruption has become an odious cliche. In his latest book, Competing Against Luck: The Story of Innovation and Customer Choice, Christensen, with co-authors Taddy Hall, Karen Dillon, and David Duncan, tries to explain why some products are successful and so many are not. The difference is based on what he calls the “jobs to be done” theory. Customers, he says, aren’t really interested in products or services themselves but in what they do. When people have a need, that’s a job to be done; products or services are simply “hired” to solve them. Innovative companies focus on developing products that do the jobs customers want, no matter what form they take. Netflix, for example, succeeds because the job to be done is entertainment, and it does the job by mailing DVDs and producing TV shows—two very different ways to be hired for the same job. (HarperCollins) Quartz interviewed Christensen by phone about his new theory, how it fits into his theory of innovation, and why he regrets using the term “disruption.” Quartz: Why did you call your book “Competing Against Luck?” It seems like the real competition is not luck but a company’s own flawed understanding of its product and its customers. The reason we chose that was every time a company puts a new product into the market, they’ve done their market research as best they can and they believe it will be successful, but the data shows that, gosh, somewhere around 20% will be successful and 80% won’t and they thought the other 80% would be successful.  “I just had a sense that it’s not a crap shoot, that there’s more predictability to innovation than the data shows is possible.” Is it just intrinsic to innovation that you can’t predict in advance whether your product will be bought by the customer or not? I just had a sense that it’s not a crap shoot, that there’s more predictability to innovation than the data shows is possible. A key element of unpredictability is the customer is very unpredictable but the job is very stable over time, and that brings predictability to innovation. If you understand the jobs to be done, you’re actually competing against companies who still believe it’s just a crap shoot. How does the jobs-to-be-done theory fit into your more established disruptive-innovation theory? They seem to nest together. At its core, disruption is a theory about competitive response. If I have a new innovation I want to introduce into the marketplace, I want to predict if competitors in that market are going to ignore me or going to fight me. The theory of disruption helps you understand that quite well. But in many ways, it’s not a manual for how to grow or how to predict what customers want. [Jobs to be done] is the second side of the same coin: How can I be sure that competitors won’t kill me and how can I be sure customers will want to buy the product? So it’s actually a very important compliment to disruption. If you organize your company around a job to be done, it’s actually a lot harder for a new entrant to disrupt you, because most disruptive companies just have my product versus your product, and mine’s cheaper than yours. Jobs to be done is actually good protection for companies worried about being disrupted. Your book mentions an example of product that no one really needed and therefore wasn’t successful—Segway, which no one hired to do a job. I wonder if there’s an inverse: how do you account for things that no one thinks they need but turn out of be very useful or desirable. Facebook strikes me as product that no one thought they needed, but is now indispensable to many of us. Does the theory allow for the truly innovative, outside-of-the-box ideas that no one thought they needed?  “Jobs to be done is actually good protection for companies worried about being disrupted.” The vast majority of products organized around a job to be done were discovered by chance, by customers who realized they had a job to do, and realized there’s something they had to do the job—and they talked about it, and other people said, “Oh gosh, I have that same job to do and I didn’t realize I needed this product to do that job until I happened upon it.” We discover jobs to be done, we don’t develop them or consciously iterate toward them. In the book, we’re tying to say, now that you understand the idea, there’s a methodology that will help you identify these jobs. You’ve got to keep your ear to the ground, because you’ll happen upon the job. How about really hard-to-define traits, like taste and style? Can a clothing designer at the high end apply jobs-to-be-done theory to color, for example? Or are there some things that are beyond the reach of the theory? I think you’re right. I cannot apply the concept of disruption to choices of preference. It doesn’t have anything to say about preference. Thank goodness. Have you been surprised by the reaction to your disruption theory, by how it has taken hold, and by the backlash? There are criticisms that are very important. Never does a theory just pop out in complete form. But rather, the first appearance of the theory is half baked. Then it improves when people say, it doesn’t account for this, or this is an anomaly and it doesn’t explain that. It’s very important to have people willing to criticize it for that purpose. What we didn’t anticipate, and what in many ways was a fault of mine, was that the term disruption has so many different connotations in the English language, that it allows people to justify whatever they want to do as, “Oh, this is disruptive,” and they don’t ever read the book. The population of people where the fewest have read the book are venture capitalists. They are arrogant and smart and why do they need to read something? [Princeton psychologist] Daniel Kahneman has this book Thinking Fast and Slow, and in the language he uses, there is type 1 activity and type 2 activity. What a brilliant idea, because it forces you to go back to see what is type 1 or what is type 2. Instead of calling it disruptive and sustaining innovation, if I had called it type 1 innovation and type 2 innovation, it would have forced all of these people who have misused the term to read another paragraph. But as someone who knows a lot about branding, you might want to be associated with this powerful brand of disruption. I have never wanted to be famous. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Laptop News / HP upgrades Spectre x360 and Envy 13 laptops with Kaby Lake processors – and that's not all HP upgrades Spectre x360 and Envy 13 laptops with Kaby Lake processors – and that's not all by James Laird 12 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments HP has overhauled its high-end laptop lineup as well as introducing a handful of new products just in time for the holiday season. First up for a refresh is the HP Spectre x360, which was conceived as a convertible rival to the MacBook Air. That device is now thinner and lighter than ever, dropping 2mm in girth to measure just 13.8mm in girth, as well as slimming down to just under 1.3kg in weight. There's improvements under the hood, too, with the 2016 Spectre x360 packing Intel Core i processors based on the chip maker's 7th-generation Kaby Lake architecture. Configurations start at Core i5 backed up by 16GB of RAM, and you can fit it with up to 1TB of PCIe SSD storage. There's a handful of other new-gen features, like a pair of USB-C ports and an integrated Full HD webcam to complement the 1080p touchscreen display, plus a claimed improvement in battery life. The new Spectre x360 is starting to land is select regions immediately (October 12) with pricing set at $1,049. We'll let you know when a UK-specific tag is confirmed, but expect an RRP in the region of £899. Related: Best cheap laptop deals The Envy 13 has also been rebooted. Like the Spectre x360, it'll now feature Kaby Lake-based Intel Core i5 or i7 processors with up to 16GB of RAM and as much as 1TB of PCIe SSD storage. While actually chunkier than before at 14mm in depth and 1.4kg on the scales, it'll pack a significantly upgraded battery that HP claims will now last for up to 14 hours (compared to 10 hours on the previous model). There's also the option to upgrade the standard Full HD touchscreen to either QHD+ (3,200 x 1,800 pixels) or UHD (3,840 x 2,160 pixels). The refreshed Envy 13 will be available from October 26, starting at $849 with UK-specific pricing to be confirmed – we'd expect to see an RRP of around £749. Lastly, HP also unveiled a new 27-inch Envy AIO PC, which packs Nvidia GTX 950M graphics, older 6th-gen Intel chips, and a QHD (2,560 x 1,440 pixels) display, and a 27-inch Envy 4K monitor. These products will arrive later in October and in December, respectively. Of course, how these products perform in the flesh remains to be seen – we're looking forward to putting them through their paces as soon as possible. Related: Best laptops 2016 Watch: Tablets vs laptops Tempted by any of HP's new offerings? Let us hear your thoughts in the comments below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Tempo Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds log in William "Bill" Dean Pruett Wednesday Oct 12, 2016 at 2:00 AM William "Bill" Dean Pruett, 67, passed away October 3, 2016 in Portland, Ore. with his family at his bedside after a courageous battle with pulmonary fibrosis and cancer. Bill was born and raised in the Rogue Valley, graduating from St. Mary's High School in 1967 and he maintained his school friends throughout his life. After moving to the Portland area, Bill received a CAD drafting certification and was employed by Intel. A transfer sent him to Chandler, Ariz. to help design additional Intel facilities, but he maintained his Northwest connection, visiting Oregon as much as possible and hosting family and friends in Arizona. Bill loved the outdoors, hiking, camping, and camping while whitewater rafting the Rogue and Deschutes rivers. After 20-plus years in Arizona, Bill had recently returned to Oregon, residing in Hillsboro. Bill was a very proud grandfather of five and had just become a great-grandfather. He is loved and will be greatly missed. Bill is survived by his wife of 35 years, Susan; son, Aaron; daughter, Rachel; mother, Joan; sisters, Deborah and Victoria; brother, John; step-sister, Deanna; step-brothers, Michael and Tim; and family; and adopted brother, Cameron. He was preceded in death by his father, Dean William Pruett. A memorial will be held at 1:00 p.m. Saturday, October 15, 2016 with a reception to follow at St. Andrew's Lutheran Church, 12405 SW Butner Road, Beaverton, Ore. 97005. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements Obituaries Story ideas Since you asked Alerts Email Alerts RSS Feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Mail Tribune Daily Tidings The Nickel Shop Our Valley Blogs Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Obituaries Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. MailTribune.com ~ P.O. Box 1108, Medford, OR 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime, Courts and Emergency Services Education Environment State News Obituaries Weather Photo Galleries Politics and Elections Since You Asked Mail Tribune 100 Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports College Sports Pro Sports Community Sports Prep Notebook Auto Racing Obituaries Business Real Estate News People In Business Transportation Agriculture Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Guest Opinions Lifestyle Food Home and Garden Health Hiking Biking Faith Milestones and Achievements Columnist for a Day Rogue Healthy Aging Tempo Theater Music Community Events Movies Dining More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs TV Listings Movie Listings Oregon Outdoors Oregon Healthy Living Special Sections Contests Branded Content Submit Your Announcements Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber controls Subscribe Email Alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Advertising contacts Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: HP unveils updated ENVY laptops with 7th gen Intel processors and Fast Charge technology 0 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Oct 12, 2016 at 5:34 GMT1 month ago HP today unveiled its latest generation Envy laptops. HP ENVY series is for the customer who wants premium laptop at an affordable price. The new 13.3” diagonal HP ENVY laptop comes with four more hours of battery life up to 14 hours compared to last year’s model, thanks to larger battery and the new Intel 7th gen processors. At 14mm and 3.15lbs, the new HP ENVY is slightly thicker and heavier than the previous generation, but now boasts a larger battery and the latest generation Intel Core processors for more battery life. An elevated hinge design provides a more comfortable typing experience coupled with a backlit keyboard for working in low light and an extra-wide glass touchpad for less resistance. Customers can also opt for the optional edge-to-edge flush glass display with a QHD+ and UHD panels. Customers can also choose a FHD panel or add touch with the QHD+ display option. It also comes with dual speakers tuned by Bang & Olufsen plus HP Audio Boost Technology that offer amazing sound. Other features include: Two USB 3.0 ports, including one dedicated to sleep and charge, and one USB Type-C port 7th Generation Intel Core i5 and i7 processors Up to a 1TB SSD PCIe provides fast response times when opening or moving large files Up to 16GB RAM HP Fast Charge up to 90 percent in 90 minutes Product images: Gallery The HP ENVY Laptop is expected to be available on HP.com and select retailers on October 26, 2016 starting at $849.99. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related availability HP Envy 13 HP Envy 15 HP Envy 2016 HP ENVY Laptop Pricing Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending WhatsApp for Windows Phone updated with many new features by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac by Pradeep 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 21: All About Alcatel’s superphone by Andrew Bennett on November 11, 2016 During this week’s episode of the MSPoweruser Podcast, Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett cover some of the week’s Microsoft news. This week’s topics include the Alcatel Idol 4S... Subscribe Now Windows 10 ‘Battlefield 1’ November update released for Xbox One and PC by Greg Jordan on November 16, 2016 DICE has just released the fall update for the Xbox One, PC, and PS4. The update is 1.6 GB PC and 1.9 GB on Xbox One. The update includes a number of gameplay changes based on community feed... Tablo over-the-air DVR app now available on Xbox One by Pradeep Tablo over-the-air DVR app is now available for Xbox One in the US and Canada. Download the app from Xbox Store to begin watching live and recorded Over-the-Air TV. Tablo is a network-based ... HP announces the world’s first mini workstation by Pradeep HP today announced the world’s first mini workstation targeting users in CAD and other compute-intensive industries.The new HP Z2 Mini is only 2.3” high is 90% smaller than a traditional... ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ Survival DLC comes to Xbox One an... by Greg Jordan Xbox U.S. today announced that the long awaited “Survival” DLC update for ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ will arrive to Xbox One and PC on November 22. This is f... Windows 10 will soon allow third-party alarm apps to break-through Quiet Hours by Sean Chan A very neat feature on Windows 10 is Quiet Hours, which allows users to stop notifications from apps during a certain period of the day/night. Quiet Hours can also be quite useful when you a... Deals Deals Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for this Black Friday Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Deal: Get $150 off Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 PC from Microsoft At IFA 2016, Lenovo announced its Yoga 910, the successor to the popular Yoga 900 convertible laptop. Yoga 910 comes with a 13.9-inch 4K display, redesigned keyboard, a larger trackpad, a fi... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 128GB storage for $899 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4G... Deal: Microsoft offering Xbox One S Bundle and free game for $299 Despite Black Friday being right around the corner, Microsoft believes that you shouldn’t have to wait to enjoy the savings off of its newest console. That’s why from November 4 ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $749 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $150 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Deal: Get huge discounts on the original Surface Book Amazon US is now offering huge discounts on the original Surface Book device. The entry-level Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for just $1199.... Deal: Entry-level Surface Book now available for just £1,049 John Lewis is now offering the entry-level Microsoft Surface Book for just £1,049. Entry-level Surface Book comes with Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM, 128GB storage and detachable 13.5”... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > HP makes the Envy name premium again with new… HP makes the Envy name premium again with new laptops, all-in-one, monitor By Matt Smith — October 11, 2016 9:01 PM Subscribe to this topic Get our daily Tech News recap Mentioned here HP Spectre MSRP $1,249.99 Learn More Also mentioned HP Envy Spectre 360x – 13-4003dx The history of HP’s Envy line-up has been tumultuous. At their introduction, in the latter half of last decade, they gave Apple serious competition, but cost-cutting and brand expansion eventually made the Envy name all but meaningless. Recently, HP has made efforts to get Envy back on track. It has gradually improved the quality of Envy across the board, and in July the company released the HP Spectre, a tour-de-force of hardware and design. Now, HP is keeping the pedal of progress firmly pressed down with a major update of its entire product line. HP Spectre x360 The largest update comes to one of HP’s oldest Envy systems, the HP Spectre x360. As with earlier iterations, the x360 is a 2-in-1 device with a folding hinge. The new model, though, is significantly smaller. Thickness is down to 13.8 millimeters, from 15.9mm, while weight is down to 2.85 pounds. Its overall profile is smaller, too, thanks to a new edge-to-edge, 13.3-inch, 1080p display. Like Dell’s XPS 13, this design makes the overall footprint more similar to a 12-inch laptop. Big changes have also come to the battery. It’s now a massive 57.8 watt-hour unit, and HP quotes battery life of up to 15 hours. That’s a very long time, and as is always true of manufacturer figures, it’s probably a best-case scenario. Given the battery’s size, though, we expect good things when the x360 hits the road. Other updates include an edge-to-edge keyboard with 1.3mm of travel, a wider glass touchpad, four front-facing speakers, two USB 3.1 Type-C ports (joined by one standard USB), 7th-generation Intel Core processors, and PCI Express solid state drive with capacity of up to 1TB. Though it carries the name of its predecessor, this is a huge update. It’s basically an all-new laptop, and among the thinnest in its category. A number of configurations will be available. The most affordable, with a Core i5-7200U processor, 8GB of RAM and 256GB SSD, will run you $1,049. You should be able to purchase it immediately from HP’s online store. HP Envy 13 HP has also updated the Envy 13, the “standard” laptop cousin to the x360. Its update is less substantial, as the Envy 13 doesn’t gain an edge-to-edge display. However, it has received many updates under the hood. Battery life is, once again, the most important. It has the same 57.8 watt-hour battery found in the x360. That means battery life, with the 1080p display, is up to a quoted 14 hours. Its predecessor promised only 10 hours, at most. Screen options for the 13.3-inch display include 1080p and, unlike the x360, a 2,560 x 1,440 panel. The Envy 13 also has front-firing speakers, designed to improve audio quality in real-world use. Inside, the Envy 13 has been updated to the latest 7th-generation Intel Core processors. It can handle up to 16GB of RAM, and PCI Express solid state drives up to 1TB (with a small, 128GB SATA SSD available in the most basic model). There’s just one USB 3.1 Type-C port, but it’s joined by two regular USB 3.0 ports. Pricing will start at $849 for the Envy 13 with a Core i5-7200U processor, 8GB of RAM, a 128GB solid state drive, and 1080p display. A variety of additional configurations will join it, but HP didn’t detail their prices ahead of release. You can buy the new Envy 13 on HP’s online store starting on October 26. HP Envy All-in-one 27 Next up we have another huge re-design with HP’s Envy All-in-one 27. Again, though it shares a name with a previous model, the new edition is entirely different. HP has opted to put the hardware powering the new Envy All-in-one 27 inside the base, rather than behind the PC. This makes the display strikingly thin, with bezels that are only 9.5 millimeters wide on the sides and top, and 11.1mm at the bottom. Resolution comes in at 2,560 x 1,440, and HP boasts that the display can render 99 percent of the sRGB gamut. It also has a Blue Light Filter, to cut down on wavelengths of light that keep you restless late at night. Front-facing speakers are again in attendance. Here, they’re designed in partnership with Bang & Olufsen. The sound bar is actually in the base, and is controlled by a unique audio dial, something you almost never see on PC desktops, all-in-ones, and laptops. Intel hasn’t released 7th-generation processors for desktops yet, so the base processor is a Core i7-6700T. The system has 16GB of memory, a 128GB PCI Express solid state drive, a 1TB SATA hard disk, and GeForce GTX 950M graphics with 4GB of GDDR5 memory. Connectivity includes four USB 3.0, one USB 3.1 Type-C, and HDMI-out/in. The latter is important to note. Many all-in-ones don’t have HDMI-out, so they can’t be used with an external monitor. The configuration listed above will be available at retail on October 16 for $1,599. Two additional configurations will also be available online. One, priced at $1,249 and available November 2, will drop down to a Core i5 processor, and cut the solid state drive, as well as ditch the Nvidia graphics chip. That’s probably a model you’ll want to avoid. The second, priced at $1,699 and available October 12, double the capacity of the solid state drive to 256GB, and the hard disk to 2TB. That’s a great upgrade, considering it’s only $100 more than the base configuration. HP Envy 27 Display Last up we have the new HP Envy monitor. It takes a similar design approach to the Envy 27 All-in-one, ditching the former look, which had speakers on each side of the display, for a thin-bezel aesthetic. The 27-inch display looks very similar to that on the all-in-one. However, it receives an important upgrade – 4K resolution, along with AMD FreeSync technology support. The monitor’s IPS panel supports refresh rates of up to 60Hz. The U.S. version of the display also has versatile connectivity, thanks to its use of a USB Type-C port which can connect to other devices and deliver up to 60 watts of power. For example, you could plug your HP Spectre 13 into the monitor to use it as a second display, and charge the Spectre 13 at the same time. Other ports include HDMI 1.4 and HDMI 2.0. Surprisingly, the Envy 27 Display is not that expensive. It will retail for just $499, and be available on December 4.

For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Clinton-Trump 3.0, ECB Rates, China GDP: Week Ahead Oct. 15-22 Stanley James Phyllis Halliday James Amott October 13, 2016 — 5:24 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Goldman, Morgan Stanley, BofA top U.S. banks’ earnings reports Tesla sets mystery unveiling; ‘Most Powerful Women’ conference Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp U.S. presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump hold their final debate in Las Vegas. The moderator is Fox News Sunday anchor Chris Wallace, who will pose questions to each nominee. Follow the TOPLive blog for real-time coverage here. The European Central Bank meets to review monetary policy and stimulus programs as President Mario Draghi keeps fighting against the region’s stubbornly low inflation rates. The U.S. cost of living probably increased more in September than a month earlier, signaling inflation continues to grind its way toward the Federal Reserve’s goal, economists project a Labor Department report to show. Figures on beginning home construction, industrial output and sales of previously owned properties also highlight a relatively light week for U.S. economic data. China will report on third-quarter GDP as investors watch to see whether the economy has stabilized. Earnings season continues for major U.S. banks led by Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Morgan Stanley, BlackRock Inc. and US Bancorp. Microsoft Corp., General Electric Co., Daimler AG, SAP SE and Intel Corp. also report. For an expanded list of the week’s releases, click here. Saturday, Oct. 15  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and other leaders in Lausanne, Switzerland, to discuss the crisis in Syria. He travels Sunday to London, where Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is hosting a session that includes ministers from France and Germany to discuss Syria and Iraq.  Argentina’s President Mauricio Macri visits Rome to attend the canonization of 19th-century Argentine priest Jose Gabriel Brochero and is scheduled for a private audience with Pope Francis. Timing to be determined. Italy’s cabinet is due to meet to approve the country’s 2017 budget. Likely to start at 09:00 CET in Rome (03:00 EDT). India’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi will host the leaders of Brazil, Russia, China and South Africa for the 8th BRICS Summit in the state of Goa. Through Oct. 16. The Chicago Cubs, seeking their first World Series title in 108 years, open play for the National League pennant as Major League Baseball’s playoffs continue. Sunday, Oct. 16 The London Bullion Market Association holds its annual Precious Metals Conference in Singapore. Click here for the agenda. Through Oct. 18. Montenegro Prime Minister Milo Djukanovic’s Democratic Party of Socialists is trying to retain power in a general election after political turmoil triggered by opposition protests demanding a more-transparent democracy. The country of 630,000 people is seeking to join the European Union and NATO. Voting starts at 07:00 local time and ends at 20:00. Monday, Oct. 17 Tesla Motors Inc. Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk plans a product unveiling that he said will be “unexpected by most.” He didn’t provide details beyond saying it was separate from a new solar rooftop being announced on Sept. 28 by SolarCity Corp., where he is chairman. Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer, who called the central bank’s stand-pat rate decision in September a “close call,” speaks before the Economic Club of New York. 12:15 in New York City. Fortune hosts its annual Most Powerful Women event in Laguna Miguel, California. Lloyd Blankfein, CEO of Goldman Sachs Group Inc., will present this year’s Global Women Leader honorees: Rima K. El-Husseini of Lebanon, co-founder and CEO of Blessing, and Ciiru Waweru of Kenya, CEO of FunKidz. CEO Ginni Rometty of IBM Corp. and Executive Vice President Ivanka Trump of the Trump Organization are among this year’s interviewees. Click here for agenda. Through Oct. 19. European Union foreign ministers meet to discuss Syria, migration and global strategy toward Tunisia. 09:00 CET in Luxembourg (03:00 EDT). The location of a new London airport runway is likely to be high on the agenda when U.K. Transport Secretary Chris Grayling is questioned by the House of Commons Transport Committee. 16:05 in London (11:05 EDT). Andre Borges, secretary of Brazil’s science and technology ministry, is a keynote speaker at Futurecom 2016 Congress, Latin America’s telecom fair. In Sao Paulo, through Oct. 20. Click here for the agenda. ECONOMY: U.S. Empire State manufacturing (Oct.) and industrial production (Sept.); Turkey unemployment (July) and budget balance (Sept.); euro-area inflation (Sept.); U.K. Rightmove house prices (Oct.) EARNINGS: Bank of America Corp. and Netflix Inc. are among companies posting results. Follow the TOPLive blog for real-time earnings coverage here for both companies. For an expanded list of today’s releases, click here. ENERGY/COMMODITIES: Manitoba crop update (weekly), EIA drilling productivity report (monthly), USDA grain-export inspections and crop ratings (weekly) Tuesday, Oct. 18 U.S. consumer prices probably picked up in September, consistent with the view that inflation is only gradually moving toward the 2 percent year-over-year goal of Federal Reserve policy makers. The Labor Department will issue the data at 08:30 EDT in Washington. Chile’s central bank will probably keep its benchmark rate at 3.5 percent for a 10th straight meeting as inflation slows to within policy makers’ target range amid tepid economic growth. 18:00 in Santiago (17:00 EDT). U.S. President Barack Obama hosts Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi for a State Dinner at the White House. EU trade ministers meet to discuss the EU-Canada trade deal. 09:00 CET in Luxembourg (03:00 EDT). German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble delivers remarks on the EU’s future. 13:10 CET in Berlin (07:10 EDT). Former French Economy Minister Emmanuel Macron, who quit the cabinet in late August, holds a third major rally in his campaign for change to discuss immigration and national identity measures. 19:00 CET in Montpellier (13:00 EDT). U.S. Department of the Treasury Counselor Amias Gerety will speak at Brookings Institution on “Connectedness and Contagion: Protecting the Financial System from Panics.” In Washington, at 13:00 EDT. Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Khalid Al-Falih and CEOs Bob Dudley of BP Plc and Rex Tillerson of Exxon Mobil Corp. are among the speakers at the Oil and Money Conference in London through Oct. 19. Click here for agenda. The 24th World Mining Congress takes place in Rio de Janeiro, with Vale SA CEO Murilo Ferreira, and Wang Xianzheng, president of China National Coal Association, among the participants. Click here for the agenda. Through Oct. 21. The Futures Industry Association holds its 31st annual Futures and Options Expo in Chicago. Keynote speakers include Commodity Futures Trading Commission Chairman Timothy Massad and Nasdaq Inc. CEO Robert Greifeld. Click here for a list of speakers. Through Oct. 20. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, joined by a business delegation, will make his first state visit to China since he took office on June 30. Through Oct. 21. Brazilian President Michel Temer will make a state visit to Japan for talks with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. Through Oct. 20. CENTRAL BANKS: Argentina Central Bank monetary policy report. ECONOMY: U.S. NAHB homebuilder confidence (Oct.) and Treasury net international capital flows (Aug.); Brazil retail sales (Aug.); Hong Kong unemployment (Sept.); European Central Bank bank lending survey; U.K. inflation (Sept.) EARNINGS: Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Kuehne & Nagel International AG are among companies posting results. Follow the TOPLive blog for real-time coverage of Goldman earnings here. For an expanded list of today’s releases, click here. ENERGY/COMMODITIES: U.S. National Weather Service global climate data (Sept.) Wednesday, Oct. 19 The third and last U.S. presidential debate of 2016 between Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump takes place in Las Vegas at the University of Nevada. 21:00 EDT. Clinton and Trump. Source: Bloomberg Housing starts probably increased in September for the third time in the last four months, indicating the U.S. economy will benefit from more residential construction. The Commerce Department will issue the figures at 08:30 in Washington. The Bank of England publishes a monthly report of its agents’ summary of business conditions, providing insight into investment and hiring plans as well as consumer spending. 09:30 in London (04:30 EDT). Brazil’s central bank may cut its key rate from 14.25 percent after the monthly inflation rate fell to a two-year low and a constitutional amendment to cap government spending passed a first vote in congress. 18:00 in Brasilia (16:00 EDT). Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz and Senior Deputy Governor Carolyn Wilkins hold a press conference after the interest rate announcement and will discuss the contents of the newly released Monetary Policy Report on the Canadian economy. 11:15 EDT in Ottawa. U.S. Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco President John Williams will speak at Rutgers University Business School on “Improving Diversity in the Financial Services Industry -- a Holistic View.” The event will be live streamed on the San Francisco Fed’s website at @sffed. On the university’s Newark, New Jersey, campus at 08:45 EDT. China’s third-quarter GDP probably held at 6.7 percent for a third straight quarter, according to a Bloomberg survey of economists, signaling that the economy is stabilizing. The National Bureau of Statistics is scheduled to report industrial production and retail sales for September at the same time. 10:00 in Beijing (Oct. 18 22:00 EDT). CENTRAL BANKS: Rate decisions in Canada and Namibia ECONOMY: U.S. MBA mortgage applications (weekly) and Federal Reserve Beige Book; Russia CPI (weekly); South Africa inflation (Sept.) and retail sales (Aug.); Egypt trade balance (Aug.), Poland industrial output and retail sales (Sept.); Russia unemployment and retail sales (Sept.); U.K. unemployment rate (Aug.) EARNINGS: Morgan Stanley and Svenska Handelsbanken AB are among companies reporting results. Follow the TOPLive blog for real-time coverage of Morgan Stanley’s earnings here. For a list of today’s releases, click here. ENERGY/COMMODITIES: API petroleum inventory report (weekly), U.S. EIA crude oil inventory report (weekly), with real-time coverage on the TOPLive blog here. Thursday, Oct. 20 Sales of U.S. previously owned homes were probably little changed in September from a month earlier as the industry continues to struggle with a limited selection of properties. The National Association of Realtors reports at 10:00 EDT in Washington. The European Central Bank’s Governing Council meets to review interest rates and stimulus programs. The rate decision is due at 13:45 CET in Frankfurt (07:45 EDT), and ECB President Mario Draghi holds a press conference at 14:30. Follow the TOPLive blog for real-time coverage here. U.S. Federal Reserve Bank of New York President William Dudley gives opening and closing remarks at a conference hosted by the New York Fed called “Reforming Culture and Behavior in the Financial Services Industry: Expanding the Dialogue.” Begins at 08:30 EDT in New York City. EU leaders begin a two-day meeting in Brussels to discuss migration, trade issues and relations with Russia. It’s the first EU summit to be attended by new U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May. Starts at 15:00 CET (09:00 EDT). Two special elections are held to fill empty seats in the U.K. House of Commons. The Conservative Party is favored to retain the district of Witney in Oxfordshire, while Labour faces no major-party opposition in Batley in Yorkshire. Voting ends at 22:00 London time (17:00 EDT), with results likely early Friday. The Managed Funds Association, the global trade group for hedge funds, holds its Outlook 2016 conference in New York. Keynote speakers include Richard Berner, director of financial research at the U.S. Treasury Department, and Timothy Massad, chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Click here for the agenda. Through Oct. 21. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are the featured speakers at the 71st annual Alfred E. Smith Memorial Foundation dinner, a New York tradition that the group says is typically marked by “light humor and political savvy.” Timing to be determined. Chilean Minister of Finance Rodrigo Valdes will discuss the challenges facing Chile’s economy at Bloomberg headquarters in New York City. 08:50 EDT. CENTRAL BANKS: Rate decisions in Indonesia and Turkey ECONOMY: U.S. jobless claims (weekly), Philadelphia Fed manufacturing (Oct.), consumer comfort index (weekly and monthly expectations) and leading economic indicators (Sept.); Taiwan export orders (Sept.); Hong Kong CPI (Sept.); Australia employment (Sept.); U.K. retail sales (Sept.) EARNINGS: Microsoft Corp. and PayPal Holdings Inc. are among companies reporting results. For an expanded list of today’s releases, click here. ENERGY/COMMODITIES: Bloomberg survey of analysts’ expectations on natural gas volume in storage (weekly), EIA natural gas inventory report and short-term energy outlook (weekly), Saskatchewan crop update (weekly), Buenos Aires Grain Exchange crop report (weekly), USDA crop net-export sales (weekly), National Weather Service U.S. winter forecast Friday, Oct. 21 U.S. Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco President John Williams delivers a keynote address at the Federal Home Loan Bank’s 2016 Member Conference. The speech will be livestreamed at @sffed. In San Francisco at 11:30 local time (14:30 EDT). EARNINGS: Daimler AG, General Electric Co. and McDonald’s Corp. are among companies reporting earnings. For an expanded list of today’s releases, click here. CENTRAL BANKS: Mozambique rate decision ECONOMY: Canada CPI (Sept.) and retail sales (Aug.); Brazil IPCA-15 inflation (Oct.); China property prices (Sept.); Malaysia budget; Ukraine industrial production (Sept.); ECB survey of professional forecasters; U.K. public finances (Sept.) ENERGY/COMMODITIES: Baker Hughes U.S. oil-and-gas rig count (weekly), CFTC futures and options positions (weekly), API oil inventory report (monthly) SOVEREIGN RATING UPDATES: Austria (Moody’s), Cyprus (Fitch), Ethiopia (S&P), France (S&P), Germany (Moody’s), Ghana (S&P), Italy (Fitch), Jordan (S&P), Lesotho (Fitch), Luxembourg (Moody’s), Morocco (Fitch), Norway (S&P), Portugal (DBRS), Saudi Arabia (Moody’s), Slovak Republic (DBRS) Saturday, Oct. 22 No scheduled events. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Donald John Trump Hillary Rodham Clinton China GDP Markets London Earnings Federal Reserve Las Vegas European Central Bank Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Trending: 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: Angry at Apple 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Healthcare, retail industries give blockchain a try Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Cloud Computing News Azure roundup: FPGAs, new VMs and fresh Europe regions Microsoft Ignite brought a ton of cloud news More like this Microsoft Azure networking is speeding up, thanks to custom hardware Azure Roundup: New high-performance compute instances and more How to make hybrid cloud work on IDG Answers What does com.android.mms mean? Scott Guthrie, Microsoft's executive vice president of Cloud and Enterprise, speaks at the company's Ignite conference in Atlanta, Georgia, on Sept. 26, 2016. Credit: Blair Hanley Frank Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments By Blair Hanley Frank Follow IDG News Service | Oct 13, 2016 12:13 PM PT RELATED TOPICS Cloud Computing Artificial Intelligence Application Development Microsoft Comments Microsoft's big Ignite conference for IT pros wrapped up at the end of September, and that means the company offered a variety of new cloud capabilities to attract people to Azure. Here's what you need to know. Azure data centers in Germany and the UK go live In its continuing quest to expand the global reach of its public cloud platform, Microsoft announced the general availability of four new Azure regions: two in the U.K. and two in Germany. The UK data centers are fairly standard cloud regions, but data in the German DCs is under the control of T-Systems International, a German company that's a subsidiary of tech giant Deutsche Telekom. What that means is Microsoft can't access customer data in the German data centers without the permission of the customers or T-Systems and will only be able to access data under the supervision of the trustee. Microsoft said that the arrangement it has with T-Systems is the first of its kind. That may help the company attract additional business from companies that want an extra layer of assurance. The launches mean that Azure is available from 30 different regions, with six more on the way. Microsoft is racking FPGAs with its servers In probably the single biggest piece of news out of Ignite, Microsoft revealed that it has hundreds of thousands of Field-Programmable Gate Arrays (better known as FPGAs) racked up with its servers in Azure data centers around the world. The hardware is being used to power a new Accelerated Networking feature that Microsoft launched in beta, which offers speeds as high as 25Gbps and latency between 25 and 50 microseconds, for no extra charge. It's only available in some beefy instances in Microsoft's West Central U.S. and Western Europe regions, but Microsoft plans to expand the networking capability to all Azure VMs in the future. Looking forward, the FPGAs will also be used for powering machine learning-driven services. While Microsoft hasn't given any details on exactly which services will be getting the boost, the company has code that can accelerate its high-level Cognitive Services APIs using the FPGAs. Meet the new compute-optimized H-Series and storage-optimized L-Series VMs Microsoft continued to diversify the different compute instances available through its cloud platform, launching two new instance types aimed at high-powered workloads. H-Series VMs are built to support compute-intensive workloads. They're based on the Intel E5-2667 V3 3.2 GHz processor, and feature a dedicated RDMA backend network. The company also announced L-series VMs that are aimed at powering applications like NoSQL databases that need low-latency, high-throughput SSD storage with a whole bunch of space. The instances will support up to 6TB of local SSD storage, and will be available "in the coming weeks." Azure Stack's second tech preview enters public beta Microsoft's system for running an instance of Azure in a private data center continued its winding procession toward general availabiity at Microsoft Ignite. The company publicly released the second technical preview of Azure Stack during the show, which adds support for services like Azure Queue Storage and Azure Key Vault. In addition, HPE, Lenovo and Dell showed prototypes of the integrated hardware systems they'll be selling that will ship with Azure Stack at Ignite. Earlier this year, Microsoft scrapped its plans for letting customers run the Stack software on a variety of hardware. Instead, the only way customers will be able to get a hold of it at launch is through the purchase of expensive integrated systems. Ken Won, HPE's director of product marketing for cloud software, offered a "guesstimate" that his company's system would cost between $250,000 and $300,000, according to a report by Redmond Magazine. In addition, users could work with HPE to get one subscription-based bill for both their public Azure and Azure Stack use. Azure Service Fabric hits GA on Windows Server and enters beta on Linux Go to a cocktail party full of techies, and sooner or later, someone's going to mention microservice architecture. It's a method of building large-scale applications that's particularly well-tailored for a cloud-based world. Instead of building one monolithic app that does everything, developers create a series of services that each perform different functions, and combine them into an application. That allows companies to individually scale the capacity of different services to meet demand on a given week, day, hour or minute. There's one problem: wrangling all of those different microservices can be a massive pain. That's why Microsoft built Azure Service Fabric. It's based on internal technology that the company used to run its own services in-house, and is now generally available for use with Windows workloads in Azure. In addition, there's now also a beta version of Service Fabric on Linux. Terminal nerds get a new Azure CLI beta Some people want to manage their cloud services without touching a graphical user interface. Those folks got a new Azure command line interface to play with this past month.  The commands for the new CLI are a bit different from the old one (for one, "azure" is now just "az" in every command). Microsoft has a chart that maps commands from the old interface to the new available on GitHub. The new CLI doesn't support the old Azure Service Manager/Classic-based services, so Microsoft will continue to support the first version of its command line tools (lovingly called the Azure Xplat CLI). In addition, Microsoft continues to support .NET Core and PowerShell-based CLIs, and is continuing to invest in both those tools and the new Azure CLI. RELATED TOPICS Cloud Computing Artificial Intelligence Application Development Microsoft Blair Hanley Frank — U.S. Correspondent Blair Hanley Frank is primarily focused on the public cloud, productivity and operating systems businesses for the IDG News Service. The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources White Paper API Use Case White Paper BARC Paper: The Benefits of an Integrated Approach to BI and Planning White Paper Cloud Business Analytics: A Step Closer to Pervasive Adoption of Decision Support Services Video/Webcast Sponsored Data Visualizations for Mobile Users White Paper EMA Research Analytics in the Cloud Go Top Stories 3D printer owners rate the best 14 machines Online user community 3D Hubs has published its third annual 3D Printer Guide for 2017, based on... No, Twitter -- a mute button for hate speech won’t work A mute button for notifications is not much of a step toward curbing online harassment. Twitter needs... The long decline of online freedom According to Freedom House’s 2016 report, freedom on the internet is in its sixth year of decline.... First look: The 13-in MacBook Pro's Touch Bar wows The innovative new Touch Bar in the MacBook Pro brings back something that's been missing from Macs in... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Most anticipated tech left in 2016: New MacBook Pros, Surface all-in-one and more By Todd Haselton | October 13, 2016 Front Page /Gadgets/Featured/Gallery/Lists/Longform/Opinion By Todd Haselton | October 13, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo We’re closing in on the end of the year at a pretty rapid pace. Before we know it we’ll be knee-deep in holiday shopping season. While we’ve seen plenty of exciting gadgets launch this year, a few more are coming. Here are a several we’re most excited about. 1. New MacBook Pro laptops We still think Apple will launch new a MacBook Pro by the end of the year. Thanks to reporting from 9to5Mac, we’re expecting new processors (finally), a special OLED bar above the keyboard and a new design. Earlier rumors suggested it might arrive as soon as October, but Apple hasn’t sent out invites for any sort of event. The computers may launch in tandem with a new MacBook Air, a computer that’s also expected to get a refresh. This is particularly important given Apple hasn’t refreshed the MacBook Pro in ages. The computers still run on older Intel processors and are generally getting long in the tooth. It’s important for Apple to get these computers out, given that its competitors are already using new Kaby lake chips. 2. Microsoft Surface all-in-one computer Microsoft is hosting an event on October 26. All signs point to the company’s first Surface-branded all-in-one computer. According to ZDNets Mary Jo Foley, it’s code named “Cardinal” inside Microsoft. We expect the Surface all-in-one to ship in several sizes with touchscreen displays. Our bet is it will run Windows 10 Anniversary and offer Surface Pen support, too. This will be the first Microsoft Surface all-in-one. Until now, the Surface branding has only appeared on the company’s Surface Pro tablets and Surface Book laptop computers. One question we have: is there that much demand for this sort of product? 3. Oculus Touch The Xbox One controller, while wonderful, doesn’t meet the demands of virtual reality entirely. The medium needs motion control. This December, Oculus will have motion control for sale when Oculus Touch launches. The input pair will sell for $199 starting on December 6. We’ve used them at conventions and events before, and the $199 price tag is worth it. The Oculus Touch is a fine piece of hardware. 4. Surface Pro, Surface Book refreshes The Surface Pro and Surface Book are ready for new hardware. Word on the street is Microsoft isn’t going to offer full-on refreshes. Expect a smaller update. We’re betting on new processors in both computers but not complete design swaps. Most reports have suggested Microsoft isn’t going to make a big deal out of these computers, which means we might not hear them discussed much (if at all) during Microsoft’s event. We’re huge fans of these computers, though, so even a marginal update is exciting. 5. Huawei Mate 9 Huawei has an event on November 3 where we expect the Chinese smartphone maker to unveil the new Mate 9 flagship. Pictures leaked earlier this week point to two models, including one that looks eerily similar to the recalled Galaxy Note 7. Look for a curved Quad HD display, gobs of RAM, plenty of storage, a Kirin 960 processor and Android 7.0 Nougat. The Huawei Mate 9 is unlikely to launch immediately on U.S. carriers. Instead, we expect it to make its debut in Asia and Europe. If we’re lucky, we’ll get an unlocked model here, too. 6. HTC Bolt This one might not launch before the end of the year. The HTC Bolt has been circling around the rumor mill recently. It’s expected to make its debut on Sprint, at least according to a leaked press image. Other features should include Android 7.0 Nougat and HTC Sense 8.0 software. Given that HTC introduced the HTC 10 this spring, it’s possible the HTC Bolt won’t launch until 2017. Given the increase in leaks, however, anything seems possible. 7. PlayStation VR Call us for cheating if you want. PlayStation VR is officially out today. Fine. You win. Sony’s virtual reality headset marks the third major effort for the medium this year. It presents the lowest cost option, not counting mobile variants like Gear VR, and it earned attention from gamers everywhere. We’re excited for another source of VR gaming. Oculus and Vive are great inputs, but we’re hoping Sony’s clout as a game maker and publisher pushes PSVR to new heights. 8. Made by Google Gadgets We’ll bundle these all together. We’re excited for all of the new “Made by Google” products that are launching soon. That includes the Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL on October 20, followed by the Chromecast Ultra, Google Wifi, Google Home and Google Daydream View VR. Each of these is exciting in its own right, but we’re most excited about the phones. They’ll introduce Google Assistant in Android 7.1 Nougat, Google’s smartest-ever voice-controller artificial intelligence. Assistant will also be accessible through Google Home, the company’s take on the Amazon Echo. And, even more exciting, the smartphones will power Google Daydream View VR, a new headset that’ll compete with Samsung’s Gear VR. All of these products are slated to launch by the end of this year. 9. LG V20 Last but not least, the LG V20 will launch by the end of this month. It’s the very first Android Nougat phone (at least it was the first announced with Nougat) and features LG’s unique secondary display. It’s one of the few flagships with a removable battery and expandable storage, plus it offers top-notch audio and visual features including a powerful DAC and a Quad HD screen. With the Galaxy Note 7 out of commission, this is LG’s time to shine. Topics #HTC Bolt #Huawei Mate 9 #MacBook Pro (2016) #Microsoft #Surface Book #Surface Pro Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
null

Vogue Fashion Beauty Culture Living Runway Spring 2017 Ready-to-Wear Fall 2016 Couture Spring 2017 Menswear Resort 2017 Fall 2016 Ready-to-Wear Videos SUBSCRIBE 6 issues for $6 Give A Gift Renew International Most Shared 1 Eddie Redmayne on Playing the Leading Man in J. K. Rowling’s Pre-Potter World 2 The 13 Gilmore Girls Episodes to Watch Before the Show Returns 3 Prankster Joe Biden Is Our New Internet Meme Hero Runway LEDs Are Lighting Up Fashion—And Have Been for Years October 13, 2016 12:25 pm by Steff Yotka email 1 / 12 Expand __SLIDE_TITLE__ __SLIDE_CAPTION__ __SLIDE_CREDIT__ See more photos of: Read Caption email __SLIDE_TITLE__ __SLIDE_CAPTION__ __SLIDE_CREDIT__ Vogue may earn compensation on these sales through affiliate programs. See more photos of: Expand For Spring 2017, Karl Lagerfeld decked out Chanel’s Boy bags with LED boards that mimicked the house’s quilted motif in lights. Photo: Getty Images See more photos of: Expand Dolce & Gabbana’s shining crowns are for spotlight-seeking girls. Photo: Marcus Tondo / Indigital.tv See more photos of: Expand Karlie Kloss carried a blinking Lisa Perry clutch to the 2016 Met Gala. Photographed by Kevin Tachman See more photos of: Expand Zac Posen created a ball gown with LED-laced seams in the bodice for Claire Danes to wear to the 2016 Met Gala. Photo: Courtesy of Zac Posen / @Zac Posen See more photos of: Expand Karolina Kurkova, too, got the LED memo at the Met Gala, choosing a Marchesa gown with LED-lit flowers. Photo: Getty Images See more photos of: Expand Chromat partnered with Intel for a series of Fall 2016 dresses adorned with LED strips. Photo: Getty Images See more photos of: Expand For Spring 2016, Lagerfeld combined two childhood classics at Chanel: socks with sandals and LED shoes Photo: Gianni Pucci / IndigitalImages.com See more photos of: Expand Richard Nicoll’s Spring 2015 LED dress gave off a delicate glimmer during his show’s finale. Photo: Stefano Masse / Indigitalimages.com See more photos of: Expand Ashish sent out models in light-up platform sneakers for Fall 2014. Photo: Getty Images See more photos of: Expand Katy Perry chose a CuteCircuit glowing dress for the 2010 Met Gala. Photo: Getty Images See more photos of: Expand Hussein Chalayan’s Fall 2007 LED dress featured illuminated images of New York City. Photo: Getty Images See more photos of: Chanel’s robots might have stolen the show at Karl Lagerfeld’s Back to the Future–style show this season, but the accessory of the moment will no doubt be Chanel’s LED-adorned bags. Clutches, cross-body styles, and the label’s infamously cool Boy bag were updated with LED dot matrices that flashed a trompe l’oeil quilted pattern and double-C logos. Clever? Yes, and quite salable considering the modern girl is as obsessed with capturing an Instagram-worthy moment on her iPhone as she is addicted with her phone itself. We’re betting Dolce & Gabbana’s light-up tiaras and shoes are popular, too. Chanel and Dolce & Gabbana are far from the first designers to light up clothing with some artificial glow. Way back in 1999, Alexander McQueen crafted an LED-embellished bustier for Givenchy’s Fall show, inspired by the looming prospect of the technological horror that Y2K was predicted to bring. Several years later, Hussein Chalayan took up the LED mantle, showing dresses that flashed cityscapes meant to convey an environmentalist message. LED shoes at Ashish followed, as did a glitzy frock form Richard Nicoll. The most resounding endorsement of glowing gowns, however, came at 2016’s Met Gala where both Claire Danes and Karolina Kurkova sported LED-dotted numbers that took the event’s tech theme to heart. Above, a look back at those and more of fashion’s brightest moments.     Subscribe now6 Issues for $6 Subscribe In This Story: Chanel Dolce & Gabbana Chalayan Share Tweet Add a Comment Tweet Subscribe Now6 Issues for $6 Subscribe Recommended For You __title__ __category__ __title__ __category__ Vogue Fashion Runway Beauty Culture Living Magazine City Guides Videos Subscribe VOGUE VIP Vogue App Vogue Shop Promotions Vogue Archive Vogue Podcast Log In | Register Log Out Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Sign up for Newsletter Contact Press Subscriptions Digital Editions Vogue Worldwide UK India Italy Mexico Australia Germany Korea Spain Taiwan Russia France Brazil Japan Portugal Ukraine Turkey China Reprints/Permissions Media Kits Careers Condé Nast Digital Allure Architectural Digest Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides.com Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Magazine Customer Service Sitemap © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/2014) and Privacy Policy (Effective 1/2/2014). Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached, or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. x Okay Sign Up for Our Newsletters Vogue Daily - Celebrity style, beauty tips, culture news, and more. Vogue Runway - Daily fashion news, runway coverage, street style, and more. Will be used in accordance with our Privacy Rights. Loading...
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:39 GMT +316 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search US Likely to Destabilize Situation in S China Sea to Keep Its Presence in Region © REUTERS/ U.S. Navy/Handout Asia & Pacific 20:06 13.10.2016(updated 20:29 13.10.2016) Get short URL Topic: US-Chinese Standoff in South China Sea (49) 32705153 After a widely debated decision of the Permanent Court of Arbitration in the Hague on the issue of China's territorial claims in the South China Sea, the situation in the region so far remains stable, contrary to the expectations of many analysts. Almost all parties to the conflict, and even China, are searching for compromise, historical expert Dmitry Mosyakov noted during a recent conference on the issue that took place at the Russian Academy of Sciences. The expert stressed that the countries directly involved in the conflict are showing great restraint and trying to resolve the dispute by diplomatic means, while some states that are not directly involved in the dispute, in particular the United States, Japan and Australia, have come out with much more decisive and provocative statements regarding the implementation of the court's decision. © REUTERS/ U.S. Navy/Handout via Reuters US Intel: Beijing Deployed Military Equipment on Artificial Islands in South China SeaBeijing claims the entire territory of the sea, rich in mineral resources and crossed by important trade routes. China's claims have been contested by Malaysia, the Philippines, Vietnam, and Taiwan, as well as Brunei. Earlier this year, The Hague Permanent Court of Arbitration ruled that China has no historic rights to the South China Sea, in a trial brought by the Philippines. China says the court has no jurisdiction in the matter. In general, participants of the conference came to the conclusion that the court's decision has had a much lesser negative impact on the security situation in the region than might have been expected. China's willingness to engage in dialogue, statements of the new Philippine president about the possibility of a compromise with Beijing as well as recent talks in Hong Kong between Chinese and Philippine representatives have given rise to cautious optimism, Mosyakov noted. At the same time, the expert stressed that the resolution of the territorial dispute in the South China Sea might be hindered by the US, as it will seek to maintain its influence and military presence in the region. The US' activities can be viewed as a destabilizing factor, Mosyakov said, adding that the rapid US military buildup in the region currently taking place is unacceptable. Earlier, US Secretary of Defense Ash Carter reiterated the Pentagon's "Asia Pivot" plans, to deploy 60% of America's overseas naval and air military assets to the Asia-Pacific region by 2020. To complicate matters further, he also announced that the Pentagon would beef up its military presence in the South China Sea. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 153 Topic: US-Chinese Standoff in South China Sea (49) Related: Four-Decade First: US Navy Ships Dock at Vietnam’s Critical South China Sea Port Did the Pentagon Chief Just Reignite South China Sea Tensions? Tags: territorial dispute, South China Sea, China, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply raptorabz 20:51 13.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Hope Russia builds its base at Camh Rhan Bay in Vietnam and the Chinese build at least 800 4th and 5th generation fighters before 2020. Also build some sophisticated missiles before the US starts to police and dictate in the South China Sea Reply American Socialist 21:03 13.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete The US must be dethroned: by any means necessary. Else the entire world is put in danger. I am just an ordinary man, but willing to sacrifice myself in order to achieve this goal. Reply peaceactivist2 21:11 13.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Don't worry, soon the black leadership will be over. New white leadership may have different approach. Black peoples sometimes behave ways out of normal line.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories A 'Very Delicate Issue': EU 'Has to Choose' Between NATO and Its Own Army With US President-elect Donald Trump due in the White House in a few months, the EU now has to make a choice between NATO and its own military, Peter van Ham, expert on European security and transatlantic relations, told Sputnik. 2459 Japan Gives Go-Ahead to Another Nuclear Reactor to Serve Beyond 40 Years Limit Japan's Nuclear Regulation Authority approved another reactor to remain operational for longer than the 40 years maximum, introduced after the 2011 Fukushima disaster, media reported Wednesday. 0 209 'Time Has Come': Russia, Mexico Could Jointly Create Light Helicopter Russia's deputy minister of industry and trade said time had come to launch a joint project with Mexico on the development of a light chopper. 1453 Up to Eight Officials Could Be Implicated in Ex-Russian Minister Bribery Case The case of former Russian Economic Development Minister Alexei Ulyukayev, charged with bribery and extortion, could involve up to eight people more. 1195 Japan Attaches Great Importance to Meetings Between Putin and Abe Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said Tokyo saw "a very important meaning" in the fact of more meetings between Shinzo Abe and Vladimir Putin. 0 94 Kabul Explosion Leaves Four Dead, 11 Wounded A suicide blast in Kabul left four people dead, 11 injured. 0 153 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 10:36Crushing Blow: Trump May Revive Plans on Russian-US Joint Airstrikes in Syria 10:27All Russian Airstrikes in Syria 'Are Targeted, Proportionate, Verified' 10:21Lavrov, Kerry to Discuss Anti-Russia Sanctions, Syria at APEC Session in Peru 10:11Japan Attaches Great Importance to Meetings Between Putin and Abe 09:52Up to Eight Officials Could Be Implicated in Ex-Russian Minister Bribery CaseAll news Russian MIG-29 Crashes in Med After Takeoff From Aircraft Carrier 19598 Vladimir Putin Holds Phone Talks With US President-Elect Donald Trump 9791 Russian Admiral Grigorovich Frigate Targets Terrorists in Syria With Missiles 9037 Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov Aircraft Carrier Begins Combat Operations in Syria 8512 Russian Naval Group in Syria Protected by S-300, Bastion, Pantsir Systems 7689All news Clinton Blames FBI Director for Loss 51 Vladimir Putin Holds Phone Talks With US President-Elect Donald Trump 47 Obama Expected to Demand Greece Close its Ports to Russian Warships 41 Russian MIG-29 Crashes in Med After Takeoff From Aircraft Carrier 38 Mass Student Walk-Outs Across US Protest Trump Election Win 31All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Ivanka Trump, the President-Elect's Right-Hand (Wo)man Trump's New Administration US Citizens Believe Electoral System Needs to be Changed News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Mobile Version Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share New HP Z420 Workstation 8 Core CPU rental Bangalore Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) New HP Z420 Workstation 8 Core CPU rental Bangalore.Maintain professional expandability in an accessible, tool-free mini-tower form factor—all at a great price. With support for next-generation Intel® Xeon® processor families, the latest graphics technology, and increased I/O expandability, the HP Z420 has the power you need to get the job done. Processor: Intel Xeon E5-2660 (Eight Core HT, 20MB Cache, 2.2GHz Turbo) Memory: 32GB memory Hard Disk: 500GbHdd Graphics: NVIDIA Quadro K2200 4GB OS: Windows 7 Professional installed Contact us:Globalnet technologies Mobile no: +91 90360 10005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Thursday, 13 October, 2016  15:24 Expires On: Friday, 21 April, 2017  09:54 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share HP Z420 Workstation rental Hyderabad getPerformance you want Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) HP Z420 Workstation rental Hyderabad get Performance you want. Bring power and performance to the next level with the all new E5-1680 v2 8-core processor and Intel® C602 chipset. Achieve up to an 86% increase in memory bandwidth over previous generation HP workstations. Support up to 64 GB of the latest generation of system memory with 8 DIMM slots and integrated DDR3-1866 (Transfer rates up to 1866 MT/s) memory subsystem. Processor: Intel Xeon E5-2660 (Eight Core HT, 20MB Cache, 2.2GHz Turbo) Memory: 32GB memory Hard Disk: 500GbHdd Graphics: NVIDIA Quadro K2200 4GB OS: Windows 7 Professional installed Contact us:Globalnet technologies Mobile no: +91 90360 10005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Thursday, 13 October, 2016  15:25 Expires On: Friday, 21 April, 2017  09:55 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
null
IOL Main Site Shop Online - Loot IOL Property IOLMobile Home News Business Sport Motoring Tonight Lifestyle Travel SciTech Blogs Newspapers Classifieds Property Jobs Latest Launches Road Tests F1 Grand Prix Motorsport Bikes , Quads & Karts 4 X 4 Special Features Industry News Prices & Specs Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Chrysler Citroen Daimler Daihatsu Daewoo FAW Fiat Ford Foton Geely GWM Honda Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep JMC Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Mazda McLaren Mercedes MG Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Opel Peugeot Porsche Renault Rolls Royce Rover Saab Smart SsangYong Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Other Chevrolet Tata Mahindra Ferrari Dodge Lotus Proton Seat Hummer Cadillac Chery Maserati Aprilia Bimota BMW Buell Cagiva Ducati Gilera Harley Davidson Honda Kawasaki KTM Kymco Laverda Moto Guzzi Other Sundiro Suzuki Triumph Vespa Yamaha Loncin Hyosung Vuka Motorist goes crazy in Joburg road rage spat October 13 2016 at 02:49pm Warning, explicit language: A Mitsubishi Pajero driver stabs a BMW 3-Series with a knife while accusing its driver of having assaulted him. Video: CICA Crime Intel   Related Stories Dealing with road rage when it happens to you Car bashed up in crazy road rage tantrum          Fists fly (again) in Russian road rage          Road rage: Young men the biggest culprits Surgery for man shot in ‘road rage’ brawl Most Viewed Join us Twitter Facebook Subscribe to newsletter Subscribe via RSS Find articles by manufacturer Select a Car Alfa Romeo Audi Bentley BMW Cadillac Chevrolet Chery Chrysler Citroen Daewoo Daihatsu Daimler Dodge Ferrari Fiat Ford Honda Hummer Hyundai Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Land Rover Lexus Lotus Mahindra Maserati Mazda Mercedes Benz MG Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Opel Peugeot Porsche Proton Renault Rover Saab SeatSsangYongSubaruSuzukiTataToyotaVolkswagenVolvo Select a Bike Aprilia Bimota BMW Buell Cagiva Dukati Gilera Harley Davidson Honda Hyosung Kawasaki KTM Kymco Laverda Loncin Moto Guzzi Other Sundiro Suzuki Triumph Vespa Vuka Yamaha Pictures Mazda reveals sleek new SA-bound CX-5 November 16 2016 Virtual reality reveal for Jaguar's electr ... November 15 2016 More Motoring Video When you block a car's exhaust, this happe ... November 15 2016 Historic Porsche 356 hits one million mile ... November 10 2016 More Motoring Business Directory Property You are here: IOL / Motoring / Motorist goes crazy in Joburg road rage spat We like to make your life easier RSS feeds Subscribe to one of our feeds and receive instant news. Mobile Browse IOL on your phone at IOLMobile. Newsletters Subscribe to our newsletters. News delivered to your inbox! Twitter Join us now Facebook Join us now About IOL Subscriptions Feedback Contact Us Advertising Sitemap Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © 1999 - 2015 INDEPENDENT ONLINE, A DIVISION OF INDEPENDENT MEDIA (PTY) LTD. Read Copyright
null
Search Sign in to comment!Login Fox News Home Watch Live Trending Video Watch Live Show Clips News Clips FN Radio Live Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Executive Senate House of Representatives Defense Judiciary Scandals Congress To-Do List U.S. U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Opinion Opinion Home Todd Starnes Judith Miller Juan Williams KT McFarland Dr. Keith Ablow Karl Rove Ric Grenell Entertainment [FOX411] HOME Celebrity News Movies TV Music Style [FOX411] Video Tech Tech Home Gadgets Google Social Military Tech Smartphones Video Games Slideshows Science Science Home Archaeology Air & Space Planet Earth Wild Nature Natural Science Dinosaurs Slideshows Health Health Home Men's Health Women's Health Children's Health Alternative Medicine Diabetes Heart Health Allergies Nutrition & Fitness Travel Travel Home Slideshows In 5 Guides Lifestyle Lifestyle Home Auto Food & Drink Real Estate Recipes Wine with Me World World Home U.N. Conflicts Terrorism Disasters Global Economy Environment Religion Scandals Regions Sports Sports Home NFL MLB NCAA FB Nascar UFC Soccer NBA NHL NCAA BK On Air On Air Home A Healthy You & Carol Alt America's News HQ America's Newsroom Cavuto Fox Files Fox & Friends First Fox & Friends Fox & Friends Weekend Fox News Sunday Geraldo Rivera Reports Hannity Happening Now Justice with Judge Jeanine Legends & Lies: The Patriots #mediabuzz On the Record Outnumbered Red Eye w/ Tom Shillue Shepard Smith Reporting Special Report Specials Sunday Morning Futures with Maria Bartiromo The Cost of Freedom The Five The Greg Gutfeld Show The Journal Editorial Report The Kelly File The O'Reilly Factor The Property Man The Real Story War Stories More from Fox News Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Expand/Collapse Search Home Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Talking Points Bill O'Reilly: Corruption in American journalism By Bill O'ReillyPublished October 13, 2016 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print The Department of Homeland Security said last week that it is very likely Russian hackers targeted Hillary Clinton's Campaign Manager John Podesta. Mr. Podesta is an almost fanatical party enforcer for the Democrats, he has long been a confidant of Secretary Clinton. Talking Points believe that if the Intel is correct and Russian hackers working for Putin did indeed intrude on the American election, President Obama must take action. First, he must speak directly to the American people about the evidence and second he must apply sanctions against the Putin government. These cyber-attacks are just that. Attacks. So let's get on it, Mr. President. Now, for the fallout. By hacking into Podesta's e-mail, we know beyond any doubt that the American press is corrupt. At least to some extent. For example, "New York Times" political reporter Mark Leibovich appears to have given Hillary Clinton's spokeswoman Jennifer Palmieri editorial control over a major news story in "The Times." Reporter asked Miss Palmieri if he could use certain quotes that Hillary Clinton gave him in a private off the record meeting. That's against journalistic procedure. You don't write a political article okayed by a campaign. Another example, working for CNN at the time, now Democratic Chairwoman Donna Brazile apparently fed the Clinton campaign a question that CNN was going to ask doing a town hall meeting featuring Mrs. Clinton. Again, that's corruption and that should never happen. Sample three, John Harwood, he is a Washington correspondent for CNBC and you remember him as a former debate moderator in the Republican primary. According to hacked e-mails, he was e-mailing Podesta suggesting things Hillary Clinton could do to become more successful. That's outrageous. Example four, "The New York Times" reporter Maggie Haberman, then working at Politico was described by the Clinton campaign in an email as quote, "a friendly journalist who teed up stories that never disappointed them. To be fair, that's hearsay. Miss Haberman did not do what Mr. Leibovich did directly interacting with the Clinton campaign as far as we know. So, the email might be unfair to her and both is troubling. Also, another hearsay situation, report today out of TMZ says that NBC had that "Access Hollywood" tape for months and purposely released it to damage Trump before the debate. Anonymous sources, so impossible to verify. Finally, the talk show host Steve Harvey provided Hillary Clinton's campaign with the exact questions he was going to ask Secretary Clinton. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) STEVE HARVEY, TALK SHOW HOST: She's been breaking ground in her personal and professional life since she was a kid. So let's go back to when you were just a kid. HILLARY CLINTON (D), PRESIDENTIAL NOMINEE: Oh boy! Oh my goodness. HARVEY: You wanted to be an astronaut. CLINTON: I did. (END VIDEO CLIP) O'REILLY: Mrs. Clinton knew exactly that that was coming. Including the use of her picture as a child. Talking Points has long asserted that the American press is essentially an arm of the left. This proves it. There's no doubt. So, let's sum up. Any journalists colluding with the political campaign should resign immediately, before she resigned. Period. And that's "The Memo". Bill O'Reilly currently serves as the host of FOX News Channel's (FNC) The O'Reilly Factor (weekdays 8PM/ET), the most watched cable news show for the past 13 years. He joined the network in 1996 and is based in New York. Click here for more information on Bill O'Reilly.  Advertisement Advertisement Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About On Air Personalities Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ

MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg HP's Spectre x360, Envy 13 And Envy All-In-One 27 Upgrades Make For Some Premium Devices 12 October 2016, 11:33 pm EDT By Carl Velasco Tech Times Computer Technology - How Laptops, Personal Computers And Tablets Are Changing The WorldNow Playing Internet In A MinuteNow Playing HP has updated their lineup of premium laptops, along with the HP Envy all-in-one 27. Some of the biggest improvements include a more sleek design for the Spectre x360, extended battery life and seventh-gen Intel processors for both laptops.  ( HP ) Advertisement HP is updating its lineup of premium laptops, including the Spectre x360 and the Envy 13. The company has put both devices under cosmetic refreshes while extending their battery life. Not to be left behind, the HP Envy all-in-one 27 will also get an updated design and Intel's latest processors. The trifecta is HP's more high-end offering that has powerful specs and sophisticated design. HP Spectre x360 The update carries the namesake but is in fact much more powerful and sleek. HP was able to design the updated Spectre x360 to be much more thinner and more slender. The folding hinge stays in the updated Spectre x360 but now sports a 13.3-inch 1080p edge-to-edge display, allowing for a much narrower design than the previous iteration. HP claims 15 hours of total battery life for the Spectre x360 between charges, a 25 percent bump from the previous one. There are two configurations: either a seventh-generation Intel Core i5 or Core i7 with up to 16 GB of RAM and an internal storage of 1 TB SSD. It's available now for $1,159. Expect to shell out more for the Core i7 option. The most affordable configuration will set you back $1,049. You get a Core i5 processor with 8 GB of RAM and a 256 GB SSD. HP Envy 13 The HP Envy 13 doesn't get an edge-to-edge display, but HP packed it with a host of updates under the hood. HP loaded the Envy 13 with the same battery inside the Spectre x360, which HP claims can last up to 14 hours. In comparison, the previous model only offered a maximum 10-hour battery life, a far cry from 14 hours in this one, that is, if HP delivers. The updated HP Envy 13 will offer either a 1080p display or a 2,560 x 1,440 panel, an option absent in the Spectre x360. It will feature front-firing speakers for improved audio quality in real-world situations. Like the Spectre x360, the Envy 13 will also get seventh-generation Intel processors. It will come with up to 16 GB of RAM and up to 1 TB of SSD. A smaller 128 GB SSD is also available as a less expensive option. The most basic model will start at $849. You get an Intel Core i5 processor, 8 GB of RAM, 128 GB SSD and a 1080p display. Pricing for other configurations are still unavailable. It will show up on HP's online store starting Oct. 26. HP Envy All-In-One 27 Along with the redesign, HP has shifted the hardware powering the Envy all-in-one 27 from behind the screen to the base, allowing for a much thinner display that comes with a 2,560 x 1,440 resolution. Since Intel hasn't released seventh-generation Desktop processors yet, the Envy all-in-one will be loaded with Intel Core i7-6700T. It will come with 16 GB of RAM, 128 GB SSD, 1TB HDD and Nvidia GeForce GTX 950M graphics with 4 GB of GDDR5 memory. The Envy all-in-one 27 will come with four USB 3.0 ports, one USB 3.1 Type-C port and an HDMI port. It will be available starting Oct. 16 for $1,599. A cheaper configuration will retail for $1,249 starting Nov. 2. You get an Intel Core i5 processor, no SSD and Nvidia graphics chip. A more expensive model will also be available for $1,699, which doubles the SSD to 256 GB and the HDD to 2 TB. TAG HP Inc., HP Envy, HP Spectre x360, HP Envy 13, HP All-in-One 27, Laptops © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles HP Apologizes For Blocking Third-Party Ink Cartridges On Printers: Upcoming Update Will Return Things To How They Were HP Elite x3 Starts Receiving Windows 10 Mobile Anniversary Update: Performance Boost, New Features HP Elite x3 Smartphone US Sales Halted, Camera Issue To Blame HP’s Envy 13 Is A Skylake-Based, Aluminum Laptop That’s Thinner Than A MacBook Air HP Envy 34-Inch All-In-One PC Is A Curved Beauty With Ultra-Wide Screen From Our Sponsor Five Reasons You Should Buy An iPhone 6s And Not iPhone 7 The iPhone 7 has hit the stores but iPhone 6s still makes a compelling buy. Here's why. SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Microsoft Microsoft Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed: $429 Off Surface Pro 4, $400 Off Surface Book, Lumia BOGO And More 2 Video Games Where To Buy The NES Classic Edition Now That It's Sold Out? Here Are Your Options 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More Advertisement 4 Wearable Tech Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 Self-Lacing Sneakers To Cost $720, Not $1,000: Dec. 1 Expected Release Date, Not Nov. 28 5 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 6 Space Supermoon 2016: Here Are The Best Photos Of The Supermoon Snapped Around The World 7 Public Health Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation 8 Medicine Statin Use Can Help Lower Death Risk For Patients With Ankylosing Spondylitis And Psoriatic Arthritis: Study 9 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 10 Earth/Environment Good News For Earth? New Study Reveals Flat Carbon Emission Levels In 3 Years EDITOR'S PICKS Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 LOOK: iPhone 7 Plus Explodes In China After Hitting The Ground How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
-- NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE MAN  |     How to buy a classic motorcycle in SA? 'There are a few things you need to consider,’ writes bike guru Dries Van der Walt. Top family cars in SA Wheels24's Janine Van der Post has gone from a 'SpeedQueen' to a supermom. Check out her list of top family cars. News Guides and Lists Gear and Tech Wild on Wheels Industry News Environmental Your Wheels24 Classic Cars New Models Road Tests Prices & Specs Finance Calculator Formula One LIVE: 2016 Brazilian GP F1 News Team Standings Driver Standings Results Off-Road and 4x4 Bakkie and SUV Prices & Specs Finance Calculator Wild On Wheels Motorsport World Rally Championship Road Trip Road Trip 101 On the Road SA Routes Journey News Bikes Bike Motorsport Biking News AutoTrader Vehicle Search Competitions 'You assaulted me!' Angry driver 'stabs' BMW in bizarre Gauteng road rage 2016-10-13 12:38 share: ROAD RAGE CLIP: A video shows two angry drivers, one wielding a knife and the other a police baton, attack each other in Gauteng. Image YouTube   Video WATCH: Driver loses his mind witnessing road rage 2016-10-05 12:01 A road-rage battle escalates when a bakkie driver rams a fellow road users car. A dashcam not only captures the action but a driver's weird reaction to witnessing a road fight. WARNING: Strong language Related Links Which major SA city has the worst taxi drivers? Readers respond... WATCH: Driver loses his mind witnessing road rage 'Calm down!' Gauteng driver goes ballistic when confronted about driving Johannesburg – Footage of a Mitsubishi Pajero driver attempting to stab another driver has been making the rounds on social media.  The clip shows two angry motorists involved in a road-rage altercation; the Pajero driver whips out a large knife and attempts to jab at the BMW driver. The 4x4 driver can be seen repeatedly stabbing at the BMW's rear door.     The Pajero driver then manoeuvre his SUV in place and hits the BMW. 'Repeatedly stabs the vehicle'  According to the uploader CICA Crime Intel: "Road rage video that everyone is talking about. Angry motorist in a Mitsubishi Pajero pulls a huge knife on a motorist in a BMW 320i & repeatedly stabs the vehicle while shouting that he was assaulted by the BMW driver before smashing his Pajero into the BMW." Johan Jonck, Arrive Alive editor, said: "This incident seems to have passed way beyond road rage and the physical threat of impending violence - it has escalated to criminal behaviour and an actual incident of destruction of property. For such an individual a charge needs to be laid for reckless driving, assault (which includes the threat of bodily harm) as well as destruction of property for the damage done to the vehicle... "The law should take its course - we do not need to share the roads with people who cannot behave with the necessary self restraint." &lt;br _moz_dirty="" /&gt; Have you been the victim of road rage? Have you experienced aggressive driving? Email usor get in touch via Facebook  or Twitter. Jonck said: "I don't think we should too easily call everything road rage. Road rage has become the 'group name' for all these incidents of aggressive driving. For aggressive driving we have made several recommendations on the Arrive Alive website on how to resist the urge to retaliate and to get involved."  Tips for dealing with road rage in SA If you’ve ever cursed at another driver, hooted excessively, tailgated a slow driver or tapped your brakes in front of a speedy follower, you have also exhibited some mild road rage-related behaviour. Isabel Clarke, a clinical psychologist who specialises in anger management, offers the following advice for dealing with anger:   1 Recognise your anger signs - If you notice signs that you're breathing quicker or that your heart is beating faster, get out of the situation if you have a history of losing control.   2 Count to ten - Counting to ten helps you to cool down, think more clearly and overcome the impulse to lash out.   3 Breathe slowly - You automatically breathe in more than out when you’re feeling angry. The trick is to breathe out more than in in order to calm down and think clearly.   4 Exercise – It helps to get rid of anger and irritation.   5 Look after yourself - Make time to relax regularly, and ensure that you get enough sleep. Drugs and alcohol can make anger problems worse.   6 Get creative - Writing, making music, dancing, painting and other creative outlets can release tension and help reduce feelings of anger.   7 Talk about how you feel - Discussing your feelings with a friend can be useful, and can help you get a different perspective on the situation.   8 Look at the way you think - Thoughts such as “It’s not fair,” or “People like that shouldn’t be on the roads” can make anger worse because it keeps you focused on whatever it is that’s making you angry. Let these thoughts go and it will be easier to calm down. What if you're a victim? Twilley recommends that drivers plan their time and routes carefully to avoid frustration, avoid driving when they are angry/exhausted, use public transportation where possible and listen to soothing music when they drive. If you feel that you are being targeted by an aggressive driver on the road, she suggests the following:   1 Ignore verbal abuse and rude gestures. Do not engage the aggressor.   2 Keep your doors locked and your windows up.   3 If you are being followed, head to the nearest police station or any other public place that you can receive help. NEXT ON WHEELS24X WATCH: What's the difference between a street, road and avenue? 41 minutes ago Read more on:    bmw  |  south africa  |  gauteng  |  anger management  |  road rage  |  videos SPONSORED: Cars for sale in South Africa Email article Print article GET WHEELS ON: Your mobile Your Facebook profile SHARE: Facebook Twitter Other Stories in News... WATCH: What's the difference between a street, road and avenue? 41 minutes ago Ever wondered what's the difference between a road, avenue or street? This clip tracks the history of how the the global road system has been developed. New road rules for SA: 'School kids can and must walk' 58 minutes ago New road rules for South Africa will affect the transport of school children on the back of bakkies. JPSA explains how the new rules will work. Read Wheels24’s Comments Policy Inside Wheels24 Rossi in hot water? Fan kicked by Rossi rejects his apology, may press charges. Skosan's new ride We get to know the petrolhead behind Golden Lion's Courtnall Skosan. Jeza opens up Jeremy Clarkson reflects on the BBC and The Grand Tour. Sportscars in SA This is where the money went in October. Tucson range expanded Hyundai has added two new diesel derivatives to its Tucson range. Hamilton takes win in Brazil Lewis Hamilton won a wet and incident marred race in Sau Paulo. Driven: Volvo S60 Polestar Can Volvo's new performer hold its own against the BMW M3? 10 top SA motoring stories The best stories that made the headlines this week. Most ReadEditor's Choice New road rules for SA: school bakkie transport, speed limits New bakkies for SA: Navara, Triton coming early 2017 REVIEW: New SA-bound Nissan Navara driven in Morocco WATCH: Jeremy Clarkson opens up about Top Gear, Grand Tour Brawn backtracks on Schumi recovery comment Hilux fails handling test: Here's how 5 rival bakkies fared Type R vs Nissan Champ: This Cape Town drag race almost went horribly wrong South Africans against Drunk Driving: A mother's battle to end road carnage 11 things you should know about the Mercedes X-Class Mexico GP: Hamilton wins in chase to catch Rosberg BP fights rising fuel prices for SA motorists BP's new fuel, Ultimate with Active technology, will, theoretically, extend your car's fuel range while reducing maintenance costs. Read more. AA: Effective policing key to curbing road carnage in SA How to drive fuel efficiently in SA With the price of fuel set to increase again, we list more tips and methods on how to stretch the fuel in your car, as well as stretching your wallet. Emissions scandal: Nissan to face charges? Men Women Search Gertjie1985 I'm a 31 year old man looking to meet women between the ages of 27 and 32. View profile onlyme39 I'm a 40 year old woman looking to meet men between the ages of 35 and 46. View profile Love 2 Meet Formula 1 F1: Ron Dennis forced out of McLaren Brawn backtracks on Schumi recovery comment Brazil GP wrap: The most exciting race of 2016? Bikes & Quads Proudly SA: World champ Brad Binder finishes Moto3 career in style Bikers, do you have an emergency kit? Lorenzo signs off at Yamaha with Valencia MotoGP win Motor Shows 2016 Paris motor show: 10 awesome car pics Next-gen Rio, updated Soul: New Kia models at Paris motor show Paris auto show: Lexus to reveal new, innovative... car seat? Motorsport MotoGP: Fan kicked by Rossi rejects his apology, may press charges Bold Marine GTi Challenge: Reader's 104 awesome pics Proudly SA: World champ Brad Binder finishes Moto3 career in style services Wheels24 on your mobile phone The latest headlines delivered to you Sign up to Newsletters Terms and Conditions · Meet the team · Advertise · About us · Contact Us © 2016 24.com. All rights reserved. There are new stories on the homepage. Click here to see them.   Find your perfect match now! I am a: Woman Man Looking for: Women Men Men & Women Age Range: 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 to 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100
null
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Space constrained Dell PowerEdge R620 Rack Server rental Hyderabad Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Space constrained Dell PowerEdge R620 Rack Server rental Hyderabad. Dramatically boost application performance with the latest Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2600 product family and up to 24 dual in-line memory modules (DIMMs). Built with 22-nanometer process technology and up to 12 cores per processor, it enables super-fast processing for compute-intensive tasks. Processor: Intel Xeon E5-2600 Number of processors: 2 Form factor: 1U rack Chipset: Intel C600 Memory: 768 GB (maximum), 24 DIMM slots, supports 2 GB, 4 GB, 8 GB, 16 GB and 32 GB DDR3 DIMMs, up to 1600MHz Storage: 10 TB (maximum), supports 10 2.5”, hot-pluggable SAS, SATA and SSD drives I/O: 2 or 3 PCI-Express (PCIe) slots RAID: Internal controllers (PERC S110, PERC H310, PERC H710, PERC H710P), external host bus adapters (PERC H810), external HBA (non-RAID 6 Gbps SAS HBA) Contact Us: Serverental, Mobile: 098866 99666, Email: Sales@serverental.com, Website: http://serverental.com/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Thursday, 13 October, 2016  08:33 Expires On: Friday, 21 April, 2017  03:03 Related Ads Dell Boomi Training Online server hosting services bangalore Space for rent in Bodi Space for rent in Bodi at Theni dell boomi online training Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Cutting-edge Dell Power edge R910 Server Rental Hyderabad Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Cutting-edge Dell Power edge R910 Server Rental Hyderabad. Dell™ PowerEdge™ R910 for reliability, incorporating features such as Intel® advanced reliability, availability and serviceability (RAS) capabilities; redundant power supplies; remote IDRAC6 connectivity; and embedded diagnostics. Processors: Up to four Quad, Six or Eight-Core Intel Xeon Processors Memory: Up to 256GB ECC Registered Hard Drives: Supports up to sixteen 2.5" SAS / SATA Maximum Internal Storage: Up to 4.8TB I/O Slots: 10 PCIe G2 slots available Cache: Up to 24MB Remote Management: IDRAC6 Express Contact Us: Serverental, Mobile: 098866 99666, Email: Sales@serverental.com, Website: http://serverental.com/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Thursday, 13 October, 2016  08:29 Expires On: Friday, 21 April, 2017  02:59 Related Ads Power MTA: Bulk SMTP | Email Marketing | SMTP Servers Dell Boomi Training Online Power MTA: Bulk SMTP | Email Marketing | SMTP Servers server hosting services bangalore Power MTA: Bulk SMTP | Email Marketing | SMTP Servers Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Efficient Infrastructure Dell PowerEdge R900 Server Rental Hyderabad Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Efficient Infrastructure Dell PowerEdge R900 Server Rental Hyderabad. Dell’s most powerful Intel® server, the PowerEdge R900 is designed and optimized to provide outstanding virtualization performance. Processors: Up to four 6-core Intel Xeon Processors Memory:Up to 256GB Full Buffered RAM Hard Drives:Supports up to five 3.5" SAS / SATA Maximum Internal Storage: Up to 5TB I/O Slots: Seven PCI Express™ slots available Cache: Up to 8MB 1.3 cache per processor Remote Management: Baseboard Management Controller with IPMI 2.0 compliance Contact Us: Serverental, Mobile: 098866 99666, Email: Sales@serverental.com, Website: http://serverental.com/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Thursday, 13 October, 2016  08:31 Expires On: Friday, 21 April, 2017  03:01 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Devices Health Transport Data/Security Industrial Cities Platforms more About Contact Subscribe Privacy Advertise More Categories Code Structure Connect Lead Fund Grow Operate About Contact Advertise Privacy Subscribe Devices Health Transport Data/Security Industrial Cities Platforms more About Contact Subscribe Privacy Advertise More Categories Code Structure Connect Lead Fund Grow Operate With IoT data, sometimes less is more Posted on October 11, 2016 in Data and Security Gary Davis gary.isecg.davis@intel.com http://www.intel.com Chief consumer security evangelist, Intel Connected devices may be the biggest security challenge we face over the next several years. Companies are keen to analyze user IoT data to better understand consumer behavior and are sometimes gathering more data than they need for their service. But what are the potential consequences to your customers, and your company, if this personal info is stolen or accidentally released? What happens when a criminal uses this information to stalk someone online? Gary Davis, Chief Consumer Security Evangelist, Intel With so many IoT devices, apps, and services coming to market, more and more personal info is being captured, transmitted, and stored, yet much of this data is unnecessary to support the functionality of the device or service. You may think this is not a big deal, but the more personal data you have, the more resources your company will have to devote to protecting it. If there is a breach, the bad guys can extract a large amount of personal information about customers. The potential consequences range from identity theft and fraud of your customers to significant financial damage to your company’s brand. Once a month I get an email from my thermostat service, telling me how I compared to the previous month, to my neighborhood, and what external factors may have caused my energy use to change. This is valuable info that does not violate my privacy, and if I want to share it there are Facebook and Twitter buttons on the infographic. Even if I choose to share it publicly, there is no info that would give away my location, or when I am away from home. Compare this to my fitness wearable, which wants to post to Facebook for every workout. While this is probably done for good reasons to help encourage and reinforce my exercise regime, it releases potential info on when I am at the gym and not at home. When developing a new device or service, make it better by collecting less data. Instead of gathering everything you can possibly think of, determine what minimum data is required to deliver your service. Pay special attention to items that constitute personally identifiable info, and ask why they are needed. These include: Full name and address Document numbers, such as social security, passport, or driver’s license Credit card or bank account info Date of birth Biometric data, including photographs of the face IP address or other session identification details One of the most common ways of identifying an individual is via a username and password. It’s been around since almost the inception of the digital age and is a constant source of concern as we see an increasing number of high-profile breaches exposing usernames and passwords. An emerging authentication alternative is using multiple factors such as your fingerprint and your device location to create a one-time token to authenticate a specific transaction like a banking or retail purchase online. For IoT data, tokens improve security This would be used instead of relying on usernames and passwords. These tokens only exist for the time to complete your specific transaction and are not vulnerable to a brute force attack, and cannot be reused even if they are stolen. Moving to single-use tokens greatly improves the security of your interactions. Tokens can be validated more easily than a complicated password encryption, reducing login time, and the password is not stored anywhere else and does not travel outside of your most secure systems. In the event of a breach, any stolen tokens are useless for authentication and do not enable the attacker to calculate the next valid token. In the spirit of doing more with less, think about embracing authentication tokens instead of usernames and passwords. With so many new devices and services coming to market, it is necessary to safeguard your business and your customers. Connected devices should not collect, keep, or transmit more data than they need to operate the service, especially personally identifiable information. There are multiple companies doing this right, which delivers value to me as a consumer while also gathering useful data for their own use, without revealing personal info. Tags: consumer technology, customer data, data security, featured, Internet of Things, IoT, tokens, top Facebook Comments Related Posts IoT and startups: This space is glowing white hot The Internet of Things paves the way for a whole new generation of devices, adding network connectivity to virtually everything and anything in industry, at home, and even on your person. This creates a world of opportunity for startups. Not only in developing new technologies to take advantage of this trend, but in finding unique… Read more » Ryan Matthew Pierson What are the challenges of ideation in IoT? Manufacturers of products across the consumer spectrum have by and large read the writing on the wall by now: go IoT, or go home. In the near future, pretty much everything more complicated than a paper clip will assume the prefix of ‘smart’, and join the ranks of connected, communicative, hitherto inanimate objects. As this… Read more » Lior Akavia Will these Chinese satellites provide “hack-proof” data security? China has launched a quantum-encrypted satellite that could prove a major cybersecurity breakthrough if it proves truly “hack proof.” The implications of the recent satellite launch was came via Abu Dhabi-based The National. The experimental technology in question is the Quantum Experiments at Space Scale, or QUESS satellite, which is component of a space programme under… Read more » Donal Power Surprise, you are in the data business Do you share information digitally, with other people or with companies, in your personal or professional life? Then you’re in the data business. That may come as a surprise to anyone who doesn’t work in Silicon Valley, or even in the tech field. The millions of people in manufacturing, healthcare, or education may not think… Read more » Harvey Anderson White House wants the nation to get ready for AI In an effort to drive continued innovation in a handful of key areas of technology and science, President Obama hosted the White House Frontiers Conference, a one-day conference in Pittsburgh. This conference is a joint venture between the White House, the  University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University. During the conference, President Obama announced a number… Read more » Ryan Matthew Pierson ReadWrite News Industrial For real industrial internet insight: don’t just capture data, use it Jim Walsh November 15, 2016 Katie.Shuford@edelman.com President and CEO at GE Automation and Controls Connect with ReadWrite Like Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Devices What cold chains can teach us about the dynamics of IoT power Michael Vedomske November 14, 2016 michael.vedomske@ingenu.com http://www.ingenu.com Principal Data Scientist, Ingenu Devices Will hybrid smartwatches prove a more tempting solution to consumers? Ryan Matthew Pierson November 13, 2016 ryanmatthewpierson@gmail.com http://ryanmpierson.com Contributing Writer Devices Wearable innovation is coming to first responder technology Cate Lawrence November 12, 2016 cate@atravellingcook.com Contributing Writer Cities What happens to transportation projects under President Trump? David Curry November 12, 2016 davidatfreelance@gmail.com Contributing Writer Devices Samsung wants you to say hello to Bixby Amanda Razani November 11, 2016 razani.amanda@gmail.com Contributing Writer Cities How IoT and citizen science can tackle urban disadvantage Cate Lawrence November 11, 2016 cate@atravellingcook.com Contributing Writer Cities Hong Kong plans to roll out smart city trials in Kowloon East Amanda Razani November 11, 2016 razani.amanda@gmail.com Contributing Writer About Contact Advertise Privacy Subscribe Devices Health Transport Data and Security Industrial Cities Platforms © 2016 ReadWrite
India obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu WARNING Risky celebs: Your love for Bollywood could cost you your computer Written by Madhura Karnik October 13, 2016 Quartz india Beware. (AP Photo/Rafiq Maqbool) Share Written by Madhura Karnik October 13, 2016 Quartz india If you are in India and searching for celebrity gossip online, beware. Some searches would most probably expose your computer to viruses and malware. A new study by Intel Security, owner of the McAfee virus protection products, has ranked the riskiest Bollywood celebrity searches. Actress Sonakshi Sinha tops the list. This means whenever someone looks for anything on Sinha, they are at the highest risk. For instance, a search term like “Sonakshi Sinha + Torrent”, would mean a “21% chance of connecting to a malicious website,” the study says. The overall risk quotient for searches related to Sinha is 11.11%. Here’s the rest of the list: Hackers are evidently taking advantage of India’s unending love for Bollywood, with movie aficionados spending hours online looking for news on awards, movie premiers or even celebrity breakups. Fans are often enticed to click on sites loaded with malware that could hide in your computer and steal sensitive personal information. “Cinema and celebrity culture continue to be synonymous with Indian consumers,” Venkat Krishnapur, head of R&D operations for Intel Security’s India Development Centre, said in a statement. “Cybercriminals are increasingly targeting consumers who access information-on-the-go, without considering the potential security risks online around celebrity interest.” Intel used many commonly searched terms—”celebrity name + torrent,” “celebrity name + mp3,” and “celebrity name + HD download”—on Google, Bing, and Yahoo to draw conclusions. So before you search “Sonakshi Sinha + mp3” the next time, think twice. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
null
null
null
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Amazon, others have opened early pre-orders for… Amazon, others have opened early pre-orders for the Transformer Mini 2-in-1 PC By Kevin Parrish — October 11, 2016 1:48 PM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends During Computex 2016 at the end of May, Asus revealed the $1,000 Transformer 3 Pro 2-in-1 PC (T303UA), the ultra-slim and compact $800 Transformer 3 (T305CA), and the Transformer Mini (T102HA) that Asus billed as the world’s lightest two-in-one PC to date. The latter Mini model will officially launch in a few weeks, but the device has already shown up on Amazon and B&H for customers to pre-order. Units are not expected to ship until the end of October or early November. Related: Want the new ZenPad Z10 tablet from Asus? Head on over to Verizon The B&H listing does not provide any specs, but Amazon’s listing is full of information regarding the T102HA-D4-GR model. Amazon currently describes it as the Transformer Book although the product number points to the upcoming Transformer Mini. As the current Asus portfolio seems to suggest, the Transformer Mini replaces the older Transformer Book (T101HA) product. Here is what is packed inside: Processor: Intel “Cherry Trail” Atom x5-Z8300 (quad-core) Processor speed: 1.44GHz base, 1.84GHz burst System memory: 4GB Internal storage: 128GB SSD Screen size: 10.1 inches Screen resolution: 1,280 x 800 Wireless connectivity: Wireless AC, Bluetooth 4.1 Webcam 2MP Size: 6.7 x 10.2 x 0.5 inches Battery: Up to 11 hours of video playback Ports: 1x USB 3.0 1x micro USB 1x mico HDMI 1x micro SD card reader 1x 3.5mm headphone jack According to the listing, the Transformer Mini features a magnesium alloy body, enabling a lightweight form factor of less than 1.7 pounds. It comes with a keyboard and pen, thus it measures only 0.6 inches thin with the larger peripheral attached and closed. It even packs a fingerprint reader that supports the Windows Hello feature in Windows 10. This device uses the Pro version of Microsoft’s operating system, so expect some installed bloatware from Asus. The official product page shows that the Transformer Mini will be served up in Quartz Gray, Amber, Mint Green, and Icicle Gold colors. There will also eventually be a cheaper model providing only 64GB of internal storage. The website even states “up to 4GB” of system memory, meaning a version with a lower memory capacity could be possible for customers on a budget. What is surprising here is the use of the Atom x5-Z8300 processor, which launched in the second quarter of 2015. That was over a year ago and a more updated version would be the x5-Z8330 processor launched in the first quarter of 2016. Asus is undoubtedly trying to keep the overall cost low by using the older chip. Check out the comparison: x5-Z8300 X5-Z8330 x5-Z8500 Launch data Q2’15 Q1’16 Q1’15 Process node 14nm 14nm 14nm Cores/Threads 4/4 4/4 4/4 Base clock speed 1.44GHz 1.44GHz 1.44GHz Burst clock speed 1.84GHz 1.92GHz 2.24GHz Cache 2MB 2MB 2MB Scenario design power 2 watts 2 watts 2 watts Max memory support 2GB 2GB 8GB Memory types DDR3L-RS 1,600 DDR3L-RS 1,600 LPDDR3 1,600 Max # of memory channels 1 1 2 Max memory bandwidth 12.8GB/s 12.8GB/s 25.6GB/s Integrated graphics Intel HD Graphics Intel HD Graphics 400 Intel HD Graphics Graphics base speed 200MHz 200MHz 200MHz Graphics burst speed 500MHz 500MHz 600MHz Max resolution 1,920 x 1,080 Not listed 2,560 x 1,600 As the chart shows, there is not a lot of difference between the x5-Z8300 and the X5-Z8330, save for a slight increase in processor burst speed. That may be why Asus stuck with the older, cheaper chip in its new Transformer Mini device. Also notice that we included the Intel Atom x5-Z8500 processor in the chart. That is what is packed in the Transformer Book T100HA model released in 2015. You can grab one of these for $270 that includes 4GB of system memory and 64GB of internal storage. You may get better performance out of the processor, but receive less storage space than the Transformer Mini in return.
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome And so it begins: Messenger expanding sponsored chats Snap Inc secretly files for IPO valuing it at up to $25bn Next generation key to helping family firms survive digital disruption Chinese group shows $1bn interest in IDG acquisition Facebook in midst of mutiny as staff form group to tackle fake news Samsung makes massive $8bn bet on connected cars Siemens closes in on $4.5bn Mentor Graphics deal The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 412m AdultFriendFinder network accounts exposed in massive breach MHC Tech Law: When can you resell software? The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies What is the rest of the world searching about Donald Trump? Vodafone Ireland to invest €250m in Gigabit Society transformation Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Siro claims 36,500 FTTH homes as 1Gbps fibre race steps up a gear Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure Start-up of the week: Veri Integrated Training Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund OpenBack wins €25,000 ESB Spark of Genius 2016 prize ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain Researchers find new answer to origin of the rings of Saturn It’s time for young researchers to have a voice How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world Osteoporosis test developed at UL to benefit millions of people Quantum computing breakthrough by Tyndall researchers Back to the Future fashion inspires solar-powered clothing New wearable terahertz scanner could revolutionise medicine Report suggests evangelical IoT predictions are a ‘triumph of hope over reality’ BMW: ‘Supercomputers, AI and 5G crucial to make self-driving real’ ‘Harry Potter invisibility cloak’ developed for photonic chips Facebook’s AI revolution will start with Picasso-like photo filters How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth College & Beyond event helps young women develop STEM careers How unusual recruitment methods attract better candidates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? How do top companies attract top talent? Want a career in software? These are the most important skills Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Fjord’s Mark Curtis: ‘Design thinking must not become a management fad’ Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway Storyful plans job growth as it opens new Dublin office Hundreds of sci-tech jobs announced across 9 companies in Ireland IoT company Smartfrog to fill 35 new jobs in Dublin ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male 10 amazing images that bagged wildlife photography awards Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity Samsung pins its hopes on AI assistant in Galaxy S8 WhatsApp about to steal some of Snapchat’s ideas You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first See how Earth’s population grew over time ALL How can colleges ensure everyone gets a chance? Is ‘Peers Inc’ the latest industrial revolution? How social media helped save codebreaking’s true home David Hennessy: Making Three plus O2 equal one The working life is changing fast, companies need to catch up Nora Khaldi on being both a scientist and an engineer ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT MACHINES The machines are here: Intel reveals industrial Falcon 8+ drone by Gordon Hunt 13 Oct 201617 Shares Intel Falcon 8+. Image: Intel Corporation Intel’s first branded drone, the Falcon 8+, has been revealed, pitched at the industrial sector and poised to take jobs out of labourers’ hands. Far from your smartphone-managed hobby drone, the Intel Falcon 8+ is the company’s attempt at sneaking in on the ground floor of a nascent industry that’s set to explode. Widely accepted as the future of some of humanity’s more laborious tasks, such as deliveries and site reconnaissance, drones will continue to improve in terms of functionality and weight-to-payload capacity. Intel claims the best drone in that regard, at the moment, is its new Falcon 8+. Operated at a water-resistant station via joysticks and a special monitor called Intel Cockpit, the company claims it’s setting “a new standard” in industrial drones. We’ve seen drones used in construction works in Ireland already, with the €115m expansion of the Bausch + Lomb facility in Waterford overseen by such technology earlier this year. Last month, Intel said it was acquiring Movidius, the Irish machine-vision chip maker whose technology is powering AI in cutting-edge virtual reality and drone applications by companies like Google and China’s DJI. Intel said it plans to use the Movidius acquisition to position the chip giant to provide computer vision and deep-learning solutions from the device to the cloud. Movidius has its fingerprints all over a growing number of internet of things devices of late, though its unclear if it played any role in the Falcon 8+ (unlikely given the timeframe). Intel Falcon 8+ cockpit. Image: Intel Corporation Intel says its Falcon 8+ includes full electronic system redundancy and automated aerial-sensing solutions, with interference from other hobbyist drones rendered, apparently, obsolete. “The system provides detailed images down to millimetre accuracy and gives valuable structural analysis that helps users detect and prevent further damage to infrastructure,” said Josh Walden, SVP and GM of Intel’s new technology group. “Drones are an important computing platform for the future, and Intel is positioning itself at the forefront of this opportunity to provide the compute, sensor, communications and cloud integration for the growing drone ecosystem.” Related: Intel, drones Gordon Hunt is a journalist at Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Intel acquires Irish chip firm Movidius to drive machine-vision revolution 6 Sep 2016596 Shares Hiring Now Join us to create the technology of tomorrow Work smarter, live better Help us change the way money works Help develop the future of sales and trading Life Sky’s the limit as Drone Racing League hits screens 16 Sep 201612 Shares Companies Intel reports mixed Q2 as cloud and IoT strategy gets off to a rocky start 21 Jul 20164 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Companies Intel to spin out McAfee cybersecurity unit in $4.2bn deal 8 Sep 201613 Shares Innovation Humming asthma treatment wins SciFest 2016 for Kildare student 1 day ago34 Shares Business Weekend takeaway: Ireland emerges as a global cloud capital 16 Sep 201622 Shares Latest News Snap Inc secretly files for IPO valuing it at up to $25bn 6 minutes ago Next generation key to helping family firms survive digital disruption 15 hours ago Back to the Future fashion inspires solar-powered clothing 15 hours ago Researchers find new answer to origin of the rings of Saturn 15 hours ago It’s time for young researchers to have a voice 15 hours ago Vodafone Ireland to invest €250m in Gigabit Society transformation 15 hours ago Chinese group shows $1bn interest in IDG acquisition 16 hours ago How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 19 hours ago New wearable terahertz scanner could revolutionise medicine 19 hours ago Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? 20 hours ago Report suggests evangelical IoT predictions are a ‘triumph of hope over reality’ 21 hours ago 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 22 hours ago Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland 22 hours ago Osteoporosis test developed at UL to benefit millions of people 23 hours ago Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? 23 hours ago Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way 23 hours ago Quantum computing breakthrough by Tyndall researchers 23 hours ago Facebook in midst of mutiny as staff form group to tackle fake news 23 hours ago Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland 1 day ago Humming asthma treatment wins SciFest 2016 for Kildare student 1 day ago Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate 1 day ago Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up 1 day ago The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 1 day ago Prof Mark Ferguson: Serial entrepreneurs are the lifeblood of Irish research 1 day ago More from Discovery Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
null
rediff.com Rediff Business News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Business » Warning: Searching for Sonakshi Sinha can be dangerous Warning: Searching for Sonakshi Sinha can be dangerous October 13, 2016 11:53 IST An online search for Sonakshi Sinha has very high chances of connecting to a malicious website as the actor has emerged as the most sensational celebrity in a survey conducted by McAfee for the year 2016. Sinha, who replaced Priyanka Chopra at the top of the list, is followed by Farhan Akhtar and Kareena Kapoor. Tiger Shroff and Arjun Kapoor shared the fourth slot and Shraddha Kapoor came fifth. The study, published by Intel Security, highlights the various ways hackers can take advantage of consumer interest around several facets of Bollywood cinema news and entice unsuspecting fans to visit sites loaded with malware that can steal passwords and personal information. The study said a search for “Sonakshi Sinha + Torrent” resulted in a 21 per cent chance of connecting to a malicious website. “Cyber-criminals are increasingly targeting consumers who access information on the go, without considering the potential security risks online around celebrity interest,” Venkat Krishnapur, head of R&D operations for Intel Security’s India Development Centre said. Photograph: Courtesy Sonakshi Sinha/Instagram. Kiran Rathee Source: Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT MOST EMAILED MOST COMMENTED 350% rise in cybercrime in India in 3 years: Study How India plans to fight the menace of cyber crime Cyber crime: 1,600 arrested, only 7 convicted 113 million Indians lost Rs 16k on average to cyber crime India logs 40% annual increase in cyber crime cases Ensure ink for money deposit does not create problems for voters: EC to Centre UK has no Brexit plan, claims leaked memo When Sonia Gandhi left museum staff dumb-struck Could Liverpool legend Gerrard take up coaching role at Anfield? World Cup qualifiers, PICS: Lippi's China held by Qatar; SK, Japan win Mr PM, you lost the war, the battle and me The black money problem is far from over! 'Ek bhi neta nahi dikha line mein' Bullet train costs 3 times more than India's health budget Demonetisation: Centre increases limits on note exchange, withdrawal Day 4: India continues to stand in queue as banks work on Sunday Banks to use indelible ink to check repeated note exchange BJP pushes Jaitley to give tax relief in Budget Cash-to-cashless journey won't be easy Moneywiz Live! Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz India Business News  |  Indian Stock Market News  |  Bollywood Movies  |  Indian Cricket News  |  India News  |  India Abroad Person of the Year 2013 © 2016 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes banned: What is ATM Recalibration and why it could take 2-3 weeks By Naina Khedekar 5   Comments Trai needs to update the minimum broadband speed, from 512 Kbps, to stop embarrassing itself By Aditya Madanapalle 4   Comments Currency ban: An analysis of social media sentiment around India’s latest financial regulation By Nash David 3   Comments Demonetisation: To get India to trade and transact digitally, UPI needs to succeed By Nash David 3   Comments India’s new e-service tax a headache for content providers, a moneyspinner for Modi govt 2   Comments more from #Samsung Another Samsung smartphone explodes, this time it's the Galaxy S7 Smartphone shipments in India cross 30 million unit shipments milestone Samsung announces plans to buy Harman for $8 billion to boost in-car tech Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> No job cuts despite Galaxy Note 7 woes, says Samsung Vietnam #Samsung 0   13 Oct 2016 , 11:09 Samsung Vietnam will maintain its current staff numbers, the firm said on Wednesday, despite the parent company scrapping its flagship Galaxy Note 7 phone following a series of battery fires. Samsung Electronics, which employs around 110,000 people in Vietnam, finally pulled the plug on the new Note 7 phone on Tuesday, less than two months after its launch, dealing a huge blow to the business as a result of unresolved safety concerns. But Samsung Vietnam said it has no plan to lay off employees in 2016 as a result of the parent company’s crisis and predicted the value of its exports would grow further from last year’s $32.7 billion. “The Note 7 incident may not bring about any significant impact on our exports in 2016; in fact this year’s exports turnover is expected to increase,” Samsung Vietnam said in a statement. Samsung is a major investor in Vietnam, a low-cost manufacturing centre for products that include its signature SMART televisions. Electronics has become a vital part of Vietnam’s economy and a factory base for other brands like Microsoft, Intel, Canon Inc, LG and Sony Corp. Le Dang Doanh, a renowned economist and former government advisor, said the Note 7 crisis would serve as a warning to the government to diversify its economy and to become less reliant on foreign investment, which accounts for around 70 percent of Vietnam’s exports. “This incident will affect negatively on Vietnam’s labour, exports and state budget,” he said. “There is a lesson here that we should not rely too much on a single market and exports should not depend on a single product.” Crucial Sector Phones exports are significant to Vietnam’s exports, with the value of 2015 shipments up by 27.8 percent at $30.17 billion, or 19 percent of the country’s total exports, customs data show. Its phone shipments in the first nine months of this year increased by an estimated 8.6 percent on the same period last year to $24.96 billion. Samsung Electronics slashed its quarterly profit estimate by a third on Wednesday after taking a $2.3 billion hit from ditching the Note 7, which is made in Vietnam, South Korea and China. But losses could spread to Vietnam where Samsung Electronics has several phone factories in the north with combined investments of about $7.5 billion. Any fall in phone output would put further pressure on what is one of Asia’s most resilient economies, as weakness in the mining and agriculture sectors hindered growth in the third quarter. Many economists and the government have predicted that Vietnam will miss its 6.7 percent growth target this year. Analysts say a permanent end to Note 7 sales could cost Samsung up to $17 billion and tarnish the brand for other phones in the minds of consumers and carriers, while Samsung Electronics’ market value has lost by around $20 billion. The value of exports from Samsung’s factories in Thai Nguyen and Bac Ninh could rise to $34.7 billion this year, or about a fifth of Vietnam’s total exports, said Nguyen Mai, president of Vietnam’s Association of Foreign Invested Enterprises. Recalling the Note 7 could reduce Vietnam’s exports by an estimated 0.5 percent to 1 percent this year, which will pose more challenges for the Southeast Asian nation to achieve its 10 percent exports growth target, Mai said. But the recall may not hurt Vietnam’s economic growth in the long-term, he added. “Samsung is a large firm having reputable technology. They can rebuild the trust of customers, so this will not affect much on the future of Samsung,” he said. “Samsung is still making many other products in Vietnam.” Reuters Tags: Exploding Batteries, Galaxy Note 7, jobs, Samsung, Samsung Electronics, Samsung Galaxy Note 7, Samsung Mobiles, Samsung Note 7, Samsung Vietnam Also read RIP Samsung Note 7: The Google Pixel is not your only phablet alternative Samsung Galaxy Note 7 fiasco: Response indicates challenges at the South Korean manufacturer X Recommended For You Another Samsung smartphone explodes, this time it’s the Galaxy S7 Smartphone shipments in India cross 30 million unit shipments milestone Samsung announces plans to buy Harman for $8 billion to boost in-car tech An Apple iPhone 7 Plus reportedly exploded in China after a 50 centimetre fall Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Hitachi Nov 16, 2016 Hitachi develops camera tech that can capture video images without using a lens #Facebook Nov 16, 2016 Fake news on Facebook: B.S. Detector is a new Chrome extension to identify stories without credibility #Fake News Nov 16, 2016 Facebook and Google fake news: The rise of echo chambers, and the need to shatter them #OnePlus 3T Nov 16, 2016 OnePlus 3 vs OnePlus 3T: All you need to know about the latest device upgrade #Mario Nov 16, 2016 Super Mario Run will be available on iOS from 15 December across 151 countries SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Should you fear your phone battery? CNET 13/10/2016 Sean Hollister © Provided by CNET Crushader/Reddit You've no doubt heard the news: Samsung has permanently stopped producing its Galaxy Note 7, after as many as five of the supposedly "safe" replacement phones were said to explode. Samsung and the US Consumer Product Safety Commission are advising that every single Note 7 owner power their phones down. (Owners can trade them in for different phones.) But here's the thing: no matter which phone you own -- Android, iPhone, even an old BlackBerry -- your phone likely includes a flammable lithium-ion battery, too. (The same goes for most tablets, laptops and many other portable devices.) If Note 7 batteries are melting down -- even if it's just a small handful -- is your phone next? Could you wake in the middle of the night to see your nightstand smoldering, or worse? The short answer: It's highly unlikely. Phone batteries aren't statistically likely to explode -- even the ones inside the original, pre-replacement Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phones. But it's not impossible.  Statistically rare (unless it happens to you) Last month, an unnamed Samsung official told Yonhap News that only 0.01 percent of all Note 7 handsets sold had the battery manufacturing defect. That's fewer than 1,000 out of the 1 million Note 7 phones involved in the initial recall. Of course, that math needs to be updated now that some replacement phones also caught fire. But if you exclude the admittedly problematic Note 7, only 1 in 10 million lithium-ion battery cells are likely to go bad, according to battery expert Brian M. Barnett, as quoted by Chemical & Engineering News in 2013. That's 0.00001 percent -- somewhere between being struck by lightning in the US in a given year (1 in 1,042,000) and winning a recent Powerball lottery jackpot (1 in 292 million). The video above is what happens when you puncture a phone's battery. Pretty infinitesimal odds. So why the concern? Because we're absolutely surrounded with these rechargeable lithium-ion batteries now. Power tools use them; some hearing aids and greeting cards do too. Your laptop, your tablet, your Bluetooth speaker and every smartphone you've ever owned likely used a lithium battery. Prior to the Note 7, when was the last time you heard about them exploding?  At CNET, we cover tech for a living, and we can tell you it does happen -- once in a blue moon. First, there are the near misses: Intel recalled the Basis Peak wearable in August due to overheating concerns. And back in 2015, Nvidia recalled nearly every Shield tablet because its battery was judged unsafe. But it's the thought of exploding phones, which have become such an key part of modern life, where anxiety really ramps up. "Nobody expects a battery to cause problems," says John Drengenburg, consumer safety director for Underwriters Laboratories (UL). "Clearly it's very rare, but when something like that does happen, it's quite impactful and high visibility," It's one thing when the phone's structural integrity is compromised. That's what happened when our Droid Turbo 2 burned after we deliberately tried to crack its "shatterproof" screen, as seen in the video above. (The screen mostly survived, even if the battery didn't.) Similarly, a Sydney, Australia, man suffered nasty burns after he fell off a bike and crushed his iPhone 6. But the bigger problem is when phones appear to spontaneously combust. The Note 7 may not be the only phone blowing up this October: here's a flaming iPhone from New Jersey and another one from California. Both were said to be the iPhone 6 Plus, first sold back in 2014. (CNET hasn't independently confirmed the details of either incident. Apple declined to comment.) "When you look at the hundreds of millions of phones, laptops, hoverboards, and other consumer products in the marketplace and compare it with the number of incidents and recalls, it can be said that lithium-ion fires are rare. But, they are serious incidents when they happen," Scott Wolfson, spokesman for the US Consumer Product Safety Commission, told CNET.  Car crashes and gas explosions So, should you ditch your smartphone and laptop, and go back to a landline, an old Nintendo Game Boy with AA batteries and a big ol' desktop PC? That's certainly one option. Of course, you might also want to stop driving (there's roughly a 1 in 10,000 chance of dying in a car crash every year). And I definitely hope you don't have a gas line in your home: they can, and occasionally do, explode. You get the point. Those are tragic occurrences that happen all too often. But like a phone battery fire, it's highly unlikely to happen to you. The exception to the rule Still, there's no point tempting fate where the Galaxy Note 7 is concerned. Not when the Note 7 may have the highest rate of battery failure of any consumer device recorded.  According to Battery University, the failure rate of the infamous exploding Sony laptop batteries was just 1 in 200,000. 5 parts per million. The giant Nokia battery recall (reportedly the largest in history) was based on a failure rate of less than 3 parts per million. Remember the unnamed Samsung official who said as many as 0.01 percent of the original Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phones had the defect? That's 100 parts per million. Or 1 in 10,000 -- the same likelihood as dying in a car accident in the US in any given year. If you're worried about any other phone, you're probably safe and sound. But if you're wielding a Samsung Galaxy Note 7, you should return it now. Go to MSN Home More in News Iraqis travel on UK taxpayers' money for proof against war veterans The Telegraph Assad says Trump could be 'natural ally' Sky News 'I went to every fish fry': Obama's veiled swipe at Clinton's campaign The Telegraph Merkel suggests she is willing to compromise on free movement The Telegraph Mayor 'quits' after outcry over racist comment on Michelle Obama Reuters Permanent memorials for Croydon tram crash victims Evening Standard Up Next Supreme court judge hints at legal hitch that could seriously delay Brexit The Guardian More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More from CNET Joseph Gordon-Levitt: The privacy debate is on CNET Porsche's Panamera 4 e-hybrid does 31 miles in silence CNET A look at Elon Musk's plan to move us to Mars CNET CNET View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition News Local News National News Community Cheers Your-Voice Lifestyle Inspiration Food Health Travel A & E Calendar Arts Events Music Opinion Advertise Rates Distribution About Us History Staff Contact Us Business Directory About Us Contact Us Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 44° Few Clouds Atlanta, GA (30312) Today Sunshine and clouds mixed. Areas of smoke and haze are possible, reducing visibility at times. High 69F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Areas of smoke and haze are possible, reducing visibility at times. Low 47F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 15, 2016 @ 6:52 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition News Local News National News Community Cheers Your-Voice Lifestyle Inspiration Food Health Travel A & E Calendar Arts Events Music Opinion Advertise Rates Distribution About Us History Staff Contact Us Business Directory Apple passes Coke as world's 'top brand' By Doug Gross CNN Sep 30, 2013 0 (CNN) -- Move over, Coke. It looks like Apple is the real thing. The tech giant has ended Coca-Cola's 13-year run as the world's most valuable brand on a highly regarded annual list. And the rivalry between Apple and Google has apparently been good to both. Bolstered by the dominance of its Android operating system, Google also leapfrogged Coke, moving into second place on Interbrand's yearly Best Global Brands list. They headed a tech-heavy list, on which IBM, Microsoft, Samsung and Intel helped round out the top 10. But Apple shone brightest, as much for its role as a cultural institution as for the products themselves. "Every so often, a company changes our lives, not just with its products, but with its ethos," Interbrand CEO Jez Frampton said in the report. "This is why, following Coca-Cola's 13-year run at the top of Best Global Brands, Interbrand has a new No. 1 -- Apple." Interbrand, which consults with companies about their public image, compiles its list based on financial performance of the company, the role the brand plays in influencing consumers, and how secure the brand's top money-making products are in their field. According to the report, Apple's brand is estimated to be worth $98.3 million, a 28% increase over 2012, when it was No. 2 on the list. Coca-Cola's value also rose, but by only 2%, to $79.2 million. Much of Apple's boost can probably be attributed to its growing presence in China, where iPhones and other Apple devices are increasingly popular. Apple and Google were just two of many tech companies among the list's fastest-rising brands. Facebook gained 43% to hit No. 52, making it the only social-media site on the list. Amazon jumped 27% to No. 19. Last year Google was fourth on the list. "Tech brands continue to dominate Interbrand's Best Global Brands report -- underscoring the fundamental and invaluable role they play in consumers' lives," the report reads. The report estimates that the list's tech companies have a combined value of more than $443 billion. Last year Apple eclipsed Microsoft to become the most valuable public company in history, although its stock has since dipped. This year, Apple was surpassed by Samsung in the total number of smartphones sold worldwide, and some in the tech community knocked the company for what they perceived as a lack of innovation compared to its competitors. But the newly released iPhone 5S sold a record 9 million units during its first weekend, far outdistancing the 5 million or so iPhone 5 handsets sold in the same amount of time last year. (It's worth noting, though, that China was part of the initial rollout of the 5S but wasn't for the 5.) Interbrand says its not worried about Apple on the innovation front. "(CEO) Tim Cook has assembled a solid leadership team and has kept Steve Jobs' vision intact -- a vision that has allowed Apple to deliver on its promise of innovation time and time again," Frampton said. The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2013 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles DIVIDED AMERICA: Yearning for unity, enduring divisiveness Has this election made America a more divided nation? Phillips Arena Slated For A $192 Mil Renovation Deal will keep Hawks in Atlanta until 2046 Spiritually Speaking:Has The World Gone Completely Crazy? Phillips Arena Slated For A $192 Mil Renovation Celebrities express dismay, hope at Donald Trump's victory Civil Rights leaders plead with Millennials to get out and vote Sharp differences between Clinton And Trump on education An affordable way to qualify for a home loan without that big down payment Stunned Mexico ponders new relationship with US Atlanta Receives $500,000 Donation from Live Nation for Music Midtown Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Stocks Sections News Community Arts & Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Online Features About Us Advertise Services Submission Forms Business Directory Calendar Search Weather Contact Information theatlantavoice.com 633 Pryor Street SW Atlanta, GA 30312 Phone: 404-524-6426 Email: info@theatlantavoice.com © Copyright 2016 theatlantavoice.com, 633 Pryor Street SW Atlanta, GA | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 13 October 2016 | MYT 12:20 PM Samsung Vietnam says no cuts in jobs or exports this year despite Note 7 woes Major player: Samsung is a major investor in Vietnam, a low-cost manufacturing centre for products that include its signature SMART televisions. — Reuters HANOI: Samsung Vietnam will maintain its current staff numbers and its exports target this year, the firm said on Oct 12, despite the parent company scrapping its flagship Galaxy Note 7 phone following a series of battery fires.  Samsung Electronics, which employs around 110,000 people in Vietnam, finally pulled the plug on the new Note 7 phone on Oct 11, less than two months after its launch, dealing a huge blow to the business as a result of unresolved safety concerns.  But Samsung Vietnam said it has no plan to lay off employees in 2016 as a result of the parent company's crisis and predicted the value of its exports would grow further from last year's US$32.7bil (RM137.78bil).  "The Note 7 incident may not bring about any significant impact on our exports in 2016; in fact this year's exports turnover is expected to increase," Samsung Vietnam said in a statement.  Samsung is a major investor in Vietnam, a low-cost manufacturing centre for products that include its signature SMART televisions.  Electronics has become a vital part of Vietnam's economy and a factory base for other brands like Microsoft, Intel, Canon Inc, LG and Sony Corp.  Le Dang Doanh, a renowned economist and former government advisor, said the Note 7 crisis would serve as a warning to the government to diversify its economy and to become less reliant on foreign investment, which accounts for around 70% of Vietnam's exports.  "This incident will affect negatively on Vietnam's labour, exports and state budget," he said.  "There is a lesson here that we should not rely too much on a single market and exports should not depend on a single product."  Crucial sector  Phones exports are significant to Vietnam's exports, with the value of 2015 shipments up by 27.8% at US$30.17bil (RM127.12bil), or 19% of the country's total exports, customs data show.  Its phone shipments in the first nine months of this year increased by an estimated 8.6% on the same period last year to US$24.96bil (RM105.17bil).  Samsung Electronics slashed its quarterly profit estimate by a third on Oct 12 after taking a US$2.3bil (RM9.68bil) hit from ditching the Note 7, which is made in Vietnam, South Korea and China.  But losses could spread to Vietnam where Samsung Electronics has several phone factories in the north with combined investments of about US$7.5bil (RM31.60bil).  Any fall in phone output would put further pressure on what is one of Asia's most resilient economies, as weakness in the mining and agriculture sectors hindered growth in the third quarter. Many economists and the government have predicted that Vietnam will miss its 6.7% growth target this year.  Analysts say a permanent end to Note 7 sales could cost Samsung up to US$17bil (RM71.63bil) and tarnish the brand for other phones in the minds of consumers and carriers, while Samsung Electronics' market value has lost by around US$20bil (RM84.27bil).  The value of exports from Samsung's factories in Thai Nguyen and Bac Ninh could rise to US$34.7bil (RM146.21bil) this year, or about a fifth of Vietnam's total exports, said Nguyen Mai, president of Vietnam's Association of Foreign Invested Enterprises.  Recalling the Note 7 could reduce Vietnam's exports by an estimated 0.5% to 1% this year, which will pose more challenges for the South-East Asian nation to achieve its 10% exports growth target, Mai said.  But the recall may not hurt Vietnam's economic growth in the long-term, he added.  "Samsung is a large firm having reputable technology. They can rebuild the trust of customers, so this will not affect much on the future of Samsung," he said.  "Samsung is still making many other products in Vietnam." — Reuters Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Corporate News , Economy , Analyst Reports , Technology You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Two French snorkellers die on same Great Barrier Reef tour Tourists now prefer lodgings with Airbnb flavour, hoteliers told MRT fare starts at RM1 advertisement Latest News Photo Kit: Taking better photos of your pets (and kids) Make perfect copies of old photos with PhotoScan Taliworks net profit jumps 80% SME contribution to GDP to grow 5%-5.5% this year US trade panel eyes Qualcomm patent complaint against Chinese firms Most Viewed in Tech Make perfect copies of old photos with PhotoScan GE acquires two artificial intelligence startups Best smartphones for the holidays Photo Kit: Taking better photos of your pets (and kids) Singapore to launch blockchain project for interbank payments Google commits to post-Brexit UK with major London investment US trade panel eyes Qualcomm patent complaint against Chinese firms Warning! Traces of grime on your phone reveal your life story Sex hook-up websites' login credentials hacked Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Login _ Welcome to TechSpot Why should I register? Sign up for a new account or log in here: Forgot your password? Couldn't sign you in, please try again. Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware HP refreshes convertible, laptop, AIO and display lines for the holidays By Shawn Knight on Oct 12, 2016, 1:00 PM TechSpot Global PC shipments may be on the decline but it’s not for a lack of trying. HP, for example, has just updated several of its product lines in time for the holiday buying season. Here’s everything you need to know. Kicking things off is the second-generation of HP’s popular convertible, the Spectre x360. The updated machine is 13 percent thinner at 13.8mm, 11 percent lighter at 2.85 pounds and looks as good as ever with its near bezel-less 13.3-inch IPS full HD display and brushed aluminum chassis. The convertible is powered by Intel’s seventh-generation Core processors and features Bang & Olufsen audio from four speakers. Other amenities include two USB Type-C ports with Thunderbolt 3 as well as a USB Type-A port and a 57.8 watt-hour battery that HP claims is good for up to 15 hours of runtime. HP’s new Envy 13 laptop, meanwhile, also packs a 13.3-inch display and your choice of seventh-generation Intel Core i5 or i7 processor along with up to 16GB of RAM up to a 1TB solid state drive. Unlike the Spectre x360, the new Envy 13 is slightly thicker and heavier at 14mm and 3.15 pounds, respectively, but it does include a larger battery that’s good for an additional four hours of use, up to 14 hours total, HP says. Using HP’s Fast Charge technology, the laptop can receive a 90 percent charge in 90 minutes. If you’re short on real estate or simply prefer a compact solution, HP’s Envy All-in-One 27 may fit the bill. Unlike most AIOs that bundle the hardware into the display, the Envy AIO 27 crams the guts into its base which also doubles as a soundbar with four speakers tuned by Bang & Olufsen. This approach will also give the system more stability meaning it’s less likely to tip over if you’ve got kids or pets around. It also reduces the thickness of the display by 44 percent, down to just 15mm. Speaking of, the 27-inch panel checks in at 2,560 x 1,440, the ideal resolution for that size in my opinion. The Envy AIO 27 can be configured with either a sixth-generation or seventh-generation Intel Core i5 or i7 processor, up to an Nvidia GTX 950M discrete graphics card and up to a 256GB SSD and 2TB HDD. Last but certainly not least is the HP Envy 27 Display. While it’s styled after the aforementioned Envy AIO 27, its resolution has been bumped up to 4K. Having recently spent some time with a 32-inch, 4K display, I can say with a good bit of confidence that 27 inches is too small for a 4K display running natively. Sure, you can mess with scaling but that sort of defeats the purpose of owning a high-resolution monitor. As for pricing and availability, the Spectre x360 starts at $1,049.99 and is available as of writing. The new HP Envy 13 laptop is scheduled to arrive on October 26 from $849.99 while the Envy AIO 27 can be yours sometime this month starting at $1,299.99. If it’s the Envy 27 Display you want, be prepared to part with $499.99 come December 4. Related Reads HP Sprout is an AIO Windows 8 PC with integrated 3D scanner and projector HP's new Envy AIO packs a massive 34-inch curved screen Cooler Master unveils the MasterLiquid Maker 92, a compact AIO liquid cooler 1 comment 56 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Kaby Lake desktop lineup may include an overclockable Core i3 EVGA patch prevents GeForce 10-series cards from going up in flames Intel leaks desktop Kaby Lake processor and chipset details Popular 57 comments CEO loses his job after posting that he will kill Donald Trump 24 comments The Best Smartphones: Google nails it QNAP TS-853A Review: NAS does QTS + Linux combo The Best Laptops: Ultraportables, Workstations & Gaming 64 comments China says it will cut iPhone sales if Trump follows through on his trade war promise Load Comments 1 ... User Comments: 1 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 8 Rebuilding a PC 14 I am going to build my next super PC Please tell me your thoughts 10 Budget gaming build 17 Removing "line in" echo from Realtek HD Audio output (if it is not a sound effect) 110 Which is your favorite PC component manufacturer? Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Home Weather 47° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Weather Alert 7 weather alerts Close Portland developers create 'smart' wine caps Caps connect with app Nina Mehlhaf, KGW 7:07 PM. PDT October 12, 2016 (Photo: Picasa) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST PORTLAND, Ore. -- A new kind of tracking device for wine is being developed in Portland. Portland product innovation company Uncorked Studios has developed an app called Sommely that makes your wine collection smarter. Imagine going to your tablet and telling it you're having spaghetti for dinner, and you'd like to pick out a medium-priced bottle of Italian red wine from your collection. Sommely's "smart" wine bottle caps will start blinking to show you which ones fit that criteria. "Sommely allows you the ability to put that story on a cap," said lead developer Marcelino Alvarez. Sommely's early prototypes were done on a 3D printer. Inside the cap is an Intel processing chip, bluetooth and an LED light. One battery charge will last years. "You put the cap on top, press the button, the app says 'Hey is this a new wine you purchased?' Scan the label, and it imports the information and you can add notes, like 'this is for a special occasion' or how much you paid for it, explained tech developer Lee Learner of Uncorked Studios. When you touch the bottle on the Sommely app, the corresponding smart cap lights up on the shelf so you can find it. The caps sync with an app.   "The beauty of Sommely is it does stay updated with time," Alvarez said. "So if something goes up in value and you have 12 of them and it's starting to peak, it'll notify you of 'Hey you should start drinking this.'" Of course, this isn't for the casual wine buyer. Sommely's team says their customer is the wine nerd, not quite a collector. "While we want the geeks to get into the tech and enjoy that aspect of it, we want it to be something our parents can use and can plug and go," Alvarez said. Even restaurants want in, when it goes to market in about 18 months. Jeff Brown is general manager of food and beverage at downtown Portland's Urban Farmer and Departure, and also an advisor on Sommely. "I feel it's my job as a restauranteur to show you where food comes from and then I'm doing my part," Brown said. There are still some logistics to work out, but Sommely was already a hit at Intel's Developer Forum last month in San Francisco. It will come in a kit with a certain amount of smart caps, and a monthly subscription to the wine database and app. KGW Why America is drunk on canned wine CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Arrested protesters appear in court Voting record of arrested protesters Clackamas County deputy shot during traffic stop Professor talks about protest mentality Dave Chappelle mocks Portland riots Woman claims racist attack in Hillsboro KGW.com Live Feed Burglary Investigation: Part 2 KGW Sunrise forecast: 11-15-16 West Linn students take stand against racism More Stories What we know: Social media rumors skew reporting of… Nov 15, 2016, 8:21 p.m. Mayor-elect Wheeler vows to keep Portland a sanctuary city Nov 15, 2016, 11:21 p.m. Arrests made in 'Deadliest Catch' star beating Nov 15, 2016, 6:53 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Closings Weather Alerts Radars Live Cameras hyperlocal-radars More... Weather Blog Ski Reports Earthquakes Oregon River Levels Health Detail Location Search Local It's Portland KGW Investigates Business Crime Consumer Politics More... News Links Technology Live at 7 More Roseburg School Shootings Blogs Community Calendar Breaking Newsletters National Politics Vancouver News Clackamas County Willamette Valley Marion County North Coast News Eastern Oregon News Washington County Central Coast News Southern Oregon News Gresham News Central Oregon Western Washington Black Friday Community News Education Headlines On Demand Papal Visit Special Reports Oregon News Robotics Shred Redirect Homeless Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Nation Now Traffic Alerts Cameras Gas Prices @KGWTraffic Maps TripCheck More... PDX Flight Updates Sports Olympics Blazers Timbers Mariners Ducks Beavers More... High School Sports Super Bowl More Vikings Winterhawks Seahawks Thorns NCAA Basketball Tournament Sports Sunday World Cup Features Entertainment Health Straight Talk Grants Getaways Drew Carney Portland Today More... Travel Cassidy Quinn Contests Magnify Money Gold Buyers More KGW Archive ACM Awards Actively Northwest Animals Crossword Cup of Joe Going Green Holidays Greater Portland Today Live @ 7 Mad About Movies Making a Difference Oscars Pets of the Day Rachel's Challenge Shot of the Day redirect-contests Trending Today Redirect - Stepping Up Sunrise /getahead Santa Tracker TD Jakes Station Break Growth About Meet The Team Jobs Contact TV Listings Advertise with Us Closed Captioning More... Viewer Technical FAQs Quick Links jobs redirect Newslinks Community Calendar NBC Shows Contests Justice Network RSS Connect With Us E-mail Newsletters FAQ Terms Privacy Ad Choices FCC Public Inspection File Community Rules Conversation Guidelines Roku Cobrand Header Whats On NBC Cobrand Footer Survey © 2016 KGW-TV Services Advertise With Us KGW Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
null
TechRadar pro IT insights for business Search RSS News Reviews Insights TechRadar Business Laptop/PC Printers Hardware Software Mobile working Security Networks Management Data centre & Cloud Reviews HP Chromebook 13 review HP Chromebook 13 review By Kevin Lee Laptops and netbooks  The luxury Chromebook you want (but don't need) Shares 1. Introduction and design 2. Specifications, performance and features 3. Verdict Jump to Section: Best Price Comments Our Verdict The HP Chromebook 13 is the finest and thinnest Chrome OS machine yet, however the lack of a touchscreen and average battery life prevent it from being the best. For Ultra-thin and sharp design Tactile keyboard High-resolution display is a beauty Against Lacks touchscreen QHD+ display hikes price and lowers battery life Chromebooks have come a long way since their budget-priced beginnings. In the last few years, we've seen devices push boundaries for this class of laptop with Full HD displays, faster processors and better build quality. Now, HP is going one step farther to introduce its take on the Chromebook 13, an arguably luxury device. From top to bottom, this is a high-brow, 13-inch clamshell designed to be the thinnest in its class. What's more, HP is pushing it as the first Chromebook with a high-resolution, QHD+ screen and an Intel Core M processor. However, with a starting price of $499 or £638 (about AU$670) for a Pentium-powered model, the HP Chromebook 13 is a bit too luxurious for its own good. Design The HP Chromebook 13 pulls off being the thinnest device of its kind yet in style, with a brushed aluminum panels covering the screen lid and keyboard deck. Measuring in at a scant 0.5 inches thick, it's even slicker than the 0.7-inch Samsung Chromebook 3 and 0.6-inch Chromebook Pixel 2. Beyond measurements, HP has designed a stylish, cloud-powered notebook that pulls from its own and Google's best designs. The austere, silver and gray aesthetic ties back to the Chromebook Pixel. Meanwhile, at the laptop's rear, you'll find a mirrored hinge similar to the HP EliteBook Folio. Though, this time around, the mechanism is limited to only tilting back 135-degrees rather pulling off an 180-degree split. Of course, that's not to say this 13-inch Chromebook doesn't establish an identity of its own. The slight off-angle front edge and sharp corners affords it a futuristic slant. HP also pays close attention to little details, like making the Chrome logo monochromatic and the HP logo chrome (teehee) to keep in line with the unit's silvered exterior. Another neat element is that the lefthand edge droops down – HP calls this its 'chin design' – to accommodate a full-sized USB 3.0 port. We wished HP would have done the same thing on the right side, so it would come with a full-sized SD card reader rather than a slot large enough for only a microSD card. As if looks weren't enough to captivate us, the HP Chromebook 13 also comes with one of the crispest typing experiences we've had on a laptop. Key travel isn't especially deep, but stiff switches and the thinness of the notebook combine into a satisfying thump when you bottom out the keys – so yes, we love thumping the keyboard. Likewise, the trackpad feels delightfully tight without making clicking too hard. However, we wish HP would have moved the touchpad over a few millimeters over to the left, so it would line up with the center of the keyboard rather than being planted in the middle. Beyond high-resolution The HP Chromebook 13 comes with the sharpest screen ever put on a Chromebook, with a stunning resolution of 3,200 x 1,800 pixels. The QHD+ panel easily tops everyone else, including the Acer Chromebook 14 for Work and Chromebook Pixel – both of which come with 2,560 x 1,700 touchscreen displays. While the 3,200 x 1,800 screen looks fantastic, this signature feature is the only available screen option for the Chromebook 13. We wish there were also a Full HD screen panel. It might not have the same pizzazz as 3,200 x 1,800 pixels, but it would help lower the entry price and prolong battery life as well. That said, the QHD+ display has some undeniable benefits as it brings out the full beauty of full-resolution images and video while smoothing out text. Vibrant colors and deep contrast are also well represented, and HP has created a display finish that's just glossy enough to accentuate picture quality without reflecting a ton of glare. Unfortunately, there's no option for a touchscreen, which is becoming all too crucial as Android apps are integrated into Chrome OS. Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 The best Amazon Black Friday deals 2016 2 How to photograph the moon: an easy way to shoot moon pictures full of detail 3 iOS 10 problems: Here's how to fix the most common issues 4 The 10 best 4K TVs of 2016 5 15 best laptops you can buy in 2016 1 This big Google Photos update gives new life to your pictures 2 Super Mario Run release date set for December 15 on iPhone and iPad 3 Samsung Galaxy S8 to take on iPhone with its own 'force touch' screen 4 New leak gives us our best idea yet of the Nintendo Switch's price 5 5 photo accessories you should get this Black Friday TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Laptops HP outs updated Spectre x360, Envy 13 with bigger batteries Laptops HP outs updated Spectre x360, Envy 13 with bigger batteries By Bertila Helena - HP has announced a refreshed lineup of products for the 2016 holiday season covering premium laptops and desktops like the Spectre x360 and Envy 13. The new devices are more or less revamped versions of existing offerings, with the brand focusing on making them slimmer and longer-lasting than before. The new-and-improved Spectre x360 has been stuffed with specs like Intel’s latest 7th Gen processors and a larger 57.8W battery. This in turn has allowed HP to make the laptop last for 15 hours at a stretch, a 25% improvement over the previous model. The brand also claims that the notebook can be charged to 90% capacity in 90 minutes. In terms of style, HP’s made the device thinner than its predecessor at 13.8mm and lighter at 2.85lbs only. The company’s further equipped it with a brand new micro-edge display design to narrow down the bezels by 10mm on both sides of the panel. In good news for audiophiles, the laptop now has 4 speakers instead of just 2. Moving on to the Envy 13, HP promises 4 more hours of battery life, translating to a total of 14 hours. However, the manufacturer had to add a larger battery to bring this about, meaning the offering is a tad thicker and heavier than its previous variant at 14mm and 3.15lbs, respectively. Other changes include 7th Gen Intel CPUs, an elevated hinge design for more comfortable typing, and an extra-wide touchpad. Finally, HP has released a new Envy AIO 27 and Envy 27 Display. The brand’s moved the computing power of the former to its base in order to cut down on the screen’s thickness by 44%. As for the latter, it’s 27-inch panel outputs 4K visuals free from image tears and stutters thanks to AMD FreeSync support. Also Read: HP’s new Sure View screen can stop people from spying over your shoulder The HP Spectre x360, Envy 13, Envy AIO 27, and Envy 27 Display are priced at $1,049.99, $849.99, $1,299.99, and $499.9, respectively. The first 3 will be available via the brand’s website and select retailers in October. The last is set to go up for sale on December 4. TAGS HP Envy 13 HP Envy 27 Display HP Envy AIO 27 HP Spectre x360 Price specs SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleHuawei Honor 8 arrives in India with dual cameras in tow Next articleHuawei unveils Honor 8 Smart, Honor Holly 3 in India Bertila Helena RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Microsoft confirms Office apps for Android will get Chrome OS support Microsoft’s offering $650 off if you trade your MacBook for a Surface Razer’s VR-ready Blade Pro packs a mechanical keyboard, Nvidia GTX 1080 246,405FansLike 13,739FollowersFollow 12,913SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More OnePlus 3T goes official with Snapdragon 821 SoC, 3400mAh battery Bindu Nair - Nov 16, 2016 0 Apple to launch SOS button for iPhone in India Bindu Nair - Nov 15, 2016 0 WhatsApp video calling goes official for Android, iOS, Windows Bindu Nair - Nov 15, 2016 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
TechRadar pro IT insights for business Search RSS News Reviews Insights TechRadar Business Laptop/PC Printers Hardware Software Mobile working Security Networks Management Data centre & Cloud Reviews MacBook review MacBook review By Kane Fulton Laptops and netbooks  Apple's rosier MacBook brings nippier performance Shares 1. Introduction 2. Specifications and features 3. Performance and benchmarks 4. Verdict Recommended Jump to Section: Best Price Comments Our Verdict Apple has given the MacBook's performance a much-needed boost, and it helps OS X zip along much better. Its critical flaws remain, but the 2016 version is less of a risk than it was last year. We just wish it was a bit cheaper. For Gorgeous Rose Gold color Improved performance Terrific design Great speakers Against Single USB-C port No price cut? Controversial keyboard Did you buy the 12-inch MacBook? I did, but not because I wanted one. No: the laptop I really wanted was a new MacBook Air, or even a redesigned 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro with a sleeker chassis. Of course, neither came. And like many other Air fans, I realised that another year was to pass by without Apple's best laptop getting an upgrade. So I bought the next best thing. The MacBook is all about compromise. With more pixels than the Air, its display allows me to be more productive on the move and slinging it into a backpack almost feels like cheating. While no powerhouse (editing 4K images on it is slightly painful), it handles basic tasks with ease. One year later, Apple has refreshed the MacBook with Intel's sixth-generation Skylake processors while introducing faster storage, memory and graphics for the same price. The most interesting change is on the outside: a new Rose Gold finish that genuinely makes me consider owning a shiny pink laptop for the first time. Gender stereotypes be damned. But despite its upgrades, the new MacBook is not the MacBook Air replacement that rumors once again predict will arrive this summer - it's the same unique, dazzling and challenging laptop as the one that launched one year ago. Only faster, and with longer-lasting battery life. A new processor, coupled with faster internal storage, memory and graphics has brought tangible improvements to the MacBook's performance. You'll still have to somehow manage with a single USB-C port, bolting on adapters and connectors to equip your FrankenMac with vital extra limbs. And if you didn't get on with its super-shallow keyboard, your fingers will remain as unconvinced as they were before - especially during long typing sessions. The MacBook brings more megahertz, and I'm not talking about clock speed. Recent developments Since Apple introduced the Rose Gold-tinted MacBook earlier this year, macOS 10.12 Sierra has shaken the featherlight laptop to its core. Featured as an automatic download, the operating system introduces Siri to Mac for the first time ever as well as Auto Unlock, which allows users to log in using a tethered Apple Watch.  See how the MacBook compares to Microsoft's Surface Book Moreover, rumors of a MacBook 2017 have already begun to circulate. Several patents have suggested, for instance, there may be a future MacBook refresh featuring mobile LTE connectivity. That being said, many patents don’t see the light of day beyond initial filing. Meanwhile, the latest round of MacBook Pros has made this fantasy of fingerprint authentication a reality, thanks to the onboard Touch Bar in certain models. And, as Jony Ive has promptly declared, these are only the first steps in Apple's new direction. Big money Mac Some people expected Apple to discount its refreshed MacBook to sweeten the deal. It didn't. The entry-level model still costs £1,049 ($1,299 or AUS$1,999), around $50/$73/AUS$99 more than the 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro. If the cost remains too high for you, then consider picking up last year's version from Apple's refurb store. While the 2016 refresh is technically the better machine, you wouldn't be able to tell the difference between the two when undertaking low-level tasks such as surfing the web or typing up documents in Pages. At the time of writing, the entry-level version is on there for £749 (around $1,108 or AUS$1,457) alongside eight other models of varying specs and price. First reviewed: April 2015 Gabe Carey has also contributed to this review ABOUT THE AUTHOR Kane Fulton Kane has been fascinated by the endless possibilities of computers since first getting his hands on an Amiga 500+ back in 1991. These days he mostly lives in realm of VR, where he's working his way into the world Paddleball rankings in Rec Room. Tags MacBook Pro MacBook Air Asus Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 The best Amazon Black Friday deals 2016 2 How to photograph the moon: an easy way to shoot moon pictures full of detail 3 iOS 10 problems: Here's how to fix the most common issues 4 The 10 best 4K TVs of 2016 5 15 best laptops you can buy in 2016 1 This big Google Photos update gives new life to your pictures 2 Super Mario Run release date set for December 15 on iPhone and iPad 3 Samsung Galaxy S8 to take on iPhone with its own 'force touch' screen 4 New leak gives us our best idea yet of the Nintendo Switch's price 5 5 photo accessories you should get this Black Friday TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Nikkei ▲ 17862.21 1.10%   Hang Seng ▲ 22421.79 0.44%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -11/32 yield 2.261%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.86 0.11%   Yen ▲ 109.42 0.20%   DJIA ▲ 18923.06 0.29%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In House Democrats Pressure Pelosi Amid Party Turmoil Donald Trump’s Transition Team Reshaped China Discovers the Price of Global Power: Soldiers Returning in Caskets Snapchat Files for $25 Billion IPO Fake Content Pressures Facebook, Google Walgreens Claims Theranos Voided 11.3% of Test Reports Wal-Mart Fights Employee Chat App Ahead of the Tape Donald Trump: The Housing Market’s Latest Threat Currency Swap Pinches India’s Cash Economy College Football Is a Convoluted Mess—Again Supersonic Passenger Jet Edges Closer to Reality Work & Family Bad Job Interview? Ask for a Do-Over The A-Hed Leaks and Mold Are Ruining the Disney Magic in Celebration, Florida Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print In Depth The Great Unraveling America’s Dazzling Tech Boom Has a Downside: Not Enough Jobs The discontent driving Donald Trump’s campaign stems partly from the dashed employment promises of the late 1990s; $7-an-hour robots By Jon Hilsenrath and Jon Hilsenrath The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyJon Hilsenrath Jon.Hilsenrath@wsj.com Bob Davis Bob Davis The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyBob Davis @bobdavis187 Bob.Davis@wsj.com Updated Oct. 12, 2016 11:14 a.m. ET The technology revolution has delivered Google searches, Facebook friends, iPhone apps, Twitter rants and shopping for almost anything on Amazon, all in the past decade and a half. What it hasn’t delivered are many jobs. Google’s Alphabet Inc. and Facebook Inc. had at the end of last year a total of 74,505 employees, about one-third fewer than Microsoft Corp. even though their combined stock-market value is twice as big.... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds How Trump Won the Presidency Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Most Popular Articles Donald Trump’s Transition Team Reshaped Yuan Slides to Lowest Level in Nearly Eight Years Opinion: A Clinton-Free Democratic Party House Democrats Pressure Pelosi Amid Party Turmoil Opinion: The ‘Excellent’ Electoral College Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards HP refreshes Spectre x360, Envy 13, Envy AIO, and Envy Display with design updates and more Elyse Betters12 October 2016Laptops HP Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment HP has updated its premium Spectre and Envy consumer laptops, as well as the Envy all-in-one and Envy Display. The company announced that Spectre x360 and Envy 13 have been given larger batteries and refreshed designs, with the x360 receiving a smaller footprint and an edge-to-edge display. HP also gave its Envy all-in-one PC a design update and Intel’s newest processors. HP HP Spectre x360 still offers a display that can rotate, but that display now comes with an edge-to-edge panel. The new model is 11.8mm slimmer than before, offers a quad speaker array, can last for up to 15 hours between charges, and has the ability to recharge its battery up to 90 per cent in 90 minutes. You can get it with a seventh-generation Core i5 or Core i7 processor, up to 16GB of RAM, and up to a 1TB SSD. HP The new Envy 13 is made of aluminium and magnesium and can be configured with a full HD or quad HD display (there's a touchscreen option, too). HP gave it a 28-per cent larger battery for 14 hours of life. It's not as small as the x360, nor is it as pricey, but it can charge up to 90 per cent in 90 minutes. You can also get it with a seventh-generation Core i5 or i7 processor, up to 16GB of RAM, and 1TB of storage. HP As for HP’s new Envy all-in-one, it has a 27-inch quad-HD IPS touchscreen, with a 4K option is coming soon. You'll find a 9.5mm bezel, a pedestal design, Intel’s latest Core i5 or i7 processors, and an optional Nvidia GTX950M graphics card. HP is also updating its Envy Display. It's now a 27-inch 4K monitor with an IPS panel (178-degree viewing angles and 99 percent sRGB color gamut). It comes with plenty of ports, too. HP The new HP Spectre x360 will be available sometime in October starting at $1,159, while the new Envy 13 will cost $849 and the Envy all-in-one will start at $1,249 when they launch this month. HP also said the Envy Display will launch in December for $499. There's no word yet on UK pricing and availability.  Sections HP Laptops Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Five great deals in the GearBest 11.11 sale Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile... Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook... Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile device Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook Pro Lenovo Yoga Book review: A keyless laptop from the future... that's stuck in the past Dell made its own Surface Studio-like PC with dual screens and a Dial Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy now Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Thunderbolt 3 explained: The one port to rule them all Windows 10 Creators Update: 6 new features Microsoft didn't announce Microsoft Surface Book vs Apple MacBook Pro (2016): What's the difference? When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3 vs OnePlus 2: What’s the difference? OnePlus 3T: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Google Wi-Fi now available to buy: How does the mesh router work? Google Play Music gets smarter and much better looking Google PhotoScan: Here's how it turns print photos into digital photos OnePlus 3T launch event: What happened and can you still watch it? OnePlus 3T is official, complete with beefier battery and processor Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing Your next car may be the most powerful computer you own Your next car may be the most powerful computer you own By David Cardinal on October 5, 2016 at 10:00 am Comment Mobile computing originally meant laptops, then smartphones. Increasingly, though, new cars are powerful computing platforms — and starting to pack more compute power than laptops and even desktops. That trend is set to explode with the introduction of more-extensive automated safety features and self-driving options. Stuffed with CPUs, GPUs, cameras, sensors, and networking hardware, cars are driving the state of the art in many technologies. In particular, the growing use of cameras, and AI-inspired software to analyze their captured video in real time are driving an explosion in compute power found in cars. Beyond the backup Camera: Bird’s eye-view and more Most of us are familiar with the soon-to-be-mandatory backup cameras that provide an invaluable aid for getting in and out of parking spaces and driveways. But high-end vehicles now feature quite a few more cameras, in front to scout traffic and detect lane lines, on the sides to help them avoid other vehicles, and all-around to provide a very cool “bird’s-eye” view of the car and its surroundings. While the sensors in these cameras are typically fairly standard, the systems require a lot of innovation in image processing to make them effective. For example, Infiniti’s bird’s-eye, 360-degree, simulated view stitches together images from four ultra-wide-angle cameras (on the side mirrors, grille, and license holder) and then corrects the substantial distortion to provide a more-or-less natural-looking view of the car from above. This makes it much easier to park accurately and to maneuver in tight spaces, as you can see in this promotional video: Even the now commonplace backup cameras are getting upgraded, thanks to the availability of more computing power and an assist from machine learning software. Many of the image processors coupled to these cameras are now augmented with object recognition to help prevent collisions with pedestrians, and some are integrated with rear cross-traffic sensors as well. Silicon vendors have been racing to outdo each other with auto-specific application processors and architectures — easily visible by attending an Embedded Vision Alliance event. Mobileye, the leading provider of both after-market and OEM camera-based vehicle safety systems, has both a custom vision processing chip, the SeeQ2, and board, the EyeQ2, inside its 500-series add-on vehicle safety cameras. Interestingly, the system’s image sensor is only VGA resolution, but it features very-high dynamic range, to allow for operation in tricky lighting conditions. In parallel, Intel has just snapped up vision chip startup Movidius, with automotive expected to be a key market for its high-performance, low-power, Myriad family of chips. Xilinx wants to provide the silicon to be the eyes, ears, and much of the brain of your future car The after-market Mobileye systems only serve to warn the driver, and aim to provide at least two seconds of advance notice of a potential accident. Cameras tied into automated safety systems have the additional need to accurately estimate object distances in addition to their position and motion, since they directly control braking and possibly other car functions. This is often accomplished by aligning the images from multiple cameras and using software to compute the depth of objects based on the disparity of where they appear in each camera’s image. However, that approach is far from foolproof. Most of the time there is at least one additional radar or lidar that has its data fused in real time with the vision data to achieve better results in a wider-variety of conditions. Cameras for style and fun In the future, cameras may take on even more roles. For example, Tesla and other auto manufacturers have proposed that the requirement for side-view mirrors be relaxed to allow low-profile cameras to do the job. Coupled with an internal monitor, the result would be a more aerodynamic profile for the car, especially helpful for range-hungry electric vehicles. Also, look for dash cams to become more common as a factory-installed option instead of only as a consumer add-on. In the meantime, user-installed dash cams don’t have to be just about safety and recording accidents. Waylens’s new Horizon dash cam will couple with an OBD2 connector to provide you with action-cam-like footage of your adventures overlaid with car performance data. Radar and lidar used to augment machine vision While cameras are currently the only way to perform certain important functions like tracking lane lines, for other tasks like collision avoidance, they aren’t always the best solution. They can be fooled by some high-contrast scenes (which may be what happened in the now infamous Florida Tesla crash), can’t always estimate the distance to other vehicles or objects accurately, and don’t do well in poor weather. For that reason, almost all autonomous vehicle projects also feature one or more non-visual ways to “see” objects in the world around them — typically either radar or lidar. Tesla has just shifted its primary sensing system from its Mobileye-designed cameras to its in-vehicle radar, after a heavy investment in advanced signal processing to help keep the radar from getting confused by metallic objects and other edge cases. Many current “self-driving” car projects, including Google’s, rely on lidar, which is harder to fool, but so far is still larger and more expensive than radar or cameras. Velodyne, the leading maker of automotive lidar, expects prices to continue to fall, though. So expect to see at least some use of radar, and eventually lidar, in nearly every new car in a few years. An exception to the typical use of radar or lidar for autonomous vehicles is Nvidia’s DAVE2, which essentially taught itself to drive using a neural network trained in the cloud using only camera data from real cars, and accompanying time-synced steering data. While its goals, so far at least, are much more limited, and research-oriented, than those of the car companies, it’s impressive that it’s able to drive correctly on a variety of roads after just a few months of learning, and using only vision input. A supercomputer in your trunk Whether an augmented car only uses cameras, or fuses their output with other sensors, a tremendous amount of data is collected, that needs to be analyzed and acted on in real time. In addition, vehicle telematics, GPS, and map data all need to be integrated for any truly autonomous car. All that data requires quite a bit of horsepower to process. While the main training of the AI systems used for self-driving can be done in the cloud on massive computing clusters, the car itself needs to both run the resulting neural network (or other resulting algorithm) in real time, and also adapt to changing conditions, possibly incorporating new training data that is cloud-sourced from other drivers. Almost every autonomous vehicle project now includes some type of support for learning from all of its vehicles as they drive and gather performance and map data — like the one Nvidia and TomTom just announced. The low-end CPU that controls your engine, or your entertainment system, isn’t up to the task of automatically navigating your car through traffic. The result has been innovation in what are essentially portable supercomputers. Nvidia’s Drive PX 2 is showing up at the high-end in fully-autonomous test vehicles (others like the Google cars have several traditional computers crammed into their trunks). Nvidia has now released a compact, low-power, version of Drive for basic automated safety functions, while its larger siblings are designed for more-complex autonomous applications. When most of us think of computing in our car, we think about the infotainment system — which in itself has become quite a technology hotbed. But increasingly, the real computer power in your car will be used for the AI-assisted, vision and spatial sensing systems that help you to drive, or help the car to drive you. Just like the once-far-fetched idea of using your car battery to power your house has become a possibility with Tesla’s battery systems, it may be that at some point you’ll be running your high-end games on your car’s GPU while it sits in the garage, and streaming them to your TV. We’re doing a special Rolling Update series this week on emerging car tech; stay tuned for more in-depth coverage as the week goes on. [Image credits: Volkswagen, Nvidia, Computer History Museum] Tagged In intel ai Self-Driving Cars machine learning neural networks lidar radar Movidius Mobileye rolling update car tech week Autocruise autonomous vehicle Google Chauffeur Myriad Nvidia Drive PX2 Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles ET deals roundup: Save on 4K UHDTVs, laptops, and Swiss Gear before Black Friday Nov 15 Apple’s new $300 coffee table book contains 450 product photos, little else Nov 15 Can artificial intelligence solve America’s crisis of democracy? Nov 15 IBM, Nvidia release new PowerAI software suite for deep learning projects Nov 15 Electric cars and hybrids will soon have to announce their presence Nov 15 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement AdChoices Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Share 3 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-15 Michael J. Fox Played Guitar With Dave Matthews Band: Rock On, McFly Entertainment 2016-11-15 Jana Duggar Takes Backseat At Jinger And Jeremy Vuolo Wedding As Jill Dillard, Jessa Seewald, Joy Anna And Family Dominate ‘Counting On’ News Entertainment 2016-11-15 One Direction News: Niall Horan And Zayn Malik’s AMAs Reunion, Liam Payne Baby Rumors Continue Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-16 Utah High School Stabbing: 16-Year-Old ‘Straight-A Student’ Viciously Stabs Five Classmates, Self In Locker Room [Video] Opinion 2016-11-16 Steve Bannon: A Dangerous Political Operative Gets Pass Into The White House [Opinion] News 2016-11-15 Detroit Family Blames EMS Slow Response After 11-Year-Old Girl Dies From An Asthma Attack News 2016-11-15 Denver Cannabis Law To Make Marijuana Use Legal In Public Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-15 Chocolate Bars That Relieve Period Cramps? Yes, Please! Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-16 Play ‘The Elder Scrolls Online’ For Free This Weekend On PlayStation 4 And PC, Xbox One Free Weekend Coming Soon Gaming 2016-11-15 ‘Conan Exiles’ Impresses With 360 Degree Screenshots, On Track For January Early Access Gaming 2016-11-15 Sombra Boops Into ‘Overwatch,’ New Hero, Map, And Arcade Mode Now Live Technology 2016-11-15 2016 MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Gets Mixed Reviews: Is The New Microsoft Surface Book Better? BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-15 Google To Penalize Fake News Sites That Peddle Misinformation Using Facebook: After 2016 Election Search Engine To Cut Off Ad Network Support To Shady Sites BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss New 13.3″ HP Spectre x360 Gives MacBook, MacBook Pro, And Dell XPS 13 Huge Competition Technology 3 0 0 October 12, 2016 New 13.3″ HP Spectre x360 Gives MacBook, MacBook Pro, And Dell XPS 13 Huge Competition Daryl Deino HP is really stepping up in the laptop department with their redesigned Spectre x360. The Verge has the news. “The new Spectre x360 maintains the outgoing version’s ability to rotate the display behind the keyboard, but it has a narrower design thanks to its edge-to-edge display. The new model is a full 11.8mm narrower than before and now has a quad speaker array.” HP updates its Spectre x360 with an edge-to-edge screen and bigger battery https://t.co/ztzcKxvgV7 pic.twitter.com/2JqHK0GHi1 — The Verge (@verge) October 12, 2016 The article adds that HP says the Spectre x360 can now last for up to 15 hours between charges (a 25 percent improvement) thanks to its larger battery and improved efficiencies throughout the system. It will also be housed with Intel’s new Kaby Lake processor. However, many of the commenters after the article are rather suspicious of HP’s latest offering. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/TFsulBe_NiY?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> “Hope they fix overheat issues in x360 and crappy drivers (but maybe I should blame Intel). It was first of my notebooks that hang right out of the box. But ash and silver version is very beautiful indeed,” says BelikovSergey. “My x360 was great (though I never actually used it as a tablet; I just enjoyed the heft it had as a laptop), then 1 year later it stopped charging. Stopped working with the adapter plugged in… It’s the last HP I’ll ever buy,” claims Fueledbygin, adding that HP wanted to charge him $300. The original x360 has been a huge hit for HP. Laptop Magazine gave it four stars. “The HP Spectre x360 13t is a premium 2-in-1 with the looks and performance to back it up. Its sexy chassis (especially in black and gold), accurate screen, powerful audio and strong performance make it an Editors’ Choice pick. We just wish the bottom ran cooler.” The review especially praised the quad-HD display and the powerful speakers. CNET also gave the HP Spectre x360 four stars. “Two years running, the HP Spectre x360 offers incredible value for the money. Its slim, premium aluminum frame houses a speedy processor, comfortable keyboard and touchpad, plenty of full-size ports, a beautiful touchscreen and a surprising amount of battery life under the hood,” claimed critic Sean Hollister, adding that the only downsides are the fact that it’s a little chunkier than the competition (the new version fixes that), and that the glossy screen can produce distracting reflections. The Dell XPS 13 is currently the hottest Windows laptop. [Image by Daryl Deino] Regarding Windows laptops, it’s obvious that the HP Spectre x13 is going after the market’s top 13-inch laptop, the Dell XPS 13. Dell’s laptop, which has an edge-to-edge 3,200 x 1,800-pixel display (better resolution than the x13), has been called a “MacBook killer,” a “MacBook Air killer,” and even a “MacBook Pro killer.” Those who are planning to buy an XPS 13 may want to hold off for just a little bit. The Next Web reports that Dell is turning their hit laptop into a tablet convertible. “Dell has confirmed to TNW that it’s refreshing the XPS 13 with a convertible design. The laptop appears to be keeping the edge-to-edge ‘InfinityEdge’ display that was its claim to fame, which means Dell will probably have to work some software magic to keep your fingers from activating the display all the time in tablet mode.” Apple will likely update its MacBook Pro line at the end of October. [Image by Bryan Thomas/Getty Images] Then, there are the new MacBook Pros rumored to be coming out at the end of October. According to BGR, Apple’s new notebooks will have a secondary touchscreen display. Other sources say the new Pros will be thinner, lighter, and more powerful. Thanks to HP, Apple, and Dell, this holiday season will be great for consumers looking for a new laptop. [Featured Image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Paralyzed Monkey Walks Again After Implant Now Read This: ‘Pokemon Go’: The Trick To Creating New Pokestops Brings Hope To Rural Trainers Share 3 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Daryl Deino Tags: Dell XPS 13, HP Spectre x360, macbook pro Comments LATEST HEADLINES Utah High School Stabbing: 16-Year-Old ‘Straight-A Student’ Viciously Stabs Five Classmates, Self In Locker Room [Video] Steve Bannon: A Dangerous Political Operative Gets Pass Into The White House [Opinion] See ‘Sing’ For Free Thanksgiving Weekend: Universal Pictures’ Biggest Advance-Screening Program Ever Jax Taylor Shares Thoughts On Marriage, Babies With Brittany Cartwright ‘Minecraft’ Movie: Will Steve Carell Play Steve? In Cast Talks With Warner Brothers, Release Date In 2019 Play ‘The Elder Scrolls Online’ For Free This Weekend On PlayStation 4 And PC, Xbox One Free Weekend Coming Soon Detroit Family Blames EMS Slow Response After 11-Year-Old Girl Dies From An Asthma Attack Tyler Posey Speaks Out About ‘Teen Wolf’ Final Season As Show Comes To An End Ashton Irwin New Girlfriend Alert: Is Hailey Baldwin Poised To Replace Bryana Holly As 5SOS Drummer’s New Fling? Justin Bieber Confirms Stadium Purpose Tour North American Leg, Hints At Concert Movie Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 56.7k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 30.9k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 14.7k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 24.2k 0 0 Could Hillary Clinton Still Become The Next President Of The United States? 8.2k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 11.6k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 227.2k 0 0 Recent Headlines Utah High School Stabbing: 16-Year-Old ‘Straight-A Student’ Viciously Stabs Five Classmates, Self In Locker Room [Video] 7 0 0 Steve Bannon: A Dangerous Political Operative Gets Pass Into The White House [Opinion] 0 0 0 See ‘Sing’ For Free Thanksgiving Weekend: Universal Pictures’ Biggest Advance-Screening Program Ever 3 0 0 Jax Taylor Shares Thoughts On Marriage, Babies With Brittany Cartwright 13 0 0 ‘Minecraft’ Movie: Will Steve Carell Play Steve? In Cast Talks With Warner Brothers, Release Date In 2019 2 0 0 Play ‘The Elder Scrolls Online’ For Free This Weekend On PlayStation 4 And PC, Xbox One Free Weekend Coming Soon 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
MENU HOME SEARCH ABOUT Organization Public Affairs References NEWS Army Worldwide Press Releases STAND-TO! Army Live Blog MEDIA Photos Videos Publication LEADERS Secretary Under Secretary Chief of Staff Vice Chief of Staff Sergeant Major of the Army FEATURES Valor Events Heritage Army 101 ARMY A-Z SOCIAL MEDIA AKO CONTACT US JOIN FAQS Famed "Harlem Hellfighters" train with Division West for Kuwait By U.S. ArmyOctober 11, 2016 1 / 3 Show Caption + Hide Caption – FORT HOOD, Texas-- Soldiers assigned to the New York National Guard's famed 369th "Harlem Hellfighters" Sustainment Brigade, train at Fort Hood for their upcoming deployment to Kuwait in support of contingency operations. While at Fort Hood the Soldiers of the 369th participated in a Mission Readiness Exercise that fine tuned their skills while also preparing them to handle day-to-day sustainment operations in Kuwait. Soldiers also finished up mobilization training requirements like individual weapons qualifications and Counter-IED training. (Photo Credit: Sgt. Cesar Leon) VIEW ORIGINAL 2 / 3 Show Caption + Hide Caption – FORT HOOD, Texas-- Soldiers assigned to the New York National Guard's famed 369th "Harlem Hellfighters" Sustainment Brigade, train at Fort Hood for their upcoming deployment to Kuwait in support of contingency operations. While at Fort Hood the Soldiers of the 369th participated in a Mission Readiness Exercise that fine tuned their skills while also preparing them to handle day-to-day sustainment operations in Kuwait. Soldiers also finished up mobilization training requirements like individual weapons qualifications and Counter-IED training. (Photo Credit: SGT. Cesar Leon) VIEW ORIGINAL 3 / 3 Show Caption + Hide Caption – FORT HOOD, Texas-- Soldiers assigned to the New York National Guard's famed 369th "Harlem Hellfighters" Sustainment Brigade, train at Fort Hood for their upcoming deployment to Kuwait in support of contingency operations. While at Fort Hood the Soldiers of the 369th participated in a Mission Readiness Exercise that fine tuned their skills while also preparing them to handle day-to-day sustainment operations in Kuwait. Soldiers also finished up mobilization training requirements like individual weapons qualifications and Counter-IED training. (Photo Credit: SGT. Cesar Leon) VIEW ORIGINAL NORTH FORT HOOD, Texas-- Soldiers from the 369th Sustainment Brigade recently completed their final phase of training here, in preparation for deployment to Kuwait. During the unit's post-mobilization training at Fort Hood Soldiers took part in a Mission Readiness Exercise that resembled a recent "Warfighter" exercise the brigade headquarters took part in at Fort Carson, Colorado, earlier in the year. The difference? Refinement of their skills to better prepare the unit for how things are done in Kuwait. The purpose of the Warfighter is to train Soldiers how to perform their duties in a combat environment. However, the MRX, conducted by First Army Division West and the United States Army Reserves 75th Training Division at Fort Hood, focuses on skill refinement and what units will encounter while deployed to Kuwait. "They have Soldiers here (Fort Hood) from the current unit that are there (Kuwait) now to give some real world things that are going on there now," said Warrant Officer Claudiann A. Atkinson, 1st Sustainment Brigade, 1st Infantry Division, about the MRX. Atkinson also emphasized the importance of the MRX because of how it gives the unit materials and experiences they need to be familiar with the areas they are going to so when they get there it's a more familiar place. The importance of the training at Fort Carson, Indiantown Gap, and Fort Hood was not lost on the Soldiers of the 369th, especially those new to the ranks. "As a newer Soldier to the unit, and the Army in general, our training was essential," said Spc. Kyle Beckley, an Intelligence Analyst for the 369th Sustainment Brigade. "The training provided life-like simulations in a tactical environment that helped me acclimate both to my duties as an Intel Analyst, and also as a member of the team," Beckley added. When the 369th Sustainment Brigade's MRX kicked off there were some bumps in the road. As with any team or organization each section needed to find their rhythm and get in sync to work towards the end goal of becoming a cohesive team. "I feel as unit you are better at the end of training then at the beginning," said Atkinson. "Initially there were some synchronization issues and some sections didn't really completely understand their roles and responsibilities," she added. "From then until now there has been a drastic change," added Atkinson. "Everyone needs to understand their roles and responsibilities and they need to communicate together if they want to complete the mission effectively." The intent of all the training the unit has conducted over the past year is to help prepare them for the mission ahead. Over the years things like political climate change making it difficult to train for every possible condition or scenario. But that doesn't make training less important. "You need to be prepared because every war is going to be different, you can't train the same way that you did for your first deployment that you are going to do for this deployment. It is not always going to be the same. That is why this training is so important," said Atkinson. At the end of the day readiness is the key to success and the Soldiers of the 369th feel they are ready to take on the challenge and are confident in their abilities to succeed. "Our team proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that we are ready, willing and able to stand in the wake of real world events and adjust, adapt, and overcome anything that presents itself," said Sgt. 1st Class Charles Tomsella, assistant NCOIC, Current Operations Assistant. Soldiers also completed training they didn't complete during the unit's pre-mobilization training conducted at Fort Indiantown Gap, Pennsylvania, August 8-27. Soldiers qualified on their assigned weapon and also completed counter-IED training. RELATED STORIES November 3, 2016Division West medical battalion; sole trainers for deploying RC units October 24, 2016Texas National Guard Transportation Company partners with active duty unit November 1, 2016TRADOC CSM meets Operational Test Command NCOs for professional development November 2, 2016Harlem Hell Fighters assume command of Middle East mission October 25, 2016Fort Hood WTU hosts 2016 regional Army trials October 28, 2016Human resources unit 'activates' in Baumholder October 28, 2016Division West aviators SWET it out November 7, 2016Oklahoma Public Health Branch held Organization Day at Zoo October 26, 2016The 17th Sustainment Brigade completes Middle East mission November 10, 20161st Engr. Bde. repeats as top retention unit at Fort Leonard Wood November 10, 2016TACOM unit provides advice, support for emergency fuel, water issues November 7, 2016Army's Commanders Focus on Maximizing Unit Readiness, Total Army Force Cooperation October 29, 20161st TSC enables units to track forces with technology October 25, 2016CRDAMC hosts new/expectant parents during annual Fort Hood baby expo November 4, 2016175th FMSC commemorates unit's activation with grand opening of new facility November 7, 2016Public Health Branch Louisiana participates in Domestic Abuse Awareness 5K November 10, 2016The Value of Service November 10, 2016Santa's ruck march spreads holiday cheer October 27, 2016Rotational units join 2ID/RUCD, ensure continued Fight Tonight readiness Home Contact Us Privacy Terms Of Use Accessibility/Section 508 FOIA Social Sharing
null
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Faith, Values, Family Traffic Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News It's Only Money Oregon & the Economy Playbooks & Profits Silicon Forest Window Shop Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Soccer Cross Country Water Polo Back to Main Menu Volleyball Soccer Cross Country Water Polo Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Gift Guide Back to Main Menu The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments Oregon tech pays up for Measure 97 fight capitol_exterior_michelle_brence.jpg Tech companies have contributed nearly $900,000 to the fight against Measure 97, which would impose a new 2.5 percent tax on many companies' sales inside the state. (Michelle Brence/The Oregonian) Print Email Mike Rogoway | The Oregonian/OregonLive By Mike Rogoway | The Oregonian/OregonLive The Oregonian Email the author | Follow on Twitter on October 12, 2016 at 11:15 AM, updated October 12, 2016 at 4:22 PM comments Tech companies have contributed nearly $900,000 to the fight against Measure 97, which would impose a new 2.5 percent tax on many companies' sales inside the state. Half that money comes from Comcast, whose cable subscription revenues would presumably be subject to the tax. But many of the state's other big tech names are contributing, too, reflecting concern that the measure would function differently for them than it would for other companies. Tech donations to oppose Measure 97 Opponents have raised $17 million to fight Measure 97. Supporters have raised $7.5 million. Tech companies have contributed nearly $900,000 to the campaign against the tax initiative; no big Oregon tech names have donated to the campaign to win passage. Here's a list: Comcast: $465,000 Jive Software: $100,000 Amazon.com: $75,000 Intel: $50,000 CenturyLink: $50,000 Oregon Cable Telecommunications Association: $50,000 Act-On Software: $25,000 Navex Global: $20,000 Consumer Cellular: $10,000 SureID: $10,000 Jay Haladay (former CEO of Viewpoint Construction Software): $5,000 Frontier Communications: $5,000 New Relic: $5,000 Smarsh: $2,500 Cloudability: $2,500 Voyager Capital: $500 Measure 97 would produce $3 billion a year, which supporters say could revive Oregon education funding and provide other key social services. The initiative's authors say they wrote the initiative to hit out-of-state companies doing business in Oregon. But a provision of existing state law, applied to software companies under Measure 97, appears to tax software companies on all their sales – wherever they take place. That's prompted a rare outcry from Oregon tech companies, which are usually silent on the big issues facing the state. Contributors to the campaign against Measure 97 include tech giants like Intel and Amazon, as well as much smaller, homegrown tech businesses like Portland startup Cloudability. (No big names in Oregon tech appear among the campaign contributors supporting the initiative.) Gov. Kate Brown, a supporter, has said that if Measure 97 passes, the Legislature should amend it so software companies and service businesses are treated the same as other Oregon companies under the law. The measure's backers welcomed Brown's proposal. And Rep. Phil Barnhart, chairman of the House Revenue Committee and another Measure 97 supporter, told The Oregonian/OregonLive he expects lawmakers would approve such an amendment. It's impossible to know for sure, though, just how lawmakers would respond as they grappled with the measure's broad implications during the next legislative session. Software stands out under Measure 97 because Oregon corporate taxes generally apply only to sales that take place inside the state. There's an exception, though, for service businesses like software. In that case, the tax is levied based on where the service is produced – even if companies sell their final products in another state or another country. The effect of the tax hike on Oregon's biggest companies – Intel and Nike – will be tiny. That's because they aren't software companies, and because their sales inside the state are relatively small. Still, concerns about the initiative go beyond software. Oregon tech finds its voice in tax fightVeteran Silicon Forest finance executive Ray Link, now on the board of Electro Scientific Industries and other big Oregon tech companies, warns it could make it more problematic to do business in the state. "An example is a company that makes test equipment in Oregon for the Oregon semiconductor industry," he wrote in an email. "This company will see a 2.5 percent increase in costs whereas a smaller out of state competitor company will not. The Oregon-based company will have to absorb the added cost to remain competitive." Tigard-based Consumer Cellular reported $620 million in sales last year, providing cell phones and wireless service to more than 2 million customers across the country. It makes many of its sales over the phone to customers of its big retail partner, Target. Chief executive John Marick said Measure 97 could pose a significant threat to his business, because it's not clear whether the initiative would count those national phone sales as in-state transactions subject to the new tax. "If it gets determined that those sales are in Oregon, then we're in big trouble," he said. Additionally, Marick said that he expects Consumer Cellular's suppliers – smartphone makers like Apple – will pass along the tax to the Tigard company on the phones it buys wholesale. His company has contributed $10,000 to the campaign opposing Measure 97. It's probably true, Marick said, that Oregon business was too slow to propose its own plan for overcoming shortfalls in state revenue. Though that needs to be addressed, he said, Measure 97 isn't the right way to go about it. "Our hope would be that it doesn't pass but that it creates the momentum where we say: OK, we need to do something (else)," Marick said. Correction: Jive Software donated $100,000 to the campaign, not $10,000 as this article originally reported. -- Mike Rogoway mrogoway@oregonian.com 503-294-7699 @rogoway Inside Silicon Forest About Mike Rogoway Email Mike Rogoway Follow @rogoway Most Read Active Discussions About Us About OregonLive.com Advertise with us Contact the newsroom Frequently Asked Questions Join our team Our Journalists Contact Subscriber Services Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Clark County Gresham Portland Washington County More Local News Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Forums Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Lenovo Yoga 910 convertible laptop now available for order in the US 0 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Oct 12, 2016 at 17:42 GMT1 month ago At IFA 2016, Lenovo announced its Yoga 910, the successor to the popular Yoga 900 convertible laptop. Yoga 910 comes with a 13.9-inch 4K display, redesigned keyboard, a larger trackpad, a fingerprint scanner with support for Windows Hello enclosed in an aluminum-magnesium alloy case with a rubberized inlay. Just like the Yoga 900, you can configure Yoga 910 to have the latest Intel 7th Gen Core i5 and i7 processors. Key features: Powered by Windows 10 Up to 15.5 hours of battery life Available with up to Intel’s latest 7th Gen Core i7 processor Music and sound are enhanced with Dolby Audio Premium New all-metal unibody casing available in Champagne Gold, Platinum Silver and Gunmetal The signature watchband hinge enables flexible usage modes –type in laptop mode, present in stand mode, watch videos in tent mode or browse in tablet mode Gallery Lenovo Yoga 910 is now available for order from Lenovo.com, but not all the models are available. You can get the model with Intel Core i7, 8GB RAM and 256GB SSD for $1429. For $1799, you can get the model with Core i7, 16GB RAM and 1TB SSD.  You can order it here from Lenovo. BestBuy also few models starting at $1199, check it out here. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related convertible laptop Lenovo Yoga Lenovo Yoga 910 windows Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending WhatsApp for Windows Phone updated with many new features by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac by Pradeep 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 21: All About Alcatel’s superphone by Andrew Bennett on November 11, 2016 During this week’s episode of the MSPoweruser Podcast, Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett cover some of the week’s Microsoft news. This week’s topics include the Alcatel Idol 4S... Subscribe Now Windows 10 ‘Battlefield 1’ November update released for Xbox One and PC by Greg Jordan on November 16, 2016 DICE has just released the fall update for the Xbox One, PC, and PS4. The update is 1.6 GB PC and 1.9 GB on Xbox One. The update includes a number of gameplay changes based on community feed... Tablo over-the-air DVR app now available on Xbox One by Pradeep Tablo over-the-air DVR app is now available for Xbox One in the US and Canada. Download the app from Xbox Store to begin watching live and recorded Over-the-Air TV. Tablo is a network-based ... HP announces the world’s first mini workstation by Pradeep HP today announced the world’s first mini workstation targeting users in CAD and other compute-intensive industries.The new HP Z2 Mini is only 2.3” high is 90% smaller than a traditional... ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ Survival DLC comes to Xbox One an... by Greg Jordan Xbox U.S. today announced that the long awaited “Survival” DLC update for ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ will arrive to Xbox One and PC on November 22. This is f... Windows 10 will soon allow third-party alarm apps to break-through Quiet Hours by Sean Chan A very neat feature on Windows 10 is Quiet Hours, which allows users to stop notifications from apps during a certain period of the day/night. Quiet Hours can also be quite useful when you a... Deals Deals Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for this Black Friday Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Deal: Get $150 off Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 PC from Microsoft At IFA 2016, Lenovo announced its Yoga 910, the successor to the popular Yoga 900 convertible laptop. Yoga 910 comes with a 13.9-inch 4K display, redesigned keyboard, a larger trackpad, a fi... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 128GB storage for $899 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4G... Deal: Microsoft offering Xbox One S Bundle and free game for $299 Despite Black Friday being right around the corner, Microsoft believes that you shouldn’t have to wait to enjoy the savings off of its newest console. That’s why from November 4 ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $749 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $150 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Deal: Get huge discounts on the original Surface Book Amazon US is now offering huge discounts on the original Surface Book device. The entry-level Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for just $1199.... Deal: Entry-level Surface Book now available for just £1,049 John Lewis is now offering the entry-level Microsoft Surface Book for just £1,049. Entry-level Surface Book comes with Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM, 128GB storage and detachable 13.5”... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
IOT Journal RFID Journal RFID Journal ESPAÑOL RFID Journal BRASIL RFID Journal EVENTS RFID Journal AWARDS RFID CONNECT Does One Fewer IoT Standards Equal One Step Closer to Interoperability? On Monday, two groups that have spent the past few years developing competing open-source communication standards for Internet of Things devices announced that they will merge. But there is still plenty of reconciliation to do before consumers can enjoy interoperable IoT devices—if they ever do. By Mary Catherine O'Connor Tags: Consumer, Devices, Open Source, Smart Home, Standards, Technology PDFEmailPrintDefinitionsSave Article Oct 12, 2016— This week opened with big news in the Internet of Things standards community: The Open Connectivity Foundation (OCF) and the AllSeen Alliance, two groups that have been developing separate open-source frameworks for standardizing the means by which IoT products communicate with each other and connect to networks, have merged. The two organizations' boards have approved a merger under the OCF name and bylaws, which effectively means that AllSeen Alliance is being made part of the OCF. As part of the merger, the two groups will create a unified version of their frameworks—OCF's IoTivity framework, and AllSeen Alliance's AllJoyn framework—both of which use open standards designed to enable connected devices and applications to communicate with each other through a common language, regardless of what operating system or networking protocol they each use. The goal is that by integrating the framework software into the firmware running in two connected devices, they could interoperate—so that, for example, a motion sensor made by company A could tell the light bulb made by company B to turn on when it senses motion—and could do so locally, without relying on an internet connection. Such framework-compliant devices would communicate either directly with each other, via common radios, or via gateways containing multiple radios. The AllSeen Alliance has arguably gotten more done than the OCF—there are 25 AllSeen certified products on the market—while the OCF's framework is younger and it only last week announced that it has opened its first certification labs. Qualcomm and Intel have been the driving forces behind the AllSeen Alliance and OCF, respectively, and the two groups bring with them member bases of around 200 companies each—though there is a good amount of overlap between those member lists. Through the merger, the OCF board of directors now includes representatives from AB Electrolux, CableLabs, Canon, Cisco Systems, GE Digital, Haier, Intel, LG Electronics, Microsoft, Qualcomm, Samsung Electronics and Technicolor SA. But the news of the two groups merging is not a total surprise, since Qualcomm became a member of the OCF back in February, at which time it said it planned to contribute to both frameworks. (Microsoft and Electrolux also joined the OCF at that time, which coincided with the renaming of the Open Interconnect Foundation to the OCF.) Journalist Stacey Higginbotham, who claims to have sources close to the merger, characterizes it as more of a disbanding of the AllSeen Alliance. She views this as a loss for consumers because the AllJoyn framework is more mature than the OCF's IoTivity. Until IoTivity supports backward compatibility to AllJoyn, she says, the IoT community will still be without a blueprint for industry-wide interoperability. And while progress toward interoperability is slow, new smart-home platforms are emerging at a steady pace. So while on the one hand, two prominent open-source interoperability platform providers have joined forces, on the other, we've got an increasingly crowded marketplace for personal-assistant products for smart-home applications that come with their own, siloed, communications platforms. There's Amazon's Echo device with Alexa, and now Google has introduced a competing product called Home, which uses Google's Weave communications protocol (built on Google's Brillo operating system for the IoT), and now there are rumors that Apple may soon release a personal-assistant product of its own, to showcase its Home interface for iOS10. Until and unless Apple, Amazon and Google decide to join the OFC or in some other way pledge to make their products interoperable with other smart-home products in the market, a merger between the AllSeen Alliance and the OCF does not do much, on its own, to stem the issues around product interoperability in consumer-facing IoT products. Mary Catherine O'Connor is the editor of IoT Journal and a former staff reporter for RFID Journal. She also writes about technology, as it relates to business and the environment, for a range of consumer magazines and newspapers. Previous Page 1 Next Page Related Content News Senate Holds IoT Hearing IoT News Roundup IoT News Roundup Opinions Sensors Cross the Industrial-Consumer Divide It's the IoT Journey... and the Destination Notes from Jasper's Connected-Car Confab Features The Internet of Things Organizing the Internet of Things RFID, Sensors and the Internet of Things SIGN UP FOR THE IOT JOURNAL NEWSLETTER First Name (Required) Last Name (Required) Industry (Required) Aerospace / Aviation Apparel / Footwear / Accessories Automotive Chemicals / Adhesives Consulting / Business Services / Legal Consumer Electronics / Electronic Components Consumer Packaged Goods Education / Library / Research Energy / Utility / Mining Entertainment / Media / Publishing Financial Services / Venture Capital Food / Agriculture Forestry / Pulp / Paper Government / Library / Nonprofit Health Care / Pharmaceutical IT Software, Hardware, Service Provider Manufacturing Military / Defense / Homeland Security Packaging / Labeling Retail RFID Hardware, Software or Services Semiconductor Manufacturing Telecommunications Transportation / Logistics Other Country (Required) United States Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Baker Island Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, People's Republic of China, Republic of (Taiwan) Christmas Island Clipperton Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic Republic of Congo, Republic of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island Honduras Hong Kong Howland Island Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jarvis Island Jersey Johnston Atoll Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kingman Reef Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte McDonald Islands Mexico Micronesia Midway Atoll Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Navassa Island Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian territories Palmyra Atoll Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Virgin Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Wake Island Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Email Address (Required) Newsletter Archive » JOIN THE CONVERSATION ON TWITTER IOT Journal Loading JOIN THE CONVERSATION » ASK THE EXPERTS Simply enter a question for our experts. Ask Now View Answers to Previous Questions Editor's Notes Expert Views Features Newsletter Ask the Experts Business Efficiency Automation Transportation Supply Chain Consumer Smart Home Devices Health & Fitness Smart Vehicles Technology Software Security Standards Sensors Innovation Sign up for the RFID Journal Newsletter We will never sell or share your information RFID Journal LIVE! RFID in Health Care LIVE! LatAm LIVE! Brasil LIVE! Europe RFID Connect Virtual Events RFID Journal Awards Webinars Presentations About Terms of Use Advertise Privacy Contact Support © Copyright 2016 RFID Journal LLC. Powered By: Haycco
Search (optional) LifestyleLifestyle Architecture Around The Home Children Collectibles Good Thinking Health & Wellbeing Holiday Destinations Outdoors Pets Remarkable People Sports Tiny Houses ScienceScience Biology Electronics Energy Environment Materials Medical Physics Quantum Computing Space TechnologyTechnology 3D Printing Computers Deals Digital Cameras Drones Games Home Entertainment Laptops Military Mobile Technology Music Robotics Smartwatches Telecommunications VR Wearables TransportTransport Aircraft Automotive Bicycles Marine Motorcycles Urban Transport Features Reviews Facebook Twitter RSS Flipboard New Atlas Computers HP's premium additions slimmed down, powered up Scott CollieOctober 13th, 2016 11 pictures The base of the Envy 27 AIO desktop computer is home to much of the hardware, allowing HP to slim down the monitorView gallery - 11 images Having renewed its focus on premium design with what was (briefly) the world's thinnest laptop, HP has given its high-end Spectre lineup a refresh. The new Envy 27 all-in-one, Envy 13.3 laptop and Spectre x360 convertible marry slim, attractive designs with high-end performance. Envy AIO 27 Like a high-end television, HP envisions the Envy 27 as the focal point of a large family room. That means it has been designed to stand out, rather than blending into the background. All of the computing hardware, which would usually sit in the all-in-one's display, has been integrated into the base for a slimmer 4K IPS 27-inch screen. And there's a Bang & Olufsen sound bar built into the design, too. Buyers are able to choose from the latest generation quad-core Intel i5 or i7 processors supported by up to 16 GB of DDR4 system memory. For those keen to play the latest games without annoying lag, there's an optional Nvidia GTX950M graphics card coupled with 4 GB of GDDR5 video RAM. Users are able to connect up another display using an HDMI output, or plug in an optical media player or laptop to use the all-in-one as a dumb monitor. USB-C connectivity has also been built in, along with a bunch of USB 3 connectors. Storage is handled by a hybrid SSD/HDD system, with options stretching up to a 256 GB/2 TB combination. Available from this month, pricing will start at US$1,299. Envy 13.3 Designed to blend high-end design with a reasonable pricetag, the 14-mm (0.55-in) thick Envy 13.3 is actually slightly thicker than the model it replaces. According to HP, that's a trade-off worth making, because it allows space for a bigger battery, which offers 14 hours on a single charge. The new Envy 13.3 makes use of a special fast charger to replenish that battery to 90 percent capacity in just 90 minutes. Depending on the spec chosen, the 13.3-inch screen is either a regular full-HD panel or a touchscreen QHD display, both of which stretch from edge-to-edge for a clean look. When it's open, the hinge of the screen props the keyboard up at a more natural typing angle, which should please people who don't like the flat, chiclet keyboards on modern laptops. Solid state storage up to 1 TB is available, and the range-topping Envy 13.3 gets 16 GB of RAM along with an Intel i7 processor. Lower spec models will be powered by an Intel i5. All variants of the laptop come with a USB-C port, along with two USB 3.0 outlets. The Envy 13.3 will also be available this month, pricing kicks off at $849.99. Spectre x360 The Spectre x360 is a refined take on the folding concept it launched last year, with a bigger battery offering up 15 hours on a single charge, and optimized software for use with the latest Intel Core i5 and i7 processors. The new x360 is slimmer than the model it replaces, too. A new display shaves 10 mm (0.4 in) from each side, and the redesigned hinge makes the new 13.8 mm (0.54 in) body ever-so-slightly thinner than before. HP has also managed to lighten the load by 160 grams (0.35 lb). Solid-state storage up to 1 TB is available and, despite its svelte design, the new HP convertible includes two USB-C ports and a regular USB 3.0 connector. The x360 is available from today, prices start at $1,049.99. Source: HP View gallery - 11 images New AtlasHP's premium additions slimmed down, powered up 1 / 11 Tags #All-in-one #Desktop #Intel #Convertible #Hewlett-Packard #Laptop Share this article Post a comment Recomended for you Latest in Computers Google Wi-Fi up for pre-order Latest rankings show US and China tied on supercomputer count Adobe gets experimental: Photoshopping voices, drawing hacks and VR editing How will the White House hand over the President's official social media accounts? Search New Atlas Search (optional) Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address unused Gizmag is now New Atlas Switch to Desktop Site
null
Discussion Forum Of Machines Facebook Twitter   Home News Articles Case Studies Expert’s Column Industry Automotive Consumer Device HealthCare Manufacturing Security Smart Cities Interviews Leading Companies Devices About Us Contact Us Events Community October 12, 2016 by Cafe Staff AllSeen Alliance Merges With Open Connectivity Foundation Both aim to accelerate the Internet of Things and leverage it for building a connected system Open Connectivity Foundation (OCF) and AllSeen Alliance have announced a merger. The two organizations’ are merging together under the OCF name and bylaws to advance interoperability between connected devices from both groups. The idea behind this merger is enabling full operating potential of IoT and representing a significant step towards a connected ecosystem. According to the company press release, the newly merged groups will collaborate on future OCF specifications, as well as the IoTivity and AllJoyn open source projects. The expanded OCF board of directors will consist of executives from a wide array of leading companies: AB Electrolux, Arçelik A.S., ARRIS International plc, CableLabs, Canon, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., GE Digital, Haier, Intel, LG Electronics, Inc., Microsoft, Qualcomm, Samsung Electronics, and Technicolor SA. “By coming together as one group, we are able to make IoT a more seamless, secure experience for everyone involved, from developers to end users,” said Danny Lousberg, Chairperson of the AllSeen Alliance. “The AllSeen Alliance and Open Connectivity Foundation have been working together closely to deliver a technologically comprehensive solution that makes sense for the industry and our members.” The merger is designed to leverage the strengths of each organization. To this merger, the AllSeen Alliance brings its diverse, global membership, proven AllJoyn technology, and millions of AllJoyn-enabled products into the market through the AllJoyn Certified program. OCF brings its deep membership roster, formal IoT standards with expertise across multiple vertical markets and cloud-native architecture as implemented within the IoTivity framework. Together, these strengths create an organization that establishes the broad interoperability needed to realize the full market potential for IoT. “We’re incredibly excited about this unification as both groups have been working diligently to make this possible,” said Mike Richmond, executive director, Open Connectivity Foundation. “As we forge onwards towards this shared goal, we are focused on building the most robust, open IoT software solution to achieve our vision – complete interoperability within the IoT.” Cafe Staff More Posts Tags: allseen alliance, ocf, open connectivity foundation Share this post Tweet More in News Meet UNLIMIT: Reliance’s New IoT Services Venture November 15, 2016 Gemalto, Sequans Showcase LTE-M Solutions November 2, 2016 Nokia Conducts Commercial IoT Trial Using NB-IoT November 1, 2016   Leave a Reply Cancel Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Your Name * Your Email * Your Website Latest Meet UNLIMIT: Reliance’s New IoT Services Venture November 15, 2016 Samsung Buys Harman For $ 8 Bn, Eyes $100 Bn Connected Car Biz November 15, 2016 Gemalto, Sequans Showcase LTE-M Solutions November 2, 2016 Nokia Conducts Commercial IoT Trial Using NB-IoT November 1, 2016 AMD Showcases New VR Technologies October 25, 2016 Popular No commented posts yet Comments Tags aeris india aeris iot solutions analog devices artificial intelligence autonomous cars berg insight bhubaneswar smart city cisco iot driverless cars drones ericsson ericsson iot gemalto iot hannover messe huawei iot huawei nb-iot ibm watson industrial iot intel iot internet of things iot iot in healthcare iot in sports iot market size iot monetization iot security iot startup lpwa M2M m2m market machine learning microsoft azure mwc update nb-iot ocf samsung iot sap iot smart cities smartcities smart city smart city project smartron telit telit iot wearables Subscribe to our Newsletter Featured News Tech Mahindra Joins Hand With GE Digital September 28, 2016 Samsung Electronics And MTS Signs MoU For 5G and IoT Technologies September 28, 2016 27 New Cities Make Way To The Smart Cities List September 22, 2016   Tweets by @m2mcafe Editor’s Picks Interview With Anil Chawla, MD, Verint SystemsSeptember 26, 2016 WhatsApp Reveals Its Tyler Durden CharacterAugust 29, 2016 Here’s Who Will Win The Most Gold In Rio 2016?August 9, 2016 ‘Focus On Making India Critical To Our IoT Journey’- Uday Dodla, Qualcomm IndiaAugust 1, 2016 Is Facebook Buying Twitter? Here Are Some HintsJuly 26, 2016 How Samsung Changing Lives With Nomada Smart SchoolJuly 8, 2016 Here’s What Your Office Might Look Like In 10 YearsJuly 1, 2016 IBM To Transform 25,000 Buildings Into Smart Offices Using IoTJune 30, 2016 Drone Maker Secures $25 Mn Funding, Launches Hover Camera DroneApril 27, 2016 Four Ways The IoT IS Helping Mother NatureApril 26, 2016 M2M Is Exciting But Security And Privacy Must Be AddressedApril 14, 2016 Case Study : Visa, Accenture Turn Connected Car Into A Visa CardFebruary 25, 2016 Samsung Showcases Plethora Of IOT Products At Samsung ForumFebruary 4, 2016 Case Study : Microlise Drives Vehicle Telemetry Solutions Using Vodafone M2MFebruary 2, 2016   Copyright © 2016 M2M Cafe. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress. Designed by M2M More Posts
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: As the lead author of this site, I haven't even had a day off of work in over three years due to my commitment to enriching the Linux hardware experience and the financial struggles of running such an operation single-handedly. If you want to keep blocking ads, please at least consider joining the Phoronix Premium site to help ensure that this site can continue. Thank you. It's Easy To Play With The RADV Radeon Vulkan Driver On Ubuntu 16.04 Written by Michael Larabel in Mesa on 12 October 2016 at 10:10 AM EDT. 6 Comments Now that the RADV Radeon Vulkan driver is part of mainline Mesa, it's increasingly easy to experiment with this unofficial, open-source Vulkan driver on rolling-release distributions and through third-party package archives/repositories. One of the popular choices for Linux gamers and enthusiasts on Ubuntu, the Padoka PPA, has added support for building the Radeon Vulkan driver with its most recent update over the weekend. The Padoka PPA is now building its Mesa packages with support for the Radeon Vulkan (RADV) driver to complement the existing Intel Vulkan (ANV) support. The Mesa Git code continues to be built against LLVM 3.0 SVN for the best AMDGPU LLVM back-end support too. Thus Ubuntu users can simply do apt-add-repository ppa:paulo-miguel-dias/mesa && apt update && apt dist-upgrade. Easy as that! This package archive is still important for users running the soon-to-be-released Ubuntu 16.10 since it's unfortunately stuck to Mesa 12.0 and it's not shipping Vulkan support by default. Check out my RADV benchmarks from last week plus some NVIDIA Vulkan comparison numbers and I'll be working on some fresh Linux Intel/Radeon/NVIDIA Vulkan benchmarks in the days ahead. 6 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Mesa News X.Org Foundation Moving Ahead With Becoming A Khronos Adopter For Mesa Ilia Mirkin Takes To Hacking On SWR Gallium3D, Fixes ~600 Piglit Bugs Mesa 13.0.1 Released Threading Support Is In The Works For Raspberry Pi's VC4 Open-Source GPU Driver Mesa 13.0.1 Is Being Prepped For Release, Many OpenGL & Vulkan Driver Fixes Mesa 12.0.4 Released With Dozens Of Fixes Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 2:33 A.M. ET Delta Lloyd cost cuts on track; ups savings traget 2:32 A.M. ET Aggreko confident of profit despite oil market 2:31 A.M. ET Barratt sales in London lag, but order book is up 2:30 A.M. ET Bouygues profit beats views on telecom unit boost 2:29 A.M. ET Total SA creates bioplastics JV with Corbion 2:28 A.M. ET GSK at fault for couple's time in China jail: suit 2:26 A.M. ET Reports of iPhone glitch investigated in China 2:25 A.M. ET VW, Audi may face higher emission suit costs 2:24 A.M. ET Deutsche Bank shrinks U.S. entity to meet EU rules 1:12 A.M. ET Australia wage growth falls to record low 1:09 A.M. ET Dollar’s march higher takes a break as investors wonder if it’s gone too far 12:51 A.M. ET Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits 11/15 Updated Asian stocks peek higher, led by financials 11/15 Walgreens says Theranos voided 11.3% of its customers’ blood tests 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses Ideological Divides Among Black Americans 11/15 Want a cheaper fare on United? It’ll cost you the overhead bin 11/15 Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses New PBS TV Series 11/15 Updated SEC boss Mary Jo White should be stepping up the fight, not stepping down 11/15 Updated 5 reasons why it’s too early for investors to stop worrying about President Trump Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until London Markets Open Asia Markets Currencies US Market Snapshot Home Press Release Continuum Analytics Launches AnacondaCrew Partner Program to Empower Data Scientists with Superpowers By Published: Oct 12, 2016 10:02 a.m. ET Share Leading Open Data Science platform company is working with its ecosystem to drive transformation in a data-enabled world AUSTIN, Texas, Oct 12, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Continuum Analytics, the creator and driving force behind Anaconda, the leading Open Data Science platform powered by Python, today announced the launch of the AnacondaCrew Partner Program. Following the recent momentum in revenue and Anaconda growth of over three million downloads, this program is focused on enabling partners to leverage the power of Open Data Science technology to accelerate time-to-value for enterprises by empowering modern data science teams. The AnacondaCrew program is designed to drive mutual business growth and financial performance for Technology, Service and OEM partners to take advantage of the fast-growing data science market. The AnacondaCrew Partner Program includes: Technology Partners offering a hardware platform, cloud service or software that integrates with the Anaconda platform Service Partners delivering Anaconda-based solutions and services to enterprises OEM Partners using Anaconda, an enterprise-grade Python platform, to embed into their application, hardware or appliance "We are extremely excited about our training partnership with Continuum Analytics,” said Jonathan Cornelissen, CEO at DataCamp. “We can now combine the best instructors in the field with DataCamp’s interactive learning environment to create the new standard for online Python for Data Science learning." In the last year, Continuum has quickly grown the AnacondaCrew Partner Program to include a dozen of the best known modern data science partners in the ecosystems, including Cloudera, DataCamp, Intel, Microsoft, NVIDIA, Docker and others. “As a market leader, Anaconda is uniquely positioned to embrace openness through the open source community and a vast ecosystem of partners focused on helping customers solve problems that change the world,” said Michele Chambers, EVP of Anaconda and CMO at Continuum Analytics. “Our fast growing AnacondaCrew Partner Program delivers an enterprise-ready connected ecosystem that makes it easy for customers to embark on the journey to Open Data Science and realize returns on their Big Data investments.” Learn more about the Continuum Analytics AnacondaCrew Partner Program here or simply get in touch. About Anaconda Powered by Continuum Analytics Continuum Analytics is the creator and driving force behind Anaconda, the leading Open Data Science platform powered by Python. We put superpowers into the hands of people who are changing the world. With more than 3M downloads and growing, Anaconda is trusted by the world’s leading businesses across industries––financial services, government, health & life sciences, technology, retail & CPG, oil & gas––to solve the world’s most challenging problems. Anaconda does this by helping everyone in the data science team discover, analyze and collaborate by connecting their curiosity and experience with data. With Anaconda, teams manage their Open Data Science environments without any hassles to harness the power of the latest open source analytic and technology innovations. Continuum Analytics' founders and developers have created and contributed to some of the most popular Open Data Science technologies, including NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib, Pandas, Jupyter/IPython, Bokeh, Numba and many others. Continuum Analytics is venture-backed by General Catalyst and BuildGroup. To learn more, visit http://www.continuum.io. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161012005900/en/ SOURCE: Continuum Analytics InkHouse Jill Rosenthal continuumanalytics@inkhouse.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> SSDs Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Smartphones Mobile Intel Google Snapdragon 821 Pixel Motherboards GPUs Asus Home> SSDs Reminder: OCZ SSD Giveaway & Ask The Experts Recap by Ryan Smith on October 12, 2016 8:30 AM EST Posted in SSDs Giveaways OCZ 23 Comments | Add A Comment 23 Comments + Add A Comment As a final reminder to anyone who has yet to enter, our OCZ SSD giveaway closes on later this week on Friday. We'll be giving away 3 SSDs altogether: 512GB and 1TB versions of the recently launched OCZ VX500 SATA SSD, and a 512GB OCZ RD400 NVMe M.2 SSD. So if you like free stuff and are in the United States, don't hesitate to enter. Meanwhile our Ask The Experts session was a big success, so thank you to everyone who submitted questions for OCZ to answer. In case you missed it, here's a recap of the questions that were answered. What, if anything, has Toshiba done with the Indilinx IP/engineers? Is there a Barefoot successor (i.e. a high performance controller) in the works? Back when we acquired Indilinx it really was somewhat early days in terms of manufacturers developing their own controllers and firmware to not only push the envelope in performance but also to try and take advantage of the latest NAND nodes when it came to driving both capacity and cost improvement. I'm sure you and all the readers here remember how expensive per GB SSDs were just a few years ago, and by bringing the Inidlinx team and IP in house we were able to drive development that positively impacted performance and cost to make SSDs more accessible to consumers. Today the Indilinx team and IP have been completely integrated into our R&D team which also includes the team located in Oxford UK, which was originally acquired from PLX. This combined team is the group that was responsible for creating the Barefoot 3 controller, that is still being used today in our Vector 180 SATA SSD. Over the years the team has continued to develop and enhance the firmware as well, which is why we were able to leverage the BF3 controller for so many different product lines and generations. These engineers are a big part of why we also became part of Toshiba over two years ago, and are now working on next generation controllers and firmware for both enterprise and client SSDs. As part of Toshiba the team now also realizes two major benefits, first the early and complete access to next generation NAND from Toshiba which enables for optimization for future NAND technologies, and second the additional resources. For example all those hardware and firmware engineers here in California are now part of our still growing Toshiba America Storage Research & Design Center (SRDC) which is based in Folsom, CA. and we are continuing to invest in R&D. While I can't go into too much detail on what they are working on I can say that the team is indeed developing next-gen controllers that will be utilized in the Toshiba-OCZ brand for consumers. When VX500 will be available in America and in Europe? Will it replace Trion 150 in pricing anytime soon? We just launched the VX500 Series but it is available now in North America and will be available in Europe this week as well as stock makes its way to our distributor and reseller partners. Here in the US you can find the VX500 at e-tailers now, for example: Newegg: http://www.newegg.com/Product/ProductList.aspx?Submit=ENE&DEPA=0&Order=BESTMATCH&Description=OCZ+VX500&N=-1&isNodeId=1 Amazon: https://www.amazon.com/Toshiba-OCZ-VX500-256GB-VX500-25SAT3-256G/dp/B01LYVB7F8/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid=1475770873&sr=8-4&keywords=OCZ+VX500 Though many SATA SSDs are pushing the value envelope and using TLC and 3D NAND (ours included) we still saw the need for a mid-range SSD that provides strong performance and endurance for mainstream users. This is why we engineered the VX500 Series with higher endurance MLC NAND, and optimized the firmware for write-intensive environments. Because the VX500 utilizes MLC NAND it is going to be more performance and endurance oriented than the TR and TL Series SSDs, which both make use of TLC NAND, and we also bundle it with data migration software. The extra endurance enables us to provide a 5 year warranty on the VX line as well. So while we will try and make the VX500 as accessible as possible to consumers the build costs are higher with MLC and users can still expect the TR and TL lines to be the more aggressively priced lines for more value oriented consumers. What do you guys see as the most important aspect to focus on for making a successful SSD: Capacity, Performance, Price The importance of all 3 of these factors has shifted over the years with things like controller limitations, SATA 3 saturation, and manufacturing technology affecting each of them. Obviously all 3 of those need to be in balance to have a well-rounded product, but every product focuses on 1-2 of those aspects at the expense of the other(s). Certainly with OCZ and Toshiba now being best buds, you guys have more ability than ever to be able to pick and choose what the tech specs of your drives are and really push the envelope in any of those 3 areas and so it'll be exciting to watch OCZ products over the next few years! In addition to those 3 areas, reliability and quality are also areas we focus on, to ensure that the customers have a great experience when using a Toshiba-OCZ product. We really see price to have a direct correlation to capacity as the die capacity continue to increase. As you'd stated, with SATA bus saturating, for the SATA space we are more focused on bringing affordable SSD product to the market, migrating customers from conventional hard drive over to solid state technology. We are currently more focused on pushing the performance envelop on the NVMe platforms as there is much more head room. What do you see in the near future (next 1-5 years) for NVMe/ PCIe/ SATA and other interfaces? What kind of longevity technologies are expected in the near future (next 1-5 years)? The initial concept work on NVMe began back in 2009, with the 1.0 specification released in 2011. Although NVMe drives were piloted in some OEM applications, we really didn't see consumer adoption begin till last year and not really take off until this year. So yeah, propagation of new standards takes quite a bit of time (see: DDR3/4, USB-C, Thunderbolt, etc.) In the immediate future (1-5 years) NVMe will still be ramping up and hitting its stride. In terms of the next 5 years, NVMe was specifically architected for generic non-volatile storage, not just NAND. So the working group tried to future proof it for whatever next generation storage technologies come down the line in the hopes that we can continue to use it rather than have to start this whole standards body process from scratch again. So I see NVMe taking over as the dominant interface going forward, with minor iterations on the specification. The other bump will be to PCIe gen. 4, but still running NVMe. What do you consider to be your target markets? Do you have plans to offer higher capacity PCIe drives for workstation type applications? Our target markets have changed over the years, but I'm pleased that we are now getting back to our enthusiast consumer roots. Today the target market for the Toshiba-OCZ brand is focused on end-users, and especially performance oriented users. While we have previously serviced OEM and enterprise markets those customers are being driven by the core Toshiba side of our business. The Toshiba-OCZ branded products are being developed specifically with end-user platforms, applications, and workloads in mind. For us Workstation customers absolutely reside in our enthusiast and power user target market. In terms of future PCIe solutions we not only plan to offer higher capacity drives for workstation type applications we are already developing them. Our RD400 M.2 PCIe/NVMe SSD was among the first 1TB M.2 drives that was readily available for end-users, and the RD400 found a lot of homes in the systems of both gamers and workstation users. With the latest Toshiba NAND we will be driving the density 2TB and beyond with the next generation PCIe SSDs. Are there plans to support TCG OPAL + IEEE 1667 in the future? It is marketed as "eDrive" (Encrypted Drive) by Microsoft for Bitlocker and also supported in both Linux and Windows by open source tools provided the Drive Trust Alliance https://www.drivetrust.com/apps/ Simple answer is yes; adding e-Drive support is something we are looking into for our SSDs, and by extension our software user tools. What is the number one problem with failed SSDs, does it have to do with NAND wear, or is it controller/firmware issues that caused the drive to lock itself in a panic mode state, and not accepting any commands from BIOS to identify the drive anymore? I will say that i rarely have seen SSDs fail due to NAND wear. This doesn't mean there aren't any. Thankfully, the percentage of people that would put a client drive in a high-end, high traffic server is miniscule.  The latter scenario you have described is something we have seen. As a result, we've worked with engineering and end users to understand better what has occurred at the time of failure so that we can make corrections where appropriate. What does OCZ see as the future/successor of current 2.5” SATA drives? Their high capacity is nice, but SATA III less so. M.2/PCIe drives are fast, but their capacity is limited. Is it U.2? Or do we stick with SATA 3 for longer? I think you actually answered your own question, the only value 2.5" SATA III drives currently provide are capacity, cost, and socket adoption. So once NAND density can provide affordable high capacity in an M.2 form factor and more motherboards in consumers' hands have M.2 slots, 2.5" SATA will start to fade rapidly. That point is probably sooner than people realize, within the next few years. In terms of U.2 it has its applications, but will be relegated to more of a high end niche while M.2 dominates the market. Both form factors currently utilize the same interface, so there's no base bandwidth difference. U.2's main advantage is surface area, which provides benefits to capacity and thermal management. The disadvantages compared to M.2 are cost and cabling. As noted above, NAND density will hit a point where an M.2 can provide sufficient capacity in that form factor. I know, I know, you can never have enough capacity, but from what we've seen there's effectively a price ceiling consumers are willing to pay for their storage. OCZ actually had one of the first 1TB drives on the market back in 2011. It cost around $1,300 and we sold, well, let's say not as many as we had hoped. The 1TB segment didn't really take off until 2 years later when Crucial released a 1TB m500 for $500, then it started flying. Of course there are always going to be the enthusiasts for whom money is no object, give me the best possible, but in general it seems customers don't want to be spending more on their storage than their graphics cards. So keeping that in mind, as long as we can fit enough capacity up to that price ceiling in an M.2, the value proposition for a U.2 starts to get less appealing. Now thermals are the other advantage U.2 has, it's definitely easier to cool that bigger surface area. And better cooling can improve performance, either by operating in a higher power envelope or by limiting the instances of thermal throttling. But while instances of thermal throttling on M.2 can be demonstrated in bench testing, it happens much less frequently in real world workloads. (Protip: once motherboard manufacturers realized putting the M.2 sockets directly under the main GPU was not the best idea, things got a LOT better.) So we can eek out a bit more performance on a U.2, but it's going to cost a non-trivial amount more than the M.2: added connector cost, cables, heatsink, bigger PCB, more NAND packages, etc. Making a number up, let's say $50 more for a drive that thermal throttles less frequently, but otherwise is the same capacity and performance as an M.2. The last factor is that despite Intel's best efforts we still don't have wide adoption of native U.2 sockets on consumer motherboards, you're plugging into a U.2 > M.2 adapter anyways. So I definitely think there's a potential enthusiast niche for a high end U.2 and we may still productize one eventually, but it would be a much smaller market segment than M.2. Also, most of the reviewers and system builders I've talked too much prefer M.2. It's a cleaner look, less cabling to run and less use of the drive bays either means better small form factor PCs or better airflow and watercooling room. I'd love to hear what OCZ have as their silver bullet against Samsung SSD's. Samsung just look like a behemoth waiting to take over the entirety of the SSD market. Say it ain’t so, OCZ! Tell us what you've got that'll make yours the SSD to buy. Long answer short, there really isn't a silver bullet per-say. We do respect the competition and it's certainly a good thing for consumers that there are multiple providers in the space. While there is no easy answer here we do have a strategy, and at the highest level that is to really focus on the real needs of end-user consumers. We often get the question, after OCZ was acquired by Toshiba why did we keep the "OCZ" brand? It was all a matter of focus. Today OCZ is a sub-brand of Toshiba and the team was not only kept intact but was given additional resources in which to improve quality, reliability, and invest in developing next generation products specifically with performance oriented end users in mind. Our team has tried to stay nimble in this fast moving market, keeping that innovative DNA, while being able to leverage all that being part of a FAB has to offer. An example of all of this coming together was the recent launch of our RD400. Rather than just launch a M.2 module we wanted to specifically service the complete spectrum of end users and offered it in both standalone module and AIC PCIe/NVMe versions. This gives end users the flexibility to adopt the product even if their platforms/desktops did not have a M.2 slot. It also enables end-users to leverage the product now, depopulate the drive from the AIC adapter, and use it in a mobile platform in the future. We thought about how we could really develop products that were not only fast, but were easy to use now and in the future by our customers. Combine all that with the fact that Toshiba makes some of the highest quality NAND in the world, and that we are able to develop products with complete access to those future storage technologies, and we believe we can create compelling solutions. We were born from the consumer market,and while we know that the competition is fierce, we also believe that if we develop products that really address the needs of our valued end-users such as yourself then we can compete. Any 2TB or 4TB SSDs in the pipeline? Yes! Our pipeline has some very exciting products, and among them are higher density offerings! So far it seems like drive manufacturers have kept bringing down SSD prices by increasingly utilizing TLC NAND. Now that TLC is so prevalent, what’s the next shift to bring down prices further? Larger die capacity will continue to drive the $/GB down, and as already seen in some of our products, going DRAM-less also helps in reducing the drive cost especially for the lower capacity drives (120GB-240GB). System on Chip where the controller and flash are integrated into single package also reduces cost on the silicon, as well as reducing PCB size and cost. What are your thought on 3D XPoint? Do you guys see this as competition to your business or do you see it as a separate category? We're still waiting to see how the 3D XPoint stuff turns out, but based on the presentations Intel has provided thus far it seems to be positioned as a separate tier of storage between DRAM and SSD, leaning more towards expanding the DRAM pool. I believe it'll more directly compete with NVDIMM technologies in the enterprise space. But I guess we'll find out! How do you see PCs in 5 years’ time? Dominated by Laptops or some other (possibly new) form factor? The distinction between RAM and Storage becoming blurred or completely removed? What's the vision you're building towards? I think 5 years is still a very short amount of time (see my answer on how it took longer than 5 years just to get NVMe out), so by then more of the same. Laptops and convertibles (I'm currently answering all these off my Surface) will dominate the workplace and a lot of homes. Desktop PCs will stick around for content creation and gaming (PC masterrace, yo), but laptops/convertibles and tablets are starting to get powerful enough to handle the bulk of what people traditionally used PCs for (my mom uses her ipad more than anything else). I think the rise of mobile is interesting and we've invested into BGA SSDs for that reason, but phones as primary computing devices are still a ways off. We'll need to see how Xpoint and other future storage technologies shake out, but its doubtful DRAM ever goes away completely. It may just shrink and get integrated into SoCs so it becomes less visible, but there's still a role for it. For years, conventional wisdom has suggested that SSDs are not suitable for long term storage of data. With SSDs increasing in size and declining in price, consumers will certainly not think twice about buying SSDs for long term storage. Do the warnings concerning the integrity of data in untouched files over the period of years still hold for modern SSDs? Yes, data retention on unpowered SSDs is an unfortunate side effect of how NAND is architected. Kristian wrote about it some here when one of the scare articles came out: http://www.anandtech.com/show/9248/the-truth-about-ssd-data-retention The JEDEC standard for client SSDs requires drives to retain data unpowered for 1 full year once the endurance has been exhausted. This can be affected by temperature and it was that realization that prompted the scare a year ago. As a manufacturer we always insist on the importance of maintaining proper backups, it's just a necessary factor of life. But to answer your long term storage question, I would not recommend SSDs for long term storage, no. What we see are the media for storage shifting down along the traditional hierarchy, with SSDs taking over the main computing storage slot traditional hard drives occupied, and hard drives shifting into the long term storage slot where tape has been dominant. For example, a few years ago the conventional wisdom was to have a small SSD as your OS drive and a larger HDD for media and other data storage. Today my personal setup is an NVMe drive as my OS (*cough*OCZ RD400*cough*), with a 1TB TLC drive as my Steam folder (something, something, TR150), and then all my large files sit on a 4TB NAS. I then have both cloud and external drive backups. So data retention isn't something I ever worry about in my personal life because if I ever leave my PC off for over a year I'm probably dead (and want my data/browser history gone!) and most of my files are on my NAS and backups anyways. Will we see NVMe drives eventually reach price parity with current SATA/AHCI drives? Does the increasing capacity of SSDs make power loss protection any more important? Absolutely, yes, NVMe drives will hit price and capacity parity with current SATA drives at which point SATA will fade away. This will probably happen sooner than people think, within a few years. In a pure technical sense, as the capacity of an SSD increases so does the size of the mapping table so it's logical to think power loss protection becomes more important. There are two approaches to handling unexpected power loss: increasing the hold up time the drive has to clean up and safely shut down by adding capacitors, or improving the robustness of the firmware and decreasing the amount of work that needs to be done during this additional hold up time, reducing the amount of additional capacitance required. I unfortunately can't go into too much technical detail here as this strays into special sauce territory, but think of similar work and techniques done on the filesystem level like journaling, write verification, and increasingly sophisticated error correction. We tackle the problem from both ends, so the presence, or lack thereof, or large power loss protection capacitors are not necessarily indicative of how robust a drive manages unexpected power loss. In fact, if you check your SMART data you're likely to see some amount of unexpected power losses recorded you didn't even notice. Funnily enough, the trend in the datacenter space is not build in any additional power loss protection on the drive level, but to push the cost down as much as possible and build in redundancy at higher levels. Relevant xkcd: https://xkcd.com/1737/ How do you see your SSDs holding up in the event of a catastrophic, electronic destroying solar flare? Also, would you have any preservation suggestions to keep data contained on one of your SSDs intact so that it can be put into a time capsule and eventually figured out when rediscovered by a different hypothetical civilization centuries later? And lastly, are you working on SSD solutions to replace eMMC in tablets? Heh, interesting question. I can't honestly say we've generated a catastrophic solar flare in the test lab, but as long as the drives are not physically fried it would depend on how many bits got flipped. The drives are designed with multiple error correction checkpoints in the datapath specifically to catch silent errors from bitflips, so I guess it depends on your definition of "catastrophic". :) In terms of the long term storage I touched on this somewhat here: https://forums.anandtech.com/thread...iveaway-with-ocz.2487888/page-2#post-38507023 But no, due to how NAND functions I don't believe SSDs in their current state are suitable for crazy long term storage like time capsules. In the timeframes you're suggesting even HDDs will have their issues. There are optical discs explicitly designed for archival purposes, but I'll confess to not being an expert on storage in the millenia scale, sorry. Maybe try this? http://www.popularmechanics.com/tec...hard-drive-the-first-immortal-storage-medium/ And yes, earlier this year at CES we demoed an NVMe BGA SSD. These are perfect for mobile applications and much, much faster than eMMC or UFS. http://www.anandtech.com/show/10546/toshiba-announces-new-bga-ssds-using-3d-tlc-nand With a refresh of the Vertex line (VX) will we see the Vector line refreshed soon as well to replace the Vector 180? We tagged the VX500 with the homage to the Vertex name as it slots in quite well as a mainstream product. We envision the Vector brand as a higher end, enthusiast product. The rub is that I believe SATA is shifting towards a value market, it's hard to get excited about squeezing a few more IOPS out of an enthusiast SATA product when we're both bus constrained and massively faster NVMe drives are already here. Why pay a price premium for AN AWESOME SATA drive that nets you a few % points of performance when you can buy an NVMe drive for not a whole lot more and get 5x the performance? We're already seeing the NVMe market split into both high end, and cheaper NVMe, so I feel this is the segment that's going to get a lot more exciting, while SATA becomes cheap bulk storage. The RD400 was branded to recall the RevoDrive line that's been our PCIe hallmark, so that leaves the Vector brand in an odd position. That said, Vector hold a special place in my heart as the original Vector was the first product I solo managed and launched, so I'm gonna have to find some way to bring it back. Source: AnandTech Forums Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 23 Comments View All Comments LtGoonRush - Thursday, October 06, 2016 - link Is Anandtech being paid by OCZ to hold this event? Reply Ryan Smith - Thursday, October 06, 2016 - link No. We just like giving stuff away.=) Reply hojnikb - Thursday, October 06, 2016 - link Could you make it international next time ? It sux for us in EU :) Reply DanNeely - Thursday, October 06, 2016 - link The need to comply with ~180 counties different sets of laws make doing international contests legally much more expensive. Unlike Bob's Tech News Blog Purch is too big to just ignore the law and hope no one calls them on it; unfortunately they're also nowhere near large enough to actually afford the team of international lawyers needed to host a near global contest. A few countries on the US Enemies list are out of the question if doing business there, and Quebec charges fees high enough and has other notional consumer protection laws that almost no one not doing a contest specific to the Canada is willing to put up with them. (Thus protecting Quebecois from being allowed to win swag from abroad.) Reply HollyDOL - Thursday, October 06, 2016 - link He who really wants looks for solutions, he who doesn't looks for excusses. Reply DanNeely - Thursday, October 06, 2016 - link So are you recommending they double the number of ads and/or run much more obnoxous ones to hire an international legal team, or that they break laws all over the planet and hope none of the countries that they work in, travel to trade shows in, or travel through while commuting between the former and home decide to care and arrest them in the airport? Reply HollyDOL - Thursday, October 06, 2016 - link Tbh they should at least manage major audience countries like Canada, UK, Australia and perhaps India as AT has (or at least used to have) big audience there. Including none at all and excusing that on this or that is just plain 'cba' attitude. Reply Bullwinkle J Moose - Thursday, October 06, 2016 - link PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE "DO NOT" send me any OCZ SSDs I Love the 10 year Warranty on my Samsung 850 Pros I LOVE the fact that they can Copy and Paste files to and from the same SSD TWICE as fast as the older 840 Pro and almost 32 times Faster than the old Vertex I had When will Anandtech start testing Internal throughput anyway? Speed tests to and from "modern" SSD's are all about the same for SATA3 drives but internal speeds "to and from the same drive" differ quite remarkably Disclaimer: 840 and 850 Pro's were tested using XP-SP2 on SATA2 using IDE protocol in order to directly compare the speeds with OCZ Vertex 1 & 2 drives which are no longer available for testing on newer hardware Do the internal speeds of the new OCZ drives come even remotely close to the new Samsungs? Will they ever have a 10 year warranty? Will you have to give them away or can you actually sell them as well? Sorry, I just had to LOL Reply bigboxes - Friday, October 07, 2016 - link Send me his. Reply Bullwinkle J Moose - Sunday, October 09, 2016 - link Maybe the questions were too hard? Lets try again.... Is it more embarassing to have "experts" that cannot answer a few questions, or "experts" that refuse to answer them? Reply 1 2 3 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News OnePlus Launches The OnePlus 3T ECS Preps LIVA Z: Apollo Lake-Based Nettop with 4K and USB-C Support Toshiba Finalizes Plans for New 3D NAND Fab: Coming Online in 2019 AKiTiO Introduces Node: Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Box for $299 AMD @ SC16: Radeon Open Compute Platform (ROCm) 1.3 Released, Boltzmann Comes to Fruition ASUS ROG GT51 Desktop: Overclocked i7-6700K, GTX 1080 SLI, 64 GB DDR4, $4999 HTC Announces the HTC Bolt - A Sprint-Exclusive Smartphone for LTE Plus NVIDIA Announces Record Q3 FY 2017 Results Best Android Phones: Holiday 2016 Alienware 13 R3: Quad-Core CPU, GeForce GTX 1060, QHD OLED, VR Ready AOC Launches the AG352QCX: 35-Inch 200 Hz 2560×1080 Curved Display with Adaptive-Sync BenQ Announces the ZOWIE XL2540: 24-Inch 240 Hz Full-HD Display 'for e-Sports' TWEETS RyanSmithAT: @FouzanWasTaken @IanCutress Sorry, I don't have the 460 version. I have the 455 version, the same as the other press RyanSmithAT: Random PS4 observation: most games don't have manuals. Like at all. IanCutress: @wccftechdotcom source? RyanSmithAT: RT @anandtech: Commercial NAS Operating Systems - A Comprehensive Overview of Core Features https://t.co/alP0HFcLqZ IanCutress: @cavemanjim Give us a shout if you've got time for lunch while you're here IanCutress: @tom_forsyth Hits peak efficiency at the dvfs point then duty cycles. OS still sees non dc freq… https://t.co/QCO9Nvvwgc RyanSmithAT: @XxVcVxX We're not able to reply to everyone. But if your app meets our approval, you should hear from us by mid-December RyanSmithAT: @Dafuqizwrong Many of our editors are part time IanCutress: I can't submit an @EE broadband bug report with dashes or parentheses in description. Wow, that's bad XSS/DB security at the expense of UX. IanCutress: If you're paying someone you describe as an expert to star in an advert for your product, how is said person impartial? ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices ganeshts: @DanMatte Yup,including TB3 ports is a great value-add for any computing system, but we need other ports also for practical purposes ganeshts: No doubt that USB-C is the future, and adoption should be driven up. The Q is - are notebooks having ONLY those por… https://t.co/kgVGy6Tpip ganeshts: .@Krewell Thunderbolt 3's versatility should be complementary to existing ports, not full-blown replacement. Apple's usage not convincing ganeshts: @guspaz @troywolv That is the problem with ISPs that also deliver TV. IPTV / OTT cut into that revenue segment, caps are a counter Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
null
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Trepidation Ahead Of Fed Minutes May Lead To Choppy Trading 10/12/2016 9:11 AM ET The major U.S. index futures are pointing to a lower opening on Wednesday, with stocks likely to see some further downside following the sell-off in the previous session. Trading activity is likely to be somewhat subdued, however, with traders reluctant to make significant moves ahead of the release of the minutes of the latest Federal Reserve meeting. The minutes of the meeting may attract more attention than usual, as last month's decision to leave interest rates unchanged was far from unanimous. Reflecting division within the central bank, Kansas City Fed President Esther George, Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester and Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren voted to raise rates by a quarter point. U.S. stocks fell sharply on Tuesday amid a pullback in oil prices and a rough start to the third quarter earnings season following Alcoa's (AA) weaker than expected results. The major averages opened lower and declined steadily until late trading before moving sideways around the lower levels. The Dow Industrials lost 200.38 points or 1.09 percent before ending at a 2-week low of 18,129, the S&P 500 Index ended down 26.93 points or 1.24 percent at a 3-week low of 2,137 and the Nasdaq Composite ended at 5,247, down 81.89 points to 1.54 percent. Twenty-six of the thirty Dow components ended the session lower and one stock ended unchanged, while the remaining three stocks advanced. Merck (MRK), UnitedHealth (UNH), Intel (INTC), Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), American Express (AXP) and Boeing (BA) were among the biggest decliners among the Dow components. The market witnessed broad based weakness, with gold, housing, semiconductor and biotechnology stocks spearheading the losses. Commodity, Currency Markets Crude oil futures for November delivery are inching up $0.02 to $50.81 a barrel after sliding $0.56 to $50.79 a barrel in the previous session. The previous session's pullback came amid the release of the IEA's monthly oil market report, which showed an increase in OPEC production in September. Some price drag also came from profit taking following Monday's rally. Meanwhile, an ounce of gold for December delivery is currently trading at $1,254.40, down $1.50 from the previous session's close of $1,255.90. On Tuesday, gold fell $4.50. On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 103.91 yen compared to the 103.51 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Tuesday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.1023 compared to yesterday's $1.1054. Asia Most Asian markets retreated, tracking the weak lead from Wall Street overnight. The Singaporean and Japanese markets led the retreat in the region, although the South Korean and Taiwanese markets notched modest gains. The Japanese market retreated as the yen sell-off stalled. The Nikkei 225 Index opened lower and moved roughly sideways for the rest of the session. The index ended down 184.76 points or 1.09 percent at 16,840. Food, retail, textile, chemical, pharma, resource, financial, real estate, export and utility stocks all came under selling pressure. Australia's All Ordinaries Index also languished below the unchanged line, although amid some volatility. The index ended 7 points or 0.13 percent lower at 5,555. Material, IT and energy stocks were among the worst hit, but financial, healthcare, telecom and real estate stocks found some strength. Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index ended at 23,407, down 142.47 points or 0.60 percent, and China's Shanghai Composite ended down 6.75 points or 0.22 percent at 3,059. On the economic front, data released by Japan's Cabinet Office showed that core machinery orders fell 2.2 percent month-over-month in August, smaller than the 4.6 percent drop expected by economists. Annually, orders rose a better than expected 11.6 percent. The results of a survey by Westpac showed that confidence among consumers in Australia rose in October, with the corresponding index rising 1.1 percent to 102.4. Europe European stocks opened lower and showed volatility in early trading. The major averages in the region are currently in the red. In corporate news, gold miner Fresnillo reported higher third quarter gold production and said it is on track to meet its fiscal year production guidance. On the economic front, the German Federal Statistical Office reported that wholesale prices in Germany fell at a slower annual rate in September, with the 0.3 percent drop the slowest since July 2013. A report released by Eurostat showed industrial production in the euro area rising more than expected in August, both sequentially and year-over-year. France's inflation doubled as initially estimated in September, final data from statistical office Insee showed. Consumer prices advanced 0.4 percent annually, faster than the 0.2 percent increase seen in August. This was the fastest growth since October 2014, when inflation was 0.5 percent. U.S. Economic Reports Kansas City Federal Reserve President Esther George is scheduled to give a speech about payment systems at the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago's Annual Payment Symposium at 9:40 am ET. The speech will be followed by an audience Q&A. The Treasury Department is set to announce the results of its auctions of 3-year and 10-year notes at 1 pm ET. At 2 pm ET, the Federal Reserve is due to release the minutes of the September FOMC meeting, when the Fed chose to stand pat. Stocks in Focus Shares of Ericsson (ERIC) are likely to come under pressure in early trading after the mobile networking company warned its third quarter results will be significantly lower than expectations. Cybersecurity company Fortinet (FTNT) may also see early weakness after lowering its guidance for third quarter earnings and revenues. On the other hand, shares of Voxx International (VOXX) are moving sharply higher in pre-market trading after the consumer electronics company reported a second quarter profit compared to a year-ago loss. PC makers are likely to be in focus after Gartner announced that worldwide PC shipments totaled 68.9 million units, a 5.7 percent year-over-year drop. This marked the 8th consecutive quarterly decrease. Lenovo was the leader of the pack, as it increased its market share to 20.9 percent from 20.2 percent in the year-ago quarter, although unit shipments fell 2.4 percent. HP Inc. (HPQ) grew its shipments by 2.3 percent and increased its market share by 1.6 percentage points to 20.4 percent. Dell also saw market share and unit shipment growth. Apple (AAPL) saw a 13.4 percent slump in shipment growth and lost share. Nasdaq announced that Shire (SHPG) will become a component of the NASDAQ-100 Index and the NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index prior to the market open on October 19, 2016. Packaging Corp. of America (PKG) announced an agreement to buy substantially all the assets of Columbus Container for $100 million in cash. With the deal, the company expects its containerboard integration levels to increase by over 30,000 tons. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Top Stories European Shares Seen Extending Gains Snapchat Parent Confidentially Initiates IPO Process All Is Well With ACRS, First Avastin Biosimilar In The Works, CLRB Abuzz Asian Markets In Positive Territory Japanese Market Advances UPS Strike Could Put Wrench In Holiday Shipping Find McRib With Your Phone Stocks Close Mostly Higher Following Upbeat Retail Sales Data - U.S. Commentary Obama's Job Approval Rating Jumps To Four-Year High Americans Optimistic Trump Will Improve The Economy Tech CEO Threatens To Shoot President-Elect Trump Giuliani Reportedly New Favorite To Be Secretary Of State Major Averages Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags <<Previous        61 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Snapchat Parent Confidentially Initiates IPO Process Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Upgrade: Steel Stocks In For Trump Renaissance Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy AAA: Low Gas Prices Drive Spike In Thanksgiving Travel Facebook Says Stops Allowing Ads To Target Ethnic Groups United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Erickson Says Bankruptcy Court Approves Interim DIP Financing Sumitomo Electric Starts Operation Of CPV Power Generation Plant In Morocco Allianz Group Q3 Profit Climbs; Confirms 2016 Operating Profit Outlook NTT H1 Profit Up, Sales Down; Lifts FY Profit View, Cuts Sales Forecast Bechtle Q3 Profit Rises; Outlook For Year Adjusted Upwards Innogy 9-month Profit Declines; Confirms Forecast - Quick Facts SIG 4-Month Revenues Rise, LFL Revenues Down; CEO Stuart Mitchell Steps Down Konami Q2 Profit Rises, Revenues Down - Quick Facts ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Client Login Receiver Login Issue Release Services The Process SMNR Pricing Partners Why RealWire? Testimonials Case Studies PR Filter Knowledge About Our Story The Team RealWire News Contact Enquiries PR Sign Up Receiver Sign Up Twitter FeedsRealWire Limited Delivering Relevance, Releasing Influence Send Release|Receive Releases|Archive|FAQ's RSSTwitterLinkedInVimeoYouTube Issue Date 12 Oct 2016 Images Posiflex's lineup at GITEX 2016 view Tags retail hospitality epos mobile Release Feed RSS FeedPosiflex Feed Share Release Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Digg This blink it Reddit! Stumble It! Add to Diigo Bookmark this on Delicious Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Press Release Posiflex Showcases the Latest Range of POS Technologies at GITEX 2016 London – 12 October 2016 — Posiflex Technology, Inc., a global leading brand in the design and manufacture of POS solutions and peripherals, is set to showcase its latest POS technology achievements, including several new product updates, at GITEX 2016 - the largest ICT event in the Middle East region. Owen Chen, CEO of Posiflex Technology, Inc. says, “Posiflex is a pioneer in developing innovative POS solutions that enable businesses to compete successfully and deliver improved customer satisfaction in today’s technology-driven world. Our participation in GITEX reflects our continued commitment to drive the POS market forward and set new standards in POS hardware solutions.” Posiflex's lineup at GITEX 2016 MT Series: Hybrid Mobile POS Redefines Mobility Posiflex has launched the newest member of its MT family, the MT-4308W. Designed for business mobility, the new tablet features an 8” Corning Gorilla Glass touchscreen that provides a higher level of durability for commercial applications. Built with Intel’s new Cherry Trail processor, the tablet, running on Windows Embedded 10 IoT, delivers enhanced performance and impressive productivity for store operation. The multi-award winning MT Series addresses a new wave of mobile POS adoption – a hybrid POS terminal that can bolster mobile POS capabilities, whilst having the ability to convert to a full-fledged stationary POS when necessary. HS Series: Ultimate space-saving All-in-one POS The latest HS-3500 Series delivers fanless design, 10", 12” or 14” true-flat touch display and, in its front, an integrated detachable 3" thermal receipt printer and optional built-in 2D barcode scanner. Its detachable modularised printer design allows quick access to the components, enabling fast and easy service and upgrades. Notably, it is the winner of the 2016 Red Dot Award for Product Design. Ideal for quick service restaurants, convenience stores or any place where space is at a premium, the HS-3500 Series is a true “all-in-one” solution that can integrate the most widely used peripherals including MSR, fingerprint reader, RFID and more to support the daily POS operation. KS Series: – Advanced Innovative Fanless POS Terminal Posiflex will introduce the newly added KS-7415 Series to its line of fanless POS terminals at GITEX 2016. Designed to suit even the harshest environments, the KS-7415 Series features a patented aluminum housing that holds a 15” resistive or IR touch screen, with spill & dust resistance. In the event of a power failure, the KS-7415 Series has a built-in UPS function to ensure non-stop service. A full range of optional peripherals are offered, along with connectivity options to meet numerous applications. AURA-7600: Sleek 3” POS Receipt Printer Posiflex’s AURA-7600 is a 3” thermal receipt printer with auto cutter. With its small footprint and purposefully designed square shape with a front-load mechanism, it can be easily hidden under the countertop or in any limited space. When the optional lighting attachment LD-2000 is added, the AURA-7600 shines brilliantly with up to 8,000 different colour combinations, and brings fun into the mundane printing operation. Posiflex’s best-selling XT Series foldable POS and HC Series infotainment terminal will be on the agenda as well. For more information on these solutions, please visit Hall 3 booth #D3-10. About Posiflex: Posiflex is a designer and manufacturer of POS/industrial touch terminals and peripherals with installations globally since 1984. For more information: www.posiflex.com Company contact: Posiflex Technology, Inc. T: +886 (0)2 2299-1599 E-mail: sales@posiflex.com.tw Press contact UK: Lorena Duke, Ascendant Communications T: +44 (0) 7719 863333 E-mail: lduke@ascendcomms.net Contact us +44 (0)1522 883640Follow us RSSTwitterLinkedInVimeoYouTube Copyright © 2011 - 2016 Realwire Limited, all rights reserved.Privacy Policy   |   Disclaimer
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Amazon Streaming Music Amazon is taking on Spotify with streaming music services that cost less than $10 a month $8 a month for Amazon Prime members, $4 a month for an Echo-only version. by Peter Kafka Oct 12, 2016, 3:00am EDT tweet share Linkedin Michel Porro / Getty Apple has one. Google has one. Spotify has had one for years. Now Amazon has a music subscription service, too. Like everyone else, Amazon has started selling a $10 monthly service that lets you listen to whatever you want, whenever you want, on any device you want, without ads. But Amazon is also offering two versions of the service that its rivals don’t: An $8-a-month version of the service for its Amazon Prime subscribers, and a $4-a-month version of the service that will only work on Amazon’s line of Echo speakers. (That’s the one we told you about in August. You’re welcome!) Amazon’s entry into the subscription music business would be noteworthy on its own, since Amazon is a giant tech company with big money and ambitions. But the fact that it has broken the $10-a-month barrier for on-demand, ad-free music is the real news here. Digital music services, most recently Apple, have tried pushing the retail price for on-demand music below $10 a month for years, without success. Amazon has done it with a combination of brute force and creative thinking. It got the labels to agree to the $4 service that only works on Amazon devices by telling the labels that it would act as a gateway to more expensive services. And it appears to have launched the $8 service simply by paying up: As far as the music labels are concerned, Amazon owes them as much for each subscriber on the $8 service as it does for $10 subscribers. That is: Amazon is subsidizing the difference. So now we’ll have a real-world test of a theory some digital music executives have argued for years: If you lower the price for on-demand music subscriptions, you’ll sell many more subscriptions, and the music industry will grow overall. Time to find out. Meanwhile, if you’ve played with Spotify, or Apple Music, or any other $10-a-month subscription service, then you’ll know what to expect from Amazon Music Unlimited: It has a catalog of about 30 million songs, and you can call them up on any device, including your phone, anytime you want. You can also download them, so you can play them when you’re not connected to the internet. Amazon But Amazon thinks there are lots of people, including a big swath of its customer base, who have yet to sign up for Spotify, or any other service. It’s most interested in that group. This is the same line of thinking that has allowed Apple to sign up 17 million Apple Music subscribers in the last year, so there may be some merit to that. The other distinction that Amazon is playing up is its music service’s integration with Alexa, its voice-activated AI assistant that powers the Echo. You can still operate Amazon Music Unlimited via Amazon’s desktop and mobile interfaces, but Amazon is really hoping that you’ll spend a lot of time asking Alexa to play something for you. Maybe a specific song, or a playlist based on mood, or a style of music. It strikes me that, as smart as Alexa is, someone who spends a lot of time making playlists or hunting for obscure music will be frustrated by Alexa’s limited command set. But then again, odds are very high that kind of person already has a subscription music service. Two other notes: Unlike Apple Music and Tidal, Amazon isn’t launching by promoting special access to megastars like Taylor Swift or Beyonce. Instead it has the same basic catalog that every other service has. But Steve Boom, who runs music for Amazon, says the company isn’t opposed to the idea of exclusives. Amazon Prime used to create all of its media services as value-adds for Amazon Prime: You paid $100 a year for fast, free shipping, and you also got goodies like free videos. But lately it has begun offering add-ons to Prime. Last year, it started selling subscriptions to services like Hulu and Showtime as add-ons to its video service, and now it is selling a monthly music service. recode_divider More From Recode LinkedIn’s CEO says the U.S. cares too much about four-year college degrees Where we choose to work is a big deal, office designers Yves Behar and Ryan Mullenix say Google’s Diane Greene says the singularity won’t arrive in her sentient lifetime LinkedIn’s CEO says more than five million jobs will be lost to new tech by 2020 Dropbox is all in on collaborative work, COO Dennis Woodside says TaskRabbit is generating operating income in every city it’s in Trending Google’s Diane Greene says the singularity won’t arrive in her sentient lifetime No satire: The stars of HBO’s ‘Silicon Valley’ say they got ‘cucked’ in an LA bar Marc Benioff says companies buy each other for the data, and the government isn’t doing anything about it Philz Coffee can’t pay baristas $25 an hour, but it can help make their lives better Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff: ‘Without Twitter, you wouldn’t have President-elect Trump’ More in Trending Newsletters Recode Daily Top stories of the day. Recode Event Updates Our signature events sell out quickly. Be amongst the first to know. Recode Product Updates Special series, exclusive interviews and new features. This Article has a component height of 22. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Social LinkedIn Education LinkedIn’s CEO says the U.S. cares too much about four-year college degrees by Kurt Wagner Skills, not diplomas, need to be valued more, says Jeff Weiner. Code Enterprise Enterprise Where we choose to work is a big deal, office designers Yves Behar and Ryan Mullenix say by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ “Stress is a lack of control, in its simplest definition. We want to keep stress in these work environments down.” Code Enterprise Google Google’s Diane Greene says the singularity won’t arrive in her sentient lifetime by April Glaser Three out of four Google robots disagreed. Code Enterprise LinkedIn’s CEO says more than five million jobs will be lost to new tech by 2020 by Meghann Farnsworth Jeff Weiner quoted a stat from the World Economic Forum. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Win a Gigabyte GTX 1070 G1 Gaming Bundle [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Laptop Systems Monitors News 2 HP updates its premium PC portfolio in time for Xmas by Mark Tyson on 12 October 2016, 10:01 Tags: Hewlett Packard (NYSE:HPQ) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac7ty Add to My Vault: HP Inc. has unveiled an updated range of devices to bolster its premium consumer PC line ahead of Xmas. New and refreshed devices offer 'beautiful', thinner and lighter designs, with new processors, and extended battery life. The updated Premium Consumer Portfolio includes both portables, and an AiO and display for your home. HP Spectre x360 According to HP this is its most successful premium laptop and now the firm has improved it in several ways. To start with, it will now last for up to 15 hours of battery life, that's a 25 per cent gain over the first gen x360. The battery life improvement is down to a combination of moving to Intel's latest 7th gen processors and fitting a larger 57.8W battery. Another significant improvement to the x360 comes in the slimming and trimming of its dimensions. HP's new micro-edge display bezel design trims almost 10mm from each side of the screen, and a new hinge design helps HP take 2mm off the x360's thickness – down to 13.8mm. This laptop also weighs less now; it was previously 1.45Kg, now it weighs 1.3Kg. Other highlights of the second generation Spectre x360, as listed by HP, are as follows: The new dual fan design optimizes thermals to ensure the device runs cool during demanding activities 7th Generation Intel Core i5 or i7 processors Options with up to a 1TB PCIe SSD for fast performance and plenty of space to store high resolution videos and photos HP TrueVision FHD Webcam with 12% wider field of view, great for web chats. A FHD IR camera supports Windows Hello Facial Log-In for secure, easy log in without typing a password. HP Fast Charge to recharge the batteries to 90 percent capacity in just 90 minutes The HP Spectre x360 is expected to be available October 12, 2016. HP.com and BesBuy.com starting price at $1,049.99 HP ENVY Laptop HP's premium yet affordable laptop refresh again gains big in the battery life stakes. The new 13.3-inch model extends its battery life by four hours to a total of 14 hours away from the mains. This updated device is powered by a choice of 7th gen Intel Core processor. The new ENVY laptop is slightly thicker and heavier than the previous generation – but its still very portable at only 14mm thick and 1.43Kg. The ENVY Laptop is equipped with an elevated hinge design for an improved typing angle, plus a backlit keyboard as standard. HP Inc. provides display choices such as FHD, QHD with touch, and UHD. Your portable entertainment needs are enhanced by stereo B&O tuned speakers. HP Inc. listed the following specification highlights: Two USB 3.0 ports, including one dedicated to sleep and charge, and one USB Type-C port 7th Generation Intel Core i5 and i7 processors Up to a 1TB SSD PCIe provides fast response times when opening or moving large files Up to 16GB RAM HP Fast Charge up to 90 percent in 90 minutes The HP ENVY Laptop is expected to be available on HP.com and select retailers on October 26, 2016 starting at $849.99. HP ENVY All-In-One 27 The HP ENVY All-In-One 27 is based around a 27-inch diagonal QHD display with Technicolor Colour Certification. In this new version HP has moved the computing power into the base which allowed it to slim down the display thickness to 15mm. Also in the base is a sound bar with four Bang & Olufsen tuned speakers. Other key features of the HP ENVY All-In-One 27 are as follows: Powerful processing options available, including 6th Generation Intel Core i5 and i7 quad-core desktop Optional discrete NVIDIA GTX 950M graphics card with 4GB GDDR5 video for blazing fast 3D gaming performance Hybrid storage options include up to a 256GB SSD and 2TB HDD to give customers faster performance and plenty of storage for digital media collections USB Type-CTM port with Thunderbolt 3 support HDMI-out to connect to a second monitor or to project to a TV HDMI-in port for connecting a laptop to take advantage of the ENYV AIO 27’s beautiful display The HP ENVY All-In-One 27 is expected to be available on HP.com and select retailers in October 2016 starting at $1,299.99. HP ENVY Display This monitor uses a 27-inch diagonal 4K IPS panel with a micro-edge bezel. Content is said to look 'breathtaking' on this monitor partly due to its sRGB colour accuracy, which exceeds 99 per cent. Connectivity options include a Display Port, HDMI and USB-C. The USB Type-C port can also charge your PC or mobile device with up to 60 watts of power. The HP ENVY Display supports AMD FreeSync. The HP ENVY 27 Display is expected to be available on HP.com and select retailers on December 4, 2016 starting at $499.99. Related Reading 5 EVGA SC17 1070 Gaming Laptop The enthusiast laptop makes the transition from GTX 980M to GTX 1070. 7 Razer Blade Stealth An ultrabook and gaming PC in one? 4 Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 Ti for laptops specs, benchmarks leak It appears to outpace the GTX 970M by approx 10 per cent. Alienware 13 laptop updated with H-class CPUs and Pascal GPUs Apple shows off thinnest, lightest MacBook Pro ever with Touch Bar HP Z2 Mini Workstation revealed at Autodesk University event HP Elite x3 Lap Dock dumb Continuum laptop pre-orderable AMD AM4-based PC desktop system spotted in Costco HEXUS Forums :: 2 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by excalibur1814 - Wed 12 Oct 2016 13:11 I hope that the screen doesn't suck. No screen, so far, has ever looked as good as the original HP Envy 13 but the company that made that screen, as usual, went bust. :( Posted by Michael H - Tue 25 Oct 2016 18:26 The Spectre x360 looks good - if the 15" version with the 4k screen gets a similar update shortly I'll bite. MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 14 2 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst 11 3 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 4 Razer Blade Stealth 7 5 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 1 QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? 104 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 14 4 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 5 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 12 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 AfterShokz introduce the next generation wired bone conduction headphones 2 HP Unveils Industry’s First-ever Mini Workstation 3 Announcing the Swiftech Komodo GTX Titan X Waterblock 4 Lian Li Releases the PC-O10 Dual-Compartment Mid Tower: ATX Meets SFX 5 TYAN Displays HPC Platforms for Enterprises and Data Centers to Accelerate HPC Market Growth at SC16 6 AMD Releases the Most Versatile Open Source Platform for GPU Computing INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,180 Forum posts: 2,558,722 Forum threads: 246,623 Currently active users: 503 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Sign In / Sign Up Sign In Sign Up New User Show navigation Hide navigation Home Jobswitch Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Blogs Planning Room Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Showcase Media Television Print Out of Home Digital Below The Line Radio Media Briefs Directories Case Studies Latest Advertising Marketing Media Digital Events Online Videos Dollar Club Hot hai boss Manyavar Virat Kohli ki ladkiwalo se demand Join us on Facebook Get latest news on advertising, media and marketing Job Switch Post your resume here Video ad tech company Unruly enters India By afaqs! news bureau , afaqs!, Mumbai | In Digital | October 12, 2016 22SHARES The video ad tech company, which helps brands get their videos seen and shared, has opened shop in Delhi and Mumbai. The video ad tech company Unruly, whose mobile ad formats help advertisers connect more effectively with audiences across the web, has moved into Dow Jones's offices in New Delhi and Mumbai. Unruly, acquired by News Corp last year, employs 300 people across 20 locations worldwide. The company, which has unique tools that help brands spread their videos, has run video campaigns in India since 2007, delivering until now, over 130 video campaigns for brands such as Diageo, Intel, and Unilever, remotely from its offices in Europe, North America, and Singapore. The move marks the video tech platform's continuing investment into the APAC region. According to a recent Unruly survey, Indian consumers like ads more than other consumers in the world, with 62 per cent of viewers saying they like seeing ads for products and services they like as compared to the global average of 28 per cent. Phil Townend, Unruly's chief commercial officer, APAC, says, "India is the next frontier in digital advertising growth. Unruly is perfectly placed to help Indian advertisers as they begin to shift ad dollars away from traditional channels and into digital. Our evidence-based approach to video content testing and amplification minimises risk and increases certainty for leading advertisers in the Indian market. Our mobile formats, distributed through our viewable video SSP UnrulyX, also help advertisers connect more authentically, intimately, and effectively with audiences across India." Vijay Kunduri, Unruly's commercial director for ASEAN and India, and who is leading the launch, adds, "We've been laying the ground for the full launch for over a year, making sure that all our tools, services, and products have been customised especially for the Indian market. Unruly's unique end-to-end video content marketing and distribution solution fills a much-needed gap in the market." The Unruly Future Video Survey also found that while Indian audiences are very receptive to online video ads, user experience and control are key factors. As per the findings, Indians are more likely to want to be in control of video ads than the global average. While the global average is 62 per cent, 71 per cent Indian consumers say they want to be able to control when the ad starts to play and close it whenever they want. As for ad blocking software, 83 per cent Indian consumers would consider using it. While 53 per cent consumers want to block ads because they think there are too many, 52 per cent want to do so as they are sick of seeing the same ad over and over again. Kunduri adds, "Unruly uses polite outstream formats to engage, not enrage consumers. This is particularly vital in a market where the vast majority of viewers want to be in control of ads and the majority of people are watching ads on their mobiles." 22SHARES Follow afaqs! Search Tags Unruly Video tech Related Articles Social media at the heart of brands' strategy in India: TNS study Digital Viacom18 launches three new HD channels, Colors Kannada HD, Colors Marathi HD, and Colors Bangla HD Media Stay Updated with Us Top 10 Stories Last Week Last Month Last Year The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in Octob... Digital Sulekha.com rides the rap route in its first long ... Digital Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it? Advertising Microsoft Surface discovers the non-starry side of... Media McDonald's celebrates its 20 years in India with a... Advertising Reliance Entertainment launches 'Chillx', a multil... Digital M&C Saatchi Mobile debuts in India Digital "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos... Advertising "In the midst of all this clutter, we are trying t... Media Publishing Mogae Media buys Ao1 personalised video platform Media Publishing Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it? Advertising "We've already taken the biggest risk there was": ... Media Publishing Why are Tapsee Pannu, Priya Bapat, Neeti Mohan, Su... Digital Can an overweight comedian sell a beauty cream? Advertising Sasha Versus Shah Rukh: Can Airtel outshout Jio? Advertising What happens to brand recall when the same celebri... Advertising The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in Octob... Digital Sulekha.com rides the rap route in its first long ... Digital When Amitabh Bachchan turned 'Rapper Thakur' for T... Advertising Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor... Marketing Bajaj V: A piece of INS Vikrant in your bike Advertising Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising afaqs! Throwback: Meet 'The Airtel Girl': Rakul Pr... Advertising "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos... Advertising Meet the New Airtel Girl: Sasha Chettri Advertising Who's Afraid Of Baba Ramdev's Patanjali? Marketing "We don't have a fruit for a logo," shouts Microma... Advertising Sony LIV launches Hollywood library Digital Meet Team Vermillion: The agency behind Baba Ramde... Advertising 5 / 10❬❭ Current Issue Issue November 1-15 2016 Current Issue Home About us Advertise Register Contact us Sitemap Service Agreement Quantum Code Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Advertising Creative Showcase News Interviews Account Movements Push Money App Media Latest News Television Print OOH Digital BTL Radio Media Briefs Interviews JobSwitch All Vacancies Top Employer Charter Members Post Resume Events Digies 2016 afaqs! Foxglove Awards 2016 Brand Owners' Summit afaqs! Buzziest Brands 2016 Unmetro, Delhi-2015 Brand Owner's Summit Healthcare Brand Summit Mobile.Nxt Follow us on: Get afaqs! in Your Inbox Copyright © 2016 afaqs!. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 24 November 2016. 6pm 08 December 2016. 6pm 12 January 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 24 November 2016. 6pm 08 December 2016. 6pm 12 January 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CNSX COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX ISDX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market Briefing: The benchmark FTSE 100 index closed lower following a decline in crude oil and mining sector stocks Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:31 12 Oct 2016 Proactive Investors, October 12 2016 UK Market Snapshot UK markets ended mixed yesterday. The benchmark FTSE 100 index closed lower following a decline in crude oil and mining sector stocks. Royal Dutch Shell and BP slid 0.7% and 1.6%, respectively, as crude oil prices retreated. Miners, Rio Tinto, Fresnillo and Glencore shed 1.9%, 2.3% and 2.7%, respectively. Old Mutual tumbled 5.5%, as the South African Rand weakened after nation’s Finance Minister, Pravin Gordhan, was summoned to present in court next month on fraud charges. On the positive side, Whitbread, Marks & Spencer Group and Next climbed 3.2%, 3.3% and 3.9%, respectively. Housebuilders, Barratt Developments and Taylor Wimpey advanced 1.9% and 2.7%, respectively. Burberry Group gained 2.5%, after France’s LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton reported upbeat sales for the third quarter and the first nine months of the year. The FTSE 100 dipped 0.4%, to close at 7,070.9, while the FTSE 250 rose 0.5%, to settle at 18,073.2. US Market Snapshot US markets closed in negative territory yesterday, amid a disappointing start to the third quarter earnings season by Alcoa. Illumina sank 24.8%, after it reported lower than expected sales for the third quarter due to decline in demand for its high-speed genetic sequencers. Alcoa plummeted 11.4%, as the former reported downbeat results for the third quarter. Tech shares, Intel and Micron Technology lost 2.0% and 3.7%, respectively. On the contrary, LPL Financial Holdings surged 6.9%, after reports indicated that the financial services company has hired Goldman Sachs Group, down 1.2%, to assist it in exploring a sale. The S&P 500 shed 1.2%, to settle at 2,136.7. The DJIA dipped 1.1%, to settle at 18,128.7, while the NASDAQ slid 1.5%, to close at 5,246.8. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets finished lower yesterday, dragged down by a slump in energy producers. Statoil, Technip and Eni slid 1.5%, 1.7% and 1.9%, respectively, amid losses in crude oil prices. Airbus Group lost 2.4%, after it announced plans to cut the assembly rate of its A380 superjumbo to one aircraft per month by 2018. Bucking the trend, LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton climbed 4.5%, after its sales for the third quarter beat market analysts’ estimates, helped by its Asian market and perfumes business. Other luxury stocks, Cie Financiere Richemont, Swatch Group and Christian Dior advanced 3.6%, 4.1% and 4.9%, respectively. The FTSEurofirst 300 index slipped 0.6%, to close at 1,342.2. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 eased 0.4%, to close at 10,577.2, while the French CAC-40 shed 0.6%, to settle at 4,471.7. Asia Market Snapshot Markets in Asia are trading lower this morning, tracking an overnight loss in their US counterparts. In Japan, DeNA, JFE Holdings and Denka have tumbled 3.1%, 4.4% and 5.5%, respectively. Hisamitsu Pharmaceutical has declined 3.5%, after it reported a fall in its operating profit for the first half compared to the previous year period. On the brighter side, PC Depot has surged 10.9%, after a decline in its September sales was seen as a bottom by some investors expecting a rebound.  In Hong Kong, energy producers, CNOOC and PetroChina have dropped 1.5% and 2.0%, respectively. In South Korea, Samsung Electronics has lost 1.7%, after the former permanently halted production and sales of its troubled Galaxy Note 7 smartphone. The Nikkei 225 index is trading 0.6% lower at 16,926.3. The Hang Seng index is trading 1.1% down at 23,295.8, while the Kospi index is trading 0.1% lower at 2,030.5. Commodity, Currency and Fixed Income Snapshots Crude Oil At 0330GMT today, Brent Crude Oil one month futures contract is trading 0.36% or $0.19 higher at $52.60 per barrel, ahead of the American Petroleum Institute’s weekly oil inventory data, scheduled to be released later today Yesterday, the contract fell 1.37% or $0.73, to settle at $52.41 per barrel, after the International Energy Agency (IEA) reported that OPEC increased its crude output by 160,000 barrels per day to a record 33.64 million barrels a day in September. Also, the agency stated that global crude oil supplies rose by 600,000 barrels per day in September to reach 97.2 million barrels a day. Gold At 0330GMT today, Gold futures contract is trading 0.21% or $2.70 higher at $1258.60 per ounce. Yesterday, the contract declined 0.36% or $4.50, to settle at $1255.90 per ounce, amid a strength in the US Dollar. Currency At 0330GMT today, the EUR is trading a tad lower against the USD at $1.1051, ahead of the Euro-zone industrial production data for August, set to release in a few hours. Yesterday, the EUR weakened 0.76% versus the USD, to close at $1.1054. Data showed that the Euro-zone and German ZEW economic sentiment rose more than expected for October. At 0330GMT today, the GBP is trading 1.40% higher against the USD at $1.2293, ahead of the UK RICS housing price balance data for September, slated to release later today. Also, the US FOMC minutes, scheduled to release today, will be closely monitored by investors. Yesterday, the GBP declined 1.93% versus the USD, to close at $1.2123. Other macro data showed that the US labour market conditions index unexpectedly dropped in September. Fixed Income In the US, long term treasury prices fell and pushed yields higher, following a broad sell-off in the US equities and commodities. Yesterday, yield on 10-year notes climbed 4 basis points to 1.77%, while yield on 2-year notes gained 4 basis points to 0.87%. Meanwhile, 30-year bond yield advanced 4 basis points to 2.50%. Key Economic News Euro-zone economic sentiment index rose in October Compared to a level of 5.40 in the prior month the economic sentiment index recorded a rise to 12.30 in the Eurozone, in October. German economic sentiment index climbed in October In Germany, the economic sentiment index registered a rise to 6.20 in October, higher than market expectations of a rise to a level of 4.00. In the previous month, the economic sentiment index had recorded a level of 0.50. German current situation index climbed in October The current situation index advanced to 59.50 in October, in Germany, compared to a level of 55.10 in the prior month. Markets were expecting the current situation index to rise to 55.50. US Redbook index fell in the last week In the week ended 07 October 2016, on a monthly basis, the seasonally adjusted Redbook index in the US registered a drop of 0.20%. The Redbook index had fallen 0.40% in the previous week. US Redbook index rose in the last week The Redbook index recorded a rise of 0.50% on an annual basis, in the week ended 07 October 2016, in the US. The Redbook index had risen 1.30% in the previous week. US small business optimism index dropped unexpectedly in September The small business optimism index eased unexpectedly to 94.10 in the US, in September, compared to a level of 94.40 in the previous month. Market expectation was for the small business optimism index to climb to 95.00. Canadian housing starts recorded a rise in September The seasonally adjusted housing starts climbed to 220.60 K in Canada, in September, compared to a revised reading of 182.40 K in the prior month. Market anticipation was for housing starts to rise to a level of 190.00 K. Japanese corporate bankruptcies declined in September In Japan, corporate bankruptcies slid 3.41% on an annual basis, in September. Corporate bankruptcies had registered a rise of 14.87% in the prior month. Japanese Eco Watchers Survey for future outlook advanced in September In September, Eco Watchers Survey for the future outlook in Japan recorded a rise to 48.50, higher than market expectations of an advance to a level of 48.00. In the prior month, Eco Watchers Survey for the future outlook had recorded a reading of 47.40. Japanese machinery orders rose more than expected in August Machinery orders rose 11.60% on a YoY basis in August, in Japan, more than market expectations for a rise of 7.90%. Machinery orders had registered a rise of 5.20% in the previous month. Japanese machinery orders declined less than expected in August In August, machinery orders fell 2.20% on a monthly basis in Japan, lower than market expectations for a fall of 4.70%. Machinery orders had climbed 4.90% in the prior month. Japanese Eco Watchers Survey for current situation fell unexpectedly in September In September, Eco Watchers Survey for the current situation in Japan dropped unexpectedly to a level of 44.80, compared to market expectations of a rise to a level of 45.80. Eco Watchers Survey for the current situation had registered a reading of 45.60 in the previous month. Proactive Investors Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2016 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
  Home BM Berita Tempatan Pandu Uji Rencana Khas 中文 Malaysian News Car Reviews Features Spyshots Pricelist Cars for Sale Bikes Local Bike News Bike Reviews Videos Walk-Arounds Video Reviews Driven Tech Watches Tools Car Loan Calculator Road Tax Calculator Insurance Calculator Car Market Value Guide Home » Cars » Toyota named as world’s most valuable automotive brand in Interbrand’s 2016 Best Global Brands list Toyota named as world’s most valuable automotive brand in Interbrand’s 2016 Best Global Brands list In Cars, International News / By Gerard Lye / 12 October 2016 3:54 pm / 30 comments According to the 2016 Interbrand Best Global Brands list, Toyota is the world’s most valuable automotive brand, beating the likes of IBM, Samsung and Amazon. The Japanese carmaker also managed to become the first Asian company and only carmaker to reach a top-five spot on the list, with Interbrand estimates placing Toyota’s brand value at US$53.58 billion (up 9% from last year). Only Microsoft, Coca Cola, Google and Apple are ahead of the carmaker. Moving further down the list is Mercedes-Benz, which occupies the ninth spot with a brand value of US$43.49 billion. This is followed by BMW, which took the 11th spot (USD$ 41.535 billion), ahead of McDonald’s, Disney, Intel, Facebook and Nike. The 21st most valuable automaker brand is Honda, with a brand value of US$22.106 billion, besting the likes of Pepsi, Ikea and Zara, despite a 4% decline from 2015. Ford meanwhile, took the 33rd spot, followed by Hyundai (35), Audi (38), Volkswagen (40), Nissan (43), and Porsche (50). Click to enlarge As for carmakers in the second half of the top-100 list, Kia took the 69th spot, followed by Land Rover (78) and MINI (88). Making its first entry into the Interbrand ranking is Tesla, occupying the last spot with a brand value of US$4.011 billion. To be included in Interbrand’s Best Global Brands, a company must meet several terms, where at least 30% of its revenue must come from outside of the its home region. Furthermore, the brand must have a significant presence in Asia, Europe, and North America as well as broad geographic coverage in emerging markets. There must also be adequate publicly available data on the brand’s financial performance, and any economic profit must be expected to be positive over the longer term, delivering a return above the brand’s cost of capital. Lastly, the brand must have a public profile and awareness across the major economies of the world.   Originating from the corporate world with a background in finance and economics, Gerard’s strong love for cars led him to take the plunge into the automotive media industry. It was only then did he realise that there are more things to a car than just horsepower count.   Related Stories All 30 Comments Ms Check Pick on Oct 12, 2016 at 4:16 pm Yeah,world’s ‘most valuable car brands except Malaysia’..to be exact.Surprisingly Honda is in the list.Must be a great contribution of Malaysian support.As usual,Malaysian won’t follow others as we value our own appreciation towards honest and generous company,not by popularity on other countries.UMW and TMC Japan,change your attitude on marketing your product as we Malaysian dare and brave enough to be different than the rest of the world to not supporting you.We value our hard earned money more than you know it. Like or Dislike: 14  8 Reply Mr Check Pick on Oct 13, 2016 at 1:26 am Are you joking? Malaysia is just a small fraction of the revenue. There’s a reason why Toyota is named as No 1 automaker in the world. In Bolehland, people don’t think long term. Just thinking about short term, cheap but more features. No consideration about its quality and reliability in the long terms. Like or Dislike: 6  3 Reply VGT on Oct 13, 2016 at 5:22 am Toyota is not even a brand! The cars are ugly, CHR looks like rhino with thick folded skin Like or Dislike: 3  5 Reply VVTI on Oct 14, 2016 at 11:03 pm Then what is brand? Please enlighten me Like or Dislike: 2  0 Reply OrdinaryResident on Oct 12, 2016 at 4:28 pm Where is our lovely Proton and Perodoa? Like or Dislike: 5  1 Reply v100 on Oct 13, 2016 at 5:13 am Mostly for local market, kid Now go study or you only can afford kapchai Like or Dislike: 0  1 Reply javfan on Oct 12, 2016 at 4:31 pm ehh… I thought honda is the best brand in the world :( Like or Dislike: 4  6 Reply Albert on Oct 12, 2016 at 4:34 pm Why is Toyota number 1 worldwide but not in BOLEHLAND? wHY HAS hONDA OVERTAKEN tOYOTA here? Answer: Superduper premium pricing plus TULANG specs,from UMW. Like or Dislike: 8  2 Reply John Wick on Oct 14, 2016 at 2:33 pm The price is control by government, you idiot. If not, Protong can’t survive to beat with other company & that’s why goverment increase tax to make it more expensive than Protong. Without help from goverment, Protong already gulung tikar long time ago. That’s why goverment give 1.5 Billions to cap ayam company. Perodua will still survive because under Daihatsu/Toyota plus they still doing better without goverment help. If Protong not exist long time ago, all the car in Malaysia become cheaper. Try compare with other neighbour country for the price because they also didn’t have own local car. Like or Dislike: 0  0 Reply Kelvin Kong on Oct 12, 2016 at 4:43 pm Wow… hyundai >(35) Like or Dislike: 2  0 Reply Albert on Oct 12, 2016 at 4:55 pm Congrats all Toyota owners, World’s Most Valuable! Vios, Altis, Camry, Hilux confirm plus guarantee got chop Most Valuable Auto! Like or Dislike: 10  0 Reply karam singh on Oct 12, 2016 at 10:13 pm I don’t agree. Toyota is hardly believable. Honda is the best. With VTEC engines. 6 airbags. Beautiful sports cars. Crx, nsx, crz. Strong resale value for old honda accord and civic. Like or Dislike: 4  12 Reply halimy on Oct 12, 2016 at 5:01 pm Some dumb @$$ will probably comment here asking where is Proton and Perodua’s names in the list Like or Dislike: 6  4 Reply dpillai on Oct 12, 2016 at 9:49 pm Why U worry Like or Dislike: 1  0 Reply very worry = VW on Oct 13, 2016 at 5:18 am Do you see anyone is worry? Like or Dislike: 0  0 Reply Mikey on Oct 12, 2016 at 5:13 pm There you have it. After all the bashing & complaining, TOYOTA is still the No ONE in terms of most valuable in the world. Like or Dislike: 13  1 Reply Mikey on Oct 12, 2016 at 5:16 pm Next up, I will not be surprise if the C-HR voted as the best car in the world one way or another due to its Good looks & Toyota reliability. Like or Dislike: 8  2 Reply fugley on Oct 13, 2016 at 5:19 am It’s ugly, why you say it’s good look? Like or Dislike: 0  3 Reply Newcomer on Oct 12, 2016 at 5:26 pm Toyota global, not UMW Malaysia Like or Dislike: 1  1 Reply citizen on Oct 12, 2016 at 5:56 pm Toyota 7th most powerful and expensive brand in the world and number 1 automotive brand in the world and some people in Proton/ DRB comment here that their cars are better than Toyota and Toyota close shop!!!!!!! this is the joke of the century. grow up Proton and learn to be humble like Japanese. Like or Dislike: 16  11 Reply Nosushi on Oct 12, 2016 at 8:56 pm Of course p1 better. Better safety with hpf, cheaper parts, better safety gadgets per price better handling. In b4 honda wave much cheaper Like or Dislike: 5  6 Reply bbb on Oct 12, 2016 at 5:59 pm Meanwhile, in bolehland buyers still pay high price for safety Like or Dislike: 1  1 Reply Jimmy on Oct 12, 2016 at 6:15 pm Hermes is No 34. Many highly desirable luxurious brands are not in the top 100. Do not think that you are a Buddha/God/Jesus when you drive a Mercedes, No. 9 — top ten. No fanatic Christians/Buddhists will punish me for using these names. Obama/FBI will not arrest me when I visit USA in North America. Be open-minded and progress. Like or Dislike: 2  2 Reply hailthepurist on Oct 12, 2016 at 6:26 pm jepunis overlord never fail.. Like or Dislike: 0  0 Reply john on Oct 12, 2016 at 8:07 pm Except takata. Oh wait, this must be fake jepunis, rite? Like or Dislike: 2  0 Reply Sam Loo (ori1) on Oct 12, 2016 at 8:08 pm As expected. With the demise of Samsung Note 7, Korean names are now synonamous with fire and explosions and the bad taste is permeating into Korean cars as well Like or Dislike: 3  3 Reply john on Oct 13, 2016 at 12:54 am jepunis overlords oso now synonymous with explosion and dead pipu. Like or Dislike: 0  0 Reply FORTEGEES on Oct 13, 2016 at 9:04 am I agree with Ms Check Pick , TOYOTA don’t deserve most valuable brand in Malaysia because Toyota don’t give value to their Malaysian customer, only Brand & RV slave will be keen with their 3rd World Spec & Design. I think RV is no longer the forte of Toyota now, for example my KIA Forte 2010 have the same RV with my friend Toyota VIOS 2012 . Like or Dislike: 0  3 Reply VVTI on Oct 14, 2016 at 11:09 pm Please read the article properly before commenting. It stated in the world, not Malaysia. Why do our people have difficulties comprehend a simple article like this? Like or Dislike: 0  0 Reply FORTEGEES on Oct 13, 2016 at 9:16 am I agree with Ms Check Pick, Toyota don’t deserve to be the most valuable brand in Malaysia, because Toyota don’t give value for money to their Malaysian customer. Only Brand & RV slave will be keen with their Third World Spec and design. Actually high RV is no longer applicable to TOYOTA , as my 2010 KIA Forte have the same RV with my friend 2012 Toyota VIOS. (Or now KIA get higher RV?) Like or Dislike: 0  2 Reply   Add a comment Cancel reply You can either post as a guest or have an option to register. Among the advantages of registering is once a name has been registered, a guest cannot post using that name. If you have an account, please login before commenting. If you wish to have a profile photo next to your name, register at Gravatar using the same e-mail address you use to comment. Your Name required Your Email required Comment     Previous Post: Segoni Oro G800 guna enjin Z800, rangka emas 24 kt Next Post: Produksi Ford Mustang dihentikan buat sementara Search Our Stories       Local Car Launches Mercedes-Benz GLC Coupe makes its Malaysian debut – single GLC 250 4MATIC variant, RM428,888 27th October 2016   Mercedes-Benz GLS 400 4MATIC launched – RM889k 27th October 2016   Mercedes-Benz G-Class facelift launched in Malaysia – Mercedes-AMG G63 Edition 463, RM1,181,888 27th October 2016   Isuzu MU-X Type-S launched in Malaysia – RM176,640 25th October 2016   Isuzu D-Max facelift launched in Malaysia – three trim levels available, eight variants; priced from RM80k 25th October 2016   Chevrolet Colorado – second-gen facelift officially launched in Malaysia, priced from RM100k to RM133k 20th October 2016   Mercedes-Benz C350e plug-in hybrid launched in Malaysia – three trim levels, RM290k to RM300k 5th October 2016   New 2016 Toyota Vios launched in Malaysia – EEV, Dual VVT-i, CVT, VSC standard, RM76,500 – RM96,400 4th October 2016   Mercedes-Benz C-Class Cabriolet launched in Malaysia – C200 RM359k, C250 RM389k, C300 RM444k 29th September 2016   Mercedes-Benz SLC launched in Malaysia – SLC200 at RM398,888, SLC300 AMG Line at RM468,888 29th September 2016                 Home About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms Of Use Disclosure Policy Privacy Policy All Topics Most Popular Posts Thanks for Commenting! :)   Copyright © 2016 Driven Communications Sdn Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
null
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Microsoft Tech HP updates its Spectre x360 with an edge-to-edge screen and bigger battery New, 37 comments The Envy 13 also gets a larger battery by Dan Seifert@dcseifert Oct 12, 2016, 12:01am EDT share tweet Linkedin HP HP is announcing updates to its premium consumer laptops today, including the popular Spectre x360 and the powerful Envy 13. Both laptops gain larger batteries and design updates, while the x360 gets an overhaul that includes a smaller footprint and a new edge-to-edge display. In addition, HP is updating its Envy all-in-one with a refreshed design and Intel’s latest processors. The new Spectre x360 maintains the outgoing version’s ability to rotate the display behind the keyboard, but it has a narrower design thanks to its edge-to-edge display. The new model is a full 11.8mm narrower than before and now has a quad speaker array. HP says the Spectre x360 can now last for up to 15 hours between charges, a 25 percent improvement, thanks to its larger battery and better efficiencies throughout the system. It also has the ability to recharge its battery up to 90 percent in 90 minutes. The Spectre x360 can be outfitted with a seventh-generation Core i5 or Core i7 processor, up to 16GB of RAM, and up to a 1TB SSD. It will be available starting this month for $1,159 and up. HP Envy 13 HP The new Envy 13 isn’t as svelte as the Spectre, but it’s not as expensive either. It is made of aluminum and magnesium and can be outfitted with a full-HD or quad-HD display, with the latter also available as a touchscreen. HP says it fitted a 28 percent larger battery in the new Envy, which gives it up to 14 hours of battery life. (It also has the ability to charge up to 90 percent in 90 minutes.) The Envy 13 will also be available with seventh-generation Core i5 and i7 processors, up to 16GB of RAM, and 1TB of storage. It will start at $849 when it is available later this month. HP Envy all-in-one HP Over in the desktop world, HP’s new Envy all-in-one has a 27-inch quad-HD IPS touchscreen (HP says a 4K option is coming later), 9.5mm bezel on the top and sides, and pedestal design with the computer in the base and the monitor suspended above. It has Intel’s latest Core i5 or i7 processors and can be had with an optional Nvidia GTX950M graphics card. HP will be selling the Envy all-in-one this month starting at $1,249. HP Envy display HP Finally, HP is also updating its Envy Display, a 27-inch 4K monitor. It features an IPS panel with 178 degree viewing angle and 99 percent sRGB color gamut. For ports, it has dual HDMI, dual Display Ports, and a USB-C port for peripherals. HP says the Envy Display will be out this December for $499. Next Up In Circuit Breaker You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week Seagate’s new 5TB drive is the largest portable hard drive ever This dock adds ports to your new MacBook by making it a much thicker MacBook Google’s new Wifi mesh routers are now available for preorder Apple is reportedly releasing two versions of its 5.5-inch iPhone next year Netgear's battery-powered security camera now has LTE Now Trending Google PhotoScan turns your prints into high-quality digital images This tiny supersonic jet could be the next generation Concorde The OnePlus 3T is a souped-up version of the OnePlus 3 DJI introduces Pro edition of its Phantom 4 drone MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This Article has a component height of 23. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Apple Tech Apple Music will stream 808 drum machine documentary first by Rich McCormick Apple has negotiated a deal with the creators of 808 — a documentary about the seminal Roland TR-808 drum machine — for exclusive streaming rights through Apple Music. The documentary will appear on Apple’s music service first, on December 9th,... Tech Facebook Now you can use Facebook Messenger in Android Auto by Rich McCormick Facebook Messenger can now integrate with Android Auto, the social network announced today, allowing users of the infotainment platform to hear and reply to messages from friends while driving their cars. In order to use the new feature, you’ll... New, 3 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week by Nick Statt@nickstatt It may be nigh impossible to purchase Nintendo’s NES Classic Edition console right this very second, with stock shortages and sell outs at Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop and many other retailers. But have hope. Once a day, for a few minutes before... New, 7 comments TL;DR Apple Web Apple’s peach emoji is back to looking like a butt by Megan Farokhmanesh@Megan_Nicolett The nerfed peach butt emoji included as part of Apple’s iOS 10.2 update is gone. As spotted today by The Next Web, the third 10.2 developer beta returns the fruit to its curvaceous glory. The peach emoji is, of course, a go-to for anyone who... Google Tech Google CEO says fake news is a problem and should not be distributed by Colin Lecher In an interview with the BBC, Google CEO Sundar Pichai made his first comments on the post-election fake news controversy, and admitted the company has made some mistakes. “We will definitely work to fix it.” "It is important to remember that we... Apps Mobile Business Snapchat just filed for its IPO by Nick Statt@nickstatt Snap Inc., the parent company of Snapchat, has filed confidentially for its initial public offering, according to a report from Bloomberg. The company is seeking to raise as much as $4 billion, which would give it a valuation of between $25... New, 13 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Wednesday, November 16, 2016 As of 6:27 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Microsoft Surface Pro 5 release date, news & update: October launch a big possibility By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on October 12 2016 2:34 PM 0 0 0 0 A woman checks a Surface tablet as she visits a Microsoft store in Paramus, New Jersey July 8, 2015. Reuters/Eduardo Munoz A Windows 10 event has been announced by Microsoft and it will be held in New York City on Oct. 26. Even though it is uncertain whether the company will launch any device on that day, rumours are rife that the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 will be unveiled along with a new Surface desktop. Previous reports had speculated a 2017 release and that’s also possible if the company wants Intel Kaby Lake processors to be included in the device. A photo posted by a developer revealed a possible 2016-2017 calendar for Microsoft. It looks like a Surface device is “coming soon” in 2016 and three devices in 2017. As ZDNet reported in July, at least one Surface product must be unveiled this year. However, some sources claim that Microsoft may present upgrades to the Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book 2 or reveal an AIO desktop. There’s also another reason why the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 may be unveiled in 2017. It is the Windows Redstone 2 update that is not expected before spring of 2017, writes PCAdvisor. The Kaby Lake processors are reportedly being shipped to manufacturers and Microsoft may take its time to ensure that the Surface Pro 5 receives the Kaby Lake processor and the Redstone 2 update. Microsoft is also expected to end production of Surface 3 by the end of 2016. Hence, it will make room for a new model. There are also rumours circulating about the Surface Pro 5 specs. The Surface Pro Pen may be upgraded with a rechargeable battery that can charge wirelessly when attached to the device. The Microsoft Surface Pro 5 may also be available in 2K and 4K screens. The basic model may come with a 16GB RAM capacity. USB Type-C port is also expected. These ports will help in faster battery charging and data transfer. An updated camera and latest versions of Bluetooth and Wi-fi with MU-MIMO support are also expected. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Microsoft Surface Phone, Surface Pro 5 & Surface AIO desktop release date Apple MacBook Pro 2016 better than Microsoft Surface Pro 5? Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 New 'Doctor Who' in 2018 0 Shares 2 Evidence says US president-elect Donald Trump could be impeached: Law professor 0 Shares 3 Nostradamus from the Balkans predicted the end of US politics as the world has come to know it 0 Shares 4 November supermoon: When, where and how to view from Australia 0 Shares 5 'Outlander' Season 3: Young Jamie cast; Sam Heughan teases photo 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan failed dating attempt 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan promises to answer questions 0 Shares 8 'Star Wars: Episode 8' theory' What Rey's training will entail 0 Shares 9 World War III Update: Did Nostradamus predict Trump’s election & third global war? 0 Shares 10 ‘X Factor Australia’ 2016 latest news: Fans blast Iggy Azalea for Chynna Taylor’s exit; Guy Sebastian may have called Iggy’s vote ‘stupid’ [VIDEOS] 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Domino’s to sell thickshakes and ice cream in cups in July 2017 3rd loss for Johnson & Johnson after St Louis jury awards over $70 million to California woman diagnosed with ovarian cancer Hancock Prospecting says its bid for Kidman cattle business is superior to BBHO’s AT&T to buy Time Warner for $112.25B Woolworths opens its first next generation store in Sydney Apple Pay wins deal with 31 Australian banks, credit unions More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Australia infected by killer clown craze Australian resident sentenced to 20 years in Indonesia for cyanide coffee murder NSW parents sentenced to jail for raping, torturing daughter for 15 years Twitter satirist Fake Stephen Conroy killed in Idaho Chili’s apologises after US veteran’s food taken away by manager on Veterans Day Killer clown stabs woman on leg while at home More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Hobart Test: Proof that South Africa captain Faf du Plessis cheated Australian cricket team is third in history to suffer 5 consecutive losses 2 Brisbane hackers enter North Korea by posing as Australian golf delegation Ronda Rousey announces MMA retirement; Fight with Amanda Nunes ‘one of last fights’ LeBron James has season-high 14 assists, Cavaliers beat Raptors in thriller DeMarcus Cousins trade imminent before deadline More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Google Pixel phone is vulnerable to hacking Apple iOS 10 jailbreak impossible? November supermoon: When, where and how to view from Australia Supermoon November 2016 Australia: When and where to view the 'extra-super moon' The iPhone 7 Plus Full Review: Specs, features and Australian pricing NES Classic Edition: Nintendo promises to restock before the holidays More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘Outlander’: ‘Explore your outer Claire’ says Diana Gabaldon ‘X Factor Australia’ 2016 Top 5 live recap: Judges save Vlado Saric; it’s third time unlucky for Beatz [VIDEOS] 'American Horror Story' Season 6 Episode 10 spoilers: Season finale reveals Lee as the ultimate survivor of ‘Three Days in Hell’ New 'Doctor Who' in 2018 Taylor Swift rebuffs Andy Cohen's suggestion to sit with Katy Perry 'NCIS' Season 14 episode 7 spoilers: ‘Home of the Brave’ tackles immigration issue, provides updates about Tony DiNozzo More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car NASA's Juno Probe Reaches Jupiter Orbit China Begins Military Exercises In South China Sea Jose Mourinho: 'It's A Job Everyone Wants' Dior Unveils Autumn Creations At Paris Haute Couture Week IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
null
