Tuesday , March 7 2017 About Us Advertise With Us Contact ARAB TIMES THE FIRST ENGLISH LANGUAGE DAILY IN FREE KUWAIT Home Kuwait Kuwait Crime International Business Sports Opinion Ahmed Al Jarallah Khalaf Ahmad Al Habtoor Ali Ahmed Al-Baghli Khaled Aljenfawi Yousef Awadh Al-Azmi Insight Ahmed Al Jarallah Ali Ahmed Al-Baghli Insight Khalaf Ahmad Al Habtoor Khaled Aljenfawi Yousef Awadh Al-Azmi So Lebanese President does not reiterate Nasrallah’s arguments 2 hours ago This is our Gulf 1 week ago Muhammad bin Zayed’s gathering: transparency of the ruler and the ruled 1 week ago Destructionists … not MPs 2 weeks ago Demise of a ‘legendary’ fundamentalist terrorist 2 weeks ago Assembly’s Valentine and its Devil 3 weeks ago Tearful aspects of Kuwait corruption 4 weeks ago Respect for presidency … not President 02/02/2017 Nation stuck in trivialities – ‘Development scarce’ 6 days ago Children of Zayed, I salute you 1 week ago Graphite pencil, rubber trees 1 week ago Establishing social clubs in each area need of the hour – If we want this country to survive 2 weeks ago Tackling poverty burning issue 3 weeks ago Trump policies ignite fear, loathing 29/01/2017 Gulf backbone of Arab Nation 17/01/2017 Obama’s perfidious parting gift to Iran 15/01/2017 ‘Govt should impose blanket ban on the entry of criminals’ – ‘Increase raids, arrest illegals’ 20/06/2016 ‘Righteousness, decency can be acquired by any person’ – ‘God created man as one’ 13/06/2016 ‘Inbred intolerance tough to overcome in Mideast’ 06/06/2016 ‘Petty criminals cannot tarnish residents image’ – ‘Deport law-breaking expats’ 30/05/2016 Nine o’clock prime news 2 hours ago Social media … benefits & drawbacks 2 weeks ago Libya and its lost years 2 weeks ago Difficult life of a refugee – Adventure ends in uncertainty 3 weeks ago Legal Clinic Entertainment Health E-Paper Zain joins ‘TIP’ to develop next-generation telecom infrastructure 1 hour ago Initiative co-founded by Facebook, Intel, Nokia, SK Telecom, Deutsche Telecom and others Scott Gegenheimer and Zain HQ building BARCELONA, Kuwait City, March 6: During last week’s Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Zain Group, the leading mobile telecom innovator in eight markets across the Middle East and Africa, announced that it has joined the Telecom Infra Project, (TIP), an initiative co-founded by Facebook, Intel, Nokia, SK Telecom, Deutsche Telekom and others in 2016. The primary aim of TIP is to bring mobile operators, infrastructure providers, system integrators, and other technology companies together to collaborate on the development of new technologies and reimagine traditional approaches to building and deploying telecom network infrastructure. Operators and the broader telecom industry need to collaborate, be more fl exible, innovative and efficient, and TIP looks to help achieve this goal. As a pioneer in telecommunications in the Middle East and Africa, Zain brings vast expertise and resources to the initiative as it will leverage its regional footprint and experience in network deployments across challenging territories to support TIP. TIP is exploring new approaches and technologies across these initial focus areas: access, backhaul, and core and management. The projects within these areas utilize the unique engineering and operational expertise of each member, focusing on developing new technologies and exploring new approaches to deployment in both developed and emerging markets. Each member contributes to the area of its expertise, while learning from others so that together all parties can collaborate and build better, faster, more efficient systems. Commenting on becoming a part of the TIP initiative, Scott Gegenheimer, Zain Group CEO said, “It could be argued that scaling traditional telecom infrastructure to meet the ever-increasing demand for broadband data is not moving as fast as it needs to ensure customers receive the mobile experience they demand and deserve. Zain recognizes there isn’t a single solution for this, and that no one company can tackle the problem alone. We firmly believe collaboration in innovation will drive efficiencies in our business and we are keen to be part of such prime opportunities wherever they may arise.” Gegenheimer continued, “Being a staunch advocate of the expansion of connectivity for all, Zain fully appreciates the power the internet has to enhance and empower the communities it serves. There are 4 billion people in the world who still don’t have a data connection and we commend Facebook and the other founding companies for kick-starting TIP. We have high expectations that this initiative will result in bridging the digital divide by greater inclusion, and call on for more of our regional and industry peers to join us in this initiative.” Since the launch of TIP in February 2016, the initiative has achieved numerous milestones including the creation of ‘TIP Ecosystem Acceleration Centers’ that incubate local talent around the world and accelerate product development through support from leading global and local investors. A ‘People and Process Project Group’ was also created in order to develop and share cultural and process transformation best practices that can improve operators’ key metrics. In addition, Facebook contributed Voyager, the industry’s first white-box transponder and IP/MPLS routing solution that was successfully tested. Furthermore, Facebook’s Open- Cellular designs and schematics are now fully open source within TIP to accelerate the industry’s ability to provide wireless access in remote areas of the world. Driving a faster pace of innovation in telecom infrastructure is necessary to meet new technology challenges and to unlock new opportunities for everyone in the ecosystem. Flexibility will be key in everything TIP does though and the goal is to allow mobile network systems to evolve without having to start over. Zain, together with other leading industry entities across the globe, are committed to exploring new technologies and approaches that will positively impact mobile users of today and the future. Share Zain 2017-03-07 Arab Times Previous EQUATE wins RC 14001: 2015 certification – First petrochemical firm in the Middle East to obtain accreditation Next Mercedes-Benz E-Class Coupé arriving soon in Kuwait Related Articles Zain wins prestigious GSMA award – Group honored with ‘Outstanding Contribution to Mobile Industry Award’ 6 days ago Zain concludes main sponsor of Kuwait Int’l Arabian Horse Fest – Event under the patronage of His Highness the Amir 2 weeks ago Zain net profit up 2%, revenues at $3.6bn – Board proposes cash dividend of 35 fils/share 2 weeks ago Zain and iflix establish joint venture, iflix Arabia – JV to bring world-class Internet TV service to region 3 weeks ago Zain launches latest offer: ‘New Offer Every Week’ – Campaign to share joys of national festivities 3 weeks ago Kuwait notches modest ‘gains’ in volatile trade – Zain drops 15 fils; KIPCO flat 3 weeks ago Check Also Zain strategic partner of 9th International Invention Fair – Event held under the patronage of HH Amir Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah KUWAIT CITY, Jan 17: Zain, the leading telecommunications company in Kuwait, announced its strategic partnership … Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. E – Paper Most Popular Kuwaitization of 80,000 jobs possible - Manpower focus on private sector ‘Increase in health fees for expats remains on agenda’ - Plan to launch IVF centers: Minister ‘e-Renewal’ of residence seen Offices ‘supplying’ Filipino domestic help exploiting public: Report Sponsor offers Filipino maid cash to drop beating case Indian techi held for stealing, selling computers Kuwaiti sponsor agrees to pay Sri Lankan maid 4 years salary Oil & Gas company doesn't pay salaries on time - 6 months salary in balance Filipinos welcome new labor attaché Kuwait Bay in serious danger, campaign chief warns officials - Series of violations recorded: Al-Shatti Login Remember Me Register Lost your password? © Copyright 2017, Arab Times Kuwait - All Rights Reserved
All News | Boards | Chips | Devices | Software | LinuxDevices.com Archive | About | Contact | Subscribe Follow LinuxGizmos: (get email updates) Search LinuxGizmos: Search LinuxGizmos.com + LinuxDevices Archive: LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Top 10 trending posts… 3.5-inch Skylake SBC offers 4x SATA, 4x PCIe, and 5x USB 3.0 Low-cost COM/baseboard combo taps power-sipping -A5 SoC Ringing in 2017 with 90 hacker-friendly single board computers MontaVista updates CGX Linux distro for 5G and IoT Linux hacker board has WiFi, BT, GbE, 8GB eMMC, and $30 price Secure Android phone offers confidential and casual modes Virtual thin client builds on Raspberry Pi 3, offers HD streaming, dual displays AM335x module gains carrier board Android/Linux and Windows/Linux PDAs fund on Indiegogo Kaby Lake-S module offers extensive display, GbE, USB, SATA, and PCIe I/O Follow LinuxGizmos or subscribe to our posts: Follow: Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts: Email Address LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) 3.5-inch Skylake SBC offers 4x SATA, 4x PCIe, and 5x USB 3.0 Mar 6, 2017 — by Eric Brown — 314 views ADL’s Linux-friendly, 3.5-inch “ADLQ170HDS” SBC offers Intel’s 6th Gen Core CPUs with extended temp support and plenty of of SATA 3, PCIe, and USB 3.0. ADL Embedded Solutions announced a 3.5-inch “ADLQ170HDS” SBC, joining other ADL 3.5-inch entries such as the Intel Atom E3800-based ADLE3800HD. This time Intel’s 6th Gen “Skylake-U” Core CPUs are on tap. Other 3.5-inch Skylake-U boards include Commell’s LE-37G and Aaeon’s GENE-SKU6. ADLQ170HDS (click image to enlarge) The ADLQ170HDS supports quad- and dual-core Skylake-U Core chips with TDPs of 35W and under. The chips are available in an LGA1151 socket, and are accompanied by an Intel Q170HDS chipset. Drivers are available for Linux and Windows. The SBC would appear to offer the standard 146 x 102mm dimensions of the 3.5-inch format, and is available in 20 to 70°C or -40 to 85°C models. The board is touted for its “high MTBF, long-life availability, hardware and firmware revision control, obsolescence management, technical, engineering, and design support.” The ADLQ170HDS is designed for a variety of embedded applications ranging from border security to drone payload computing, according to ADL. Mostly these are non-multimedia industrial applications with a focus on storage. The board lacks LVDS or audio I/O, and is limited to a coastline DVI-I/HDMI 1.4 port and an IPEX interface for DVI/HDMI/DP, with the latter supporting up to 4K resolution. On the other hand, ADL’s board supports up to 32GB DDR4 — twice that of the Commell and Aaeon competition, although the standard SKUs are listed at 8GB and 16GB. It also offers 4x SATA III interfaces, compared to Commell’s dual SATA connections and Aaeon’s SATA and mSATA ports. You get 4x PCIe interfaces, but there are no standard mini-PCIe slots, which are found on the other boards. There is, however, an optional expansion daughter card that includes 3x mini-PCIe slots and an M.2 Key-B with SATA support. Like its competitors, the ADLQ170HDS offers dual GbE ports and 4x coastline USB 3.0 ports, and it also supplies one more 3.0 interface and 6x USB 2.0 connections internally. Other features, however, are limited to a serial port, 8-bit GPIO, a watchdog, and TPM 2.0 security. Optional accessories include a heat spreader, heatsink, cable kit, and a 37mm high standoff kit. The following specifications are listed for the ADLQ170HDS: Processor — Intel Core “Skylake-U” dual- and quad-core CPUs (<35W TDP); LGA1151 socket; Intel Q170HDS chipset Memory — Up to 32GB DDR4-2133 via 2x SODIMM sockets Storage — 4x SATA 3.0 (6Gbps) with RAID 0/1/5/10 Display: DVI-I/HDMI 1.4 port (up to 2560 x 1600 @60Hz with HDMI) DVI/HDMI/DisplayPort IPEX port (up to 4096 x 2304 @60Hz with DP) Networking — 2x Gigabit Ethernet ports (1x with PXE boot and WoL) Other I/O: 5x USB 3.0 (4x ports, 1x IPEX) 6x USB 2.0 interfaces RS-232 port 8-bit GPIO Expansion — 4x PCIe x1 interfaces; optional mini-PCIe/M.2 daughter card Other features — Watchdog; TPM 2.0 Power — 3.3V, 5V, 5VS (12V for fan) Dimensions — 3.5-inch form factor Operating temperature — -20 to 70°C or -40 to 85°C Operating system – Linux and Windows drivers   Further information No pricing or availability information was provided for the ADLQ170HDS SBC. More information may be found on ADL’s ADLQ170HDS product page.   Related posts: 3.5-inch SBC expands upon Skylake-H 3.5-inch SBC features Intel Skylake CPUs, dual GbE, dual… 15W Skylake SBCs include Mini-ITX, Nano-ITX, and 3.5-inch Fanless Mini-ITX SBC packs high-end Intel Skylake SoCs NAS-targeted Skylake Mini-ITX loads up on SATA, GbE, PCIe Skylake-H Mini-ITX SBC has 4 GbE, 4 USB 3.0, and 3 HD video… Mini-ITX triplets run Fedora on Skylake Industrial focused Mini-ITX board packs Skylake punch Embedded oriented Mini-ITX board packs serious Skylake-S… Expansive Mini-ITX board runs Linux on Skylake (advertise here) PLEASE COMMENT BELOW Please comment here... Cancel reply (advertise here) The content on this site is copyright © 2007-2017 Rick Lehrbaum unless otherwise noted. Comments are the property of their submitters. Content originally published on LinuxDevices is Copyright © 1999-2017 QuinStreet Inc. and is reproduced here under license from its owner. LinuxGizmos is part of the DeviceGuru Blog Network. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Contact us | Privacy policy | Terms of use | About us | RSS feed
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Atomic  »  Feature Hands-on Preview: Star Trek: Bridge Crew by David Hollingworth  |  Tuesday 7 March 2017  | Comment Now Ubisoft is boldly going where no virtual reality developer has gone before. A lot of VR games at this stage of development are taking two tacks when it comes to how they work. They're either games wed normally play on a flatscreen, but which in VR we can now look around in, like flight sims and racing games; or they're one-trick gimmicks, like Eagle Flight (the elevator pitch is basically "You're a bird in Paris"). What we're really waiting for, are the games that do something truly unique, in a way we've never even considered before. What we're really waiting for, is a game like Star Trek: Bridge Crew. Intel had a demo of the game up and running at the Intel Extreme Masters in Poland, and while others raced toward the Virtuix Omni treadmill, or the sailboard setup (which was pretty awesome, I admit), I only had eyes for getting onto the bridge of a starship. The demo in question was pretty limited - it was only for one person, and it only ran for about ten minutes. But it's a testament to how damn good it was - despite some flaws, which we'll get to - that when I'm back in Sydney, I'm going to order a pair of Touch controllers for my Rift headset. I have to admit this - I am a dyed in the wool Trekkie. I grew up watching TOS re-runs with my mum in the 70s, discovered what I still call 'My Star Trek' with TNG in the 80s, adored what DS9 did with the setting later, and was enthralled with Enterprise. Voyager? Not so much. The movies? Hell, I even like the reboots. I've a couple of uniforms, I roleplay and write Star Trek games... I love it. So, I may be a little biased. In fact, when the bridge of the USS Aegis appeared around me, I got a little emotional. I have imagined being a bridge officer for almost as long as I can remember, and just being able to look around the bridge was amazing. But in Bridge Crew you do far more than look. The demo gave me a brief time with all four of the main bridge stations - engineering, helm, tactical, and of course the captain's seat. There was a very brief tutorial of each station's role, then a chance to fiddle with some virtual knobs, before you moved on the next station. To call it a tantalising, teasing taste of what's to come is an understatement. The game will be released on all three major VR platforms - PSVR, Vive, and Rift, but you will absolutely need controllers - so make that upgrade to your Rift now, Iike I'm doing. Between the buttons on the controller, and the trigger, you get a surprisingly deft amount of control over each touch-screen station. In fact, one of the best effects in the game is when you take your index fingers off the trigger, and they then point on your virtual hands - it effectively mirrors your natural movement, so you can use precise controls. Sure, the lack of actual feedback was a touch distracting, and I would recommend not trying to touch your virtual finger-tips together (the sensation when your 'hands' 'touch' and you can't feel it is... odd to the say the least), but it offered an amazing sense of presence. The other great thing about how places you on the bridge is that your avatar is always seated, so when you look down, and see your virtual body, with your legs tucked under your panel, it feels natural. Look around, and you'll see your crewmates, too.  I can't think of another VR game that has offered such a thrilling sense of presence, and when the full version releases, and you can crew up with three other players, this will be a remarkable experience, as you follow your captain's orders, facing various threats as you explore a region of the galaxy known only as The Trench. I will admit, it's not perfect. In particular, the relatively low res, at least on the Rift, is a distraction, and it can make the controls and displays hard to read, which is a vital part of the game. Too, it doesn't help that we're used to seeing this sets in high resolution on the films; it's jarring to see these bright, clean stations (the game is set in the Klevin timeline, so if you dislike the design of that setting you're out of luck) so pixellated. Similarly, I know, when I'm playing captain, that I'm going to have to resist physically getting up to peer over the shoulder of one of my crew. I kind of want to see a version of this game that uses room-scale VR, because that would be just about the best thing - but at least, this way, the game plays on all the platforms, which is far better than it relying on a single one. It's also a game you'll want to play with some space around you, as bumping into things is supremely distracting. If you do VR at your computer desk, make sure you push back for a lot of room.  Also - and I hope this is a demo thing - the translation of movement in game, and actually managing to manipulate controls was more than a little... hit and miss. I suspect that's down to this being setup for a big show, with lots of people using it. It would be hard to keep everything synced up, and with your own rig play it will likely track movements far more more precisely. Still, as a promise of what's to come, I'm super-excited. Not only will this game finally take Star Trek fans where no one has gone before, but it takes VR in a similar direction. This is the game that every Trekkie needs to play.   Related Articles Interview: Frank Soqui, Intel's General Manager of Virtual Reality Review: Oculus Touch gets you hands on in virtual worlds Review: Google Daydream View virtual reality headset One Minute Review: Alcatel Idol 4S goes virtual Review: Insta360 Nano Source: Copyright © Hyper Magazine. All rights reserved. See more about:  bridge crew  |  review  |  star trek  |  virtual reality   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Friday Linky Links: The Return!     Wii hardly knew U     15 weird wars we want to see represented in game form     The phone bed is the most ludicrous product you'll see today     SpaceX promises internet for all, with a little help from 4,425 satellites   More in Atomic (1 of 10 articles) FEATURE Hands-on Preview: Star Trek: Bridge Crew << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (2 of 10 articles) FEATURE Interview: Frank Soqui, Intel's General Manager of Virtual Reality << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (3 of 10 articles) GALLERY Intel Extreme Masters' Expo show floor << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (4 of 10 articles) NEWS First Look: A detailed analysis of AMD's new Ryzen CPUs << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (5 of 10 articles) NEWS VR gets cheaper with big Oculus Rift and Touch price drops << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Nvidia's new GTX 1080 Ti is a ripsnorter - 35% faster than a standard 1080 and faster than a Titan X! << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (7 of 10 articles) FEATURE How to: Build a silent PC << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Friday Linky Links: The Return! << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Asrock gets on the Ryzen mobo bandwagon << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (10 of 10 articles) NEWS AMD announces Australian Ryzen pricing << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Atomic News First Look: A detailed analysis of AMD's new Ryzen CPUs Review Review: Samsung 960 Evo SSD Feature Hands-on Preview: Star Trek: Bridge Crew Group Test Group Test: X99 Motherboards shift into top gear Gallery Intel Extreme Masters' Expo show floor From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Beware of fake 'ASIC' email carrying ransomware 15in MacBook Pro vs Dell XPS 15: laptop showdown Veeam channel celebrates at ProPartner Awards in Sydney DWS to acquire SMS Management and Technology, valued at $124 million The 20 coolest products revealed at Mobile World Conference 2017 Cisco and Ingram Micro partners cook up a storm with celebrity chef Luke Mangan Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 NBN Co starts replacing FTTN in network rollout Exclusive: NBN Co's three-year construction plan Two of Australia's biggest IT providers to merge AWS outage takes out high-profile sites 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege The First 100 Days of Civilization VI 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup Six and out: Don Bradman Cricket 17 steps on its own wicket About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 March 2017 by Military News Global Esports Superstars Come to Sydney This May to Kick Off Intel® Extreme Masters Season 12 Two-Day Global Esports Event Pits World’s Best Pro Teams Against Australia’s Finest; AUD$260,000 on the Line (Sydney, Australia) – March 7, 2017 – Intel® Extreme Masters, the longest running global pro gaming tour in the world, is coming to Australia for the first time this May, debuting in Sydney. The elite gaming competition will see world-class Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO) teams compete live in Sydney’s Qudos Bank Arena on May 6 and 7, for a record prize pool of AUD$260,000. The line-up of top CS:GO teams invited to compete at Intel Extreme Masters Sydney is headed by SK Gaming, the best team of 2016 and winners of two $1,000,000 CS:GO Majors, including the ESL One Cologne Major in August, and runners up at the ESL Pro League Finals in Sao Paulo in November and Intel Extreme Masters Oakland in November. Local heroes Renegades, who are widely considered to be Australia and New Zealand’s most successful team, will return to the region to compete in front of a home crowd. „Having been to five different continents is a badge of honor for our historic competition,” said Michal Blicharz, VP Pro Gaming at ESL. „Australia has been an attractive market for us as part of our global expansion of the Intel Extreme Masters brand. We look forward to bringing Intel Extreme Masters to new global audiences and making history for esports in Australia.” “Bringing an industry-leading event to Australia is an exciting opportunity as we have some of the most passionate esports enthusiasts in the world,” said Nick Vanzetti, Managing Director of ESL Australia. “The prestige and legacy the Intel Extreme Masters brand brings mixed with the world’s best players is the perfect recipe for a historic weekend in esports.” “Intel has a long history with the esports community and we’re always looking for ways to give gamers the first opportunities with amazing new gaming experiences,” said Frank Soqui, general manager of the Virtual Reality and Gaming Group at Intel. “Intel Extreme Masters is the perfect venue for Intel to bring our gaming and VR products directly to the gaming community around the world. We are proud, honored and can’t wait to kick off Intel Extreme Masters in Australia.” The addition of Australia as part of the circuit comes in what is IEM’s 12th season, with Sydney being the first stop on the global tour. The event in Sydney will bring the world’s best Counter-Strike: Global Offensive players to the stage, making it the first time that esports has been elevated to the spectacle synonymous with major European, North American and Asian events. Attendees of Intel Extreme Masters Sydney will have a unique opportunity to watch the world’s best compete live on stage, paired with on-site fan experiences that will include player signing sessions, giveaways from partners and sponsors, as well as Meet & Greet opportunities for players and fans. The Intel Experience Zone will showcase the latest games and gadgets, along with Intel’s suite of gaming and VR-ready products, including the new 7th Generation Intel® Core™ processors, and an array of free-play machines, for those who want to fully immerse themselves in the gaming and esports experience. Ticketing information Telstra is offering their customers an exclusive Telstra Thanks pre-sale from 9am AEDT Thursday March 9 to 8pm AEDT Sunday March 12, 2017. For more details regarding the pre-sale, please visit www.telstra.com/sport ESL CS:GO Fan Club members will also receive pre-sale access during this time. The general public will have the opportunity to purchase tickets from 10am AEDT Monday March 13, 2017. For all ticketing information, head to www.ticketek.com.au For more information, follow Intel Extreme Masters on Twitter and Facebook and visit the official Intel Extreme Masters website at www.intelextrememasters.com/sydney. Media contacts For media enquiries, press passes and further information about Intel Extreme Masters Sydney, please contact: ESL Communications: Christopher Flato, c.flato@eslgaming.com Double Jump, on behalf of ESL Australia: jordan@doublejump.com.au iem2017@doublejump.com.au Zebra PR, on behalf of Intel: Sean Maggard, sean@zebrapartners.net Press Kit and Assets Announcement Trailer ### About Intel® Extreme Masters Intel® Extreme Masters is the longest running global pro gaming tour in the world. Started in 2006 by ESL, the competition features Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, StarCraft II, and League of Legends tournaments in Europe, Asia, North and South America. ESL’s online broadcast of the Intel Extreme Masters reaches over 40 million viewers on Twitch each season. www.intelextrememasters.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsfront, general, Home and Garden, honor, Industry, major, Markets, Sports, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Shazam lance une première solution de réalité augmentée à grande échelle pour les marques du monde entier Next PostNext Bifold Doors Becoming Even More Popular in Perth Search Recent Posts Over Two Thirds of Women Globally Are Not Very Optimistic about Women Achieving Gender Equality in Five Years Dois Terços das Mulheres Globalmente Não São Otimistas Sobre Igualdade de Gênero nos Proximos Cinco Anos Dois Terços das Mulheres Globalmente Não São Otimistas Sobre Igualdade de Gênero nos Proximos Cinco Anos Confidas helps intermediaries tackle under insurance in the MNW sector with enhanced Home Max offering Coursera Expands in European Enterprise Learning Market With New Customers Proudly powered by WordPress
Home | Reviews | Guides | Contest | Case Gallery | Newsletter | IRC Chat | Forums Community Donate to OCC [email protected] [email protected] Misc. Areas About Us Employment Overclocking FAQ OCC Clothing Follow Us! Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Feeds Google Currents Welcome Stranger to OCC!Login | Register Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K Processor Review ccokeman    -   March 6, 2017 Category: CPU's Price: $169 » Discuss this article (0) More Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K Introduction: There was a time in the not to distant past that Intel was looking to deliver an unlocked dual-core processor on the cheap for the enthusiast without the budget to hit the 1K price point of the Extreme series or even between the $3-$400 price points of the mainstream lineup. What we found when testing these Clarkdale overclocking enabled processors was that they offered up decent gaming performance when compared to the high end processors of the time. But then again, games were not as readily optimized to use more than one core at a time. Fast forward to 2017 with the Kaby Lake launch back on January 3, and Intel is looking to rekindle this magic with the Core i3 7350K. We took a look at the top dog inthe product stack, the Core i7 7700K, and found that the IPC improvements, high end clock speeds, and overclocking abilities added up to some serious firepower in the mid range. Priced at $169, the Core i3 7350K is in a strange position with a Core i5 7400 sitting just a scant $20 away to give you a bit more cache and potential. Without a Core i5 7400 to test against, we will see where the performance of this entry point into overclocking CPU falls performance wise and if it can game with the best of the processors on the market. Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K Closer Look: Intel's 7th Generation processors code named Kaby Lake are built on Intel's 14nm+ process. The Core series will consist of quad-core and dual-core variants with and without Hyper Threading, depending on the SKU. The Core i3 7350K is one of the dual-core versions with Hyper Threading that allows the end user to access up to four threads at one time for improved performance. The die shot below is representative of the Core i7 7700K, but with the Core i3 7350K we would see a little less hardware in the package. The Intel 200 Series chipset for the enthusiast will wrap around the Z270 chipset. While there are several others for different usage scenarios, I will focus my look on the Z270 chipset, as it's built for use with Intel 6th and 7th Generation Core series overclocking enabled SKU's in mind. Taking a look around the block diagram shows that there are 16x PCIe 3.0 lanes dedicated for discrete graphics, with support for up to three displays and Thunderbolt connectivity. There are a total of 24 PCIe 3.0 lanes available. Support for peripheral connectivity includes up to 10 USB 3.0 ports, 14 USB 2.0 ports, six SATA 6Gb/s ports, Intel I219-V gigabit LAN connectivity, a new Intel High Definition sound solution that uses an integrated digital signal processor, dual channel memory support, and Intel's latest storage solutions. A couple new additions to the feature set come to fruition with the 7th Generation processors and 200 Series chipset. Optane Memory will be a quick access memory to improve performance and responsiveness when it hits the market. Hardware level security options make its way to the table to further reduce the exposure of the system.     The Core i3 7350K features a baseline clock speed of 4.2GHz, but does not employ Turbo Boost technology to dynamically raise the core clock frequency; rather, it swtches between the low power and full power states. That equates to roughly 800MHz or 4200MHz. As an interesting part of the product stack, the dual-core with Hyper Threading Core i3 7350K features a lower amount of L3 cache than the next step up, the Core i5 7400. One more interesting note is that the Core i3 7350K is the only processor in the product stack to feature a 60W TDP. The rest of the stack include 35W, 51W, 65W, and 91W processors. The graphics capabilities of this processor and pretty much the whole of the "S" series Kaby Lake product stack rely on Intel HD 630 graphics running at 1150MHz. It's not the Iris Pro line, but an enthusiast or power user usually will be using a discrete card for their graphics fix anyhow. Memory support for this platform will be dual channel DDR4 with speeds up to 2400MHz officially supported and DDR3 officially supported at speeds up to 1600MHz. Knowing the kind of memory speeds that Skylake could hit, Kaby Lake should prove to be every bit as capable in this respect.     We have fewer cores than the Core i5 and Core i7 on this overclocking enabled processor. Can the lower amount of L3 shared cache and higher clock speed deliver the kind of performance needed to deliver performance on a budget? Let's find out. --- Article Quick Nav ---1 » Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K: Introduction & Closer Look2 » Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K: Specifications & Features3 » Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K Testing: Setup & Overclocking4 » Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K Testing: Apophysis, WinRAR, Geekbench, Bibble 55 » Intel 7th Generation Core 3 7350K Testing: Office 2010, POV Ray, ProShow Gold, HandBrake6 » Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K Testing: SiSoft Sandra, AIDA 647 » Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K Testing: Cinebench R15, HW Bot X.265, PCMark 8.28 » Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K Testing: Gaming9 » Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K: Conclusion Next page » Article Index Email Link Print Article Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K: Introduction & Closer Look Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K: Specifications & Features Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K Testing: Setup & Overclocking Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K Testing: Apophysis, WinRAR, Geekbench, Bibble 5 Intel 7th Generation Core 3 7350K Testing: Office 2010, POV Ray, ProShow Gold, HandBrake Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K Testing: SiSoft Sandra, AIDA 64 Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K Testing: Cinebench R15, HW Bot X.265, PCMark 8.2 Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K Testing: Gaming Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K: Conclusion Related Products Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K Processor Review Recent Articles Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K Processor Review AMD Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X, and 1700 Processor Review ASUS ROG Maximus IX Formula Review Galactic Civilizations III v2.0 Review Anonabox FAWKES Tor Router Review MSI Z270 SLI PLUS Review NEST Protect and NEST Learning Thermostat Review OCC's Top 3 Video Cards of 2016 Watch_Dogs 2 Performance Analysis GTX 1070 Overclocking Guide » all reviews Forum Posts Backlight bleed ASUS Maximus IX Formula Ryzen 1700X PC Build Help Intel 7th Generation Core i3 7350K Processor Reviewed NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Benchmarks Leaked Latest News NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Benchmarks Leaked IBM Announces Plans to Build Universal Quantum Computing Systems Hardware Roundup: Monday, March 6, 2017, Edition Amazon Explains S3 Internet Outage G.SKILL Announces DDR4 RAM for AMD Ryzen Systems Hardware Roundup: Friday, March 3, 2017, Edition More AMD Ryzen CPUs on the Way Hardware Roundup: Thursday, March 2, 2017, Edition AMD Ryzen Benchmarks Posted Ahead of Release Random Pic Click to enlarge Most Popular Articles AMD Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X, and 1700 Processor Review MSI Z270 SLI PLUS Review Galactic Civilizations III v2.0 Review ASUS ROG Maximus IX Formula Review Anonabox FAWKES Tor Router Review Latest Comments Firefox Gets a 64-bit Version for Windows [6] Repairing Nerves with 3D Printed Guides [1] Valve Announces the Vive VR Headset, Built by HTC [1] Sony Announces Premium Sound Memory Card [1] NVIDIA Hit With Class Action Lawsuit Over GTX 970 Memory Issue [1] Predicting the Past in Quantum Mechanics [1] Equation Group Spying Software Found on Hard Drives Across the World [3] Super Bowl Halftime Show Powered by MAINGEAR System with Four GeForce GTX Titan Z GPUs [3] Fake Facebook Porn Links Infect Over 110,000 Users with Trojan in Just Two Days [1] ContactReview RequestsForumsAdvertiseOCC Logos and Banners © 2001-2017 Overclockers Club ® Privacy Policy Elapsed: 0.0281631947   (xlweb1)
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Dell doubles down on high-end Ubuntu Linux laptops Developers know Dell has a great Ubuntu Linux powered programmer's laptop, the XPS 13. Few people know that Dell also offers Ubuntu on its high-end Precision mobile workstation line. By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols for Linux and Open Source | March 7, 2017 -- 01:27 GMT (17:27 PST) | Topic: Hardware CEO and founder of Dell, Michael Dell, has long been a Linux supporter. By 2007, under his guidance, Dell became the first major OEM to offer a laptop with pre-installed Linux. His Linux of choice? Ubuntu Linux. Ten years later, Dell is still selling Ubuntu Linux-powered laptops. With the option of Xeon processors, up to 64GBs of RAM, and TBs of storage, Dell Precision 5720 will be a Linux developer or engineer's dream come true. The best known of these is the Dell XPS 13 developer edition, but it's not the only Linux laptop Dell offers. Read this 31 ways to improve your iPhone's battery life For enterprise, mobile devices about to become irrelevant Ten reasons to still consider a basic flip phone in today's smartphone world In a blog post, Barton George, senior principal engineer at Dell's Office of the CTO, announced "the next generation of our Ubuntu-based Precision mobile workstation line." All of these systems boast Ubuntu 16.04 long-term support (LTS), 7th generation Intel Core or Intel Xeon processors, and Thunderbolt 3, AKA 40 Gigabit per second (Gbps) USB-C, ports. As the Xeon processor option shows, these are top-of-the-line laptops for professionals. It took longer than expected for Dell to get this new set of five Ubuntu-powered Precision mobile workstations out the door. The Precision 5520 and 3520 are now available. To see their Ubuntu option, go to each laptop's page and click on customize and buy. The 3520, the entry-level workstation, starts with an Intel Core 2.5GHz i5-7300HQ Quad Core processor with Intel HD Graphics 630. From there, you can upgrade it all the way to an Intel Core Xeon 3 GHz E3-1505M v6 processor with Nvidia Quadro M62 graphics. For RAM, it starts with 4GBs and can be raised up to 16GBs of error correcting code (ECC) memory. ECC RAM is for when you absolutely can't afford any memory mistakes. For storage, the 3520 begins at a 500GB hard drive and zooms up from there to a 2TB hard drive or a 1TB solid-state drive (SSD). Its 15.6 display has a maximum resolution of 1,366 by 768. This model's price is currently $897.50. That's $101.50 less than the same machine with Windows 10 Pro. Yes, that's right. At long, long last, you can get a Linux laptop from a mainline vendor without paying the "Windows tax". The 5520 is Dell's lightest 15" mobile workstation. Its default configuration starts with an Intel Core 2.8GHz i5-7440HQ Quad Core processor with Intel HD Graphics 630. You can upgrade the graphics with Nvidia's new Quadro M1200 graphics and 4GBs of video RAM. On the memory front, it begins at 8GBs of RAM and can go up to 32GBs. For storage, this workstation starts at a 500GB hard drive and can be ramped up to either a 2TB hard drive or several different 1TB SSDs. You have two display choices: A 15.6 1,920 x 780 or a 3,840 x 2,160 screen for an extra $299. The price starts at $1,297.50. Again, this is just over $100 cheaper than the same model with Windows 10 Pro. The other Dell Ubuntu workstations on their way are the Precision 7520 and 7720. These should be out within the next few weeks. The full specifications for these aren't out yet. It's believed the 7720 will offer an Intel Kaby Lake processor. George called it the "world's most powerful mobile workstation". Both machines also offer Xeon processors. The 7520 will come with a 15.6" display, while the heftier 7720 will offer a 17.3" display. Both offer NVIDIA Quadro and AMD Radeon Pro graphics options. Each system can have up to 64GBs of RAM. Yes, I said, 64. The 7520 maxes out at 3TBs of storage, while the 7720 can hold up to 4TBs of storage. Prices will be high, but you're also getting more power than you can get from any other current standard laptop. Finally, the all-in-one desktop, the Precision 5720, will be out in April. This model comes with a 4K 27" display, powered by the 7th Generation Intel Core or a Xeon E3-1200 v6 series processor. It can also handle up to 64GBs of RAM. For storage, the sky's the limit with slots for a M.2 PCIe SSD and a pair of 2.5" SATA drives. Last but not least, it also comes with the option of AMD Radeon Pro graphics. Its price tag is also unknown, but it's safe to assume it won't be cheap. None of these are machines for casual users, but if you're a pro and your work demands the best possible hardware, it will be hard to beat them. Let me just add that my birthday isn't that far away (OK, so it's six months out, sue me), and I'd be happy to have any of these in my office. Related Stories: 2017's best Linux laptop: The latest Dell XPS 13 Litebook launches $249 Linux laptop How my new laptop illustrates one of the best things about Linux Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Hardware Windows 2-in-1 devices lead tablet sales increase in Australia Amazon Amazon could hammer the final nail into the iPad's coffin Hardware New Amazon Echo device to make phone calls: Report Hardware Top 10 multitools and pocket tools × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Unfiltered Opinion      Microsoft And Steelcase Finally Begin To Obsolesce Cubicle Hell Related Content Topic :  A Big Market for Big Data Jobs  If you think there isn’t a connection between home improvement and Big Data, reconsider, because Big Data is becoming a part of just about every major industry. Blog :  Mismatch in Incentives Gives Cybercriminals an Edge Article :  Cybersecurity Ventures Top 50 Security Companies to Watch Microsoft and Steelcase Finally Begin to Obsolesce Cubicle Hell Rob Enderle |   Unfiltered Opinion   |   Posted 06 Mar, 2017          |         |     Share I hate cubicles with a passion and I know I’m not the only one. The guy who came up with the idea of the cubicle went to his grave hating them worse than I do. They were supposed to be emergency office space, something to be used as a result of a crisis or disaster, not something folks had to effectively live in for hours on end. A few years back, Conan O’Brien visited Intel and compared its cubicle farm to hell. Intel redid the entire floor after he left. Way back in 2007, I saw progress to address this cubicle problem but, sadly, progress hasn’t been what I’d hoped. Well, apparently Steelcase, which sells a ton of cubicles, along with Microsoft, got the memo. They are collaborating on making a line of office furniture and accessories that could actually make you want to come in to work again. Cubicle Hell I think the most memorable cubicle experience I ever had was going to a now shut-down IBM site in San Jose, where the accounting and HR folks were put into a beautiful, new, all-glass building, but not allowed to see the view. You see, some executive thought that people would fight to get a cubicle by a window so they put a walkway around the perimeter of the building and walled it off so no one could actually see outside. Except for the top floor, where the executives had expansive views of the valley in their well-appointed offices. The top folks got a view; the folks who did the work got something like eight stories of above-ground basement and fluorescent light. I had a nice big office with no windows and it felt like being locked in solitary confinement for the day. I only spent a couple of years at that site, but thinking back, it felt like more than a decade. IBM was hardly alone. The cubicle mentality ranged, and still ranges, from small to large companies. And largely because firms are heavily cost focused, and didn’t seem to care that much about productivity, or at least, couldn’t measure it as well, the executives focused on the costs they could see and not the productivity they couldn’t. However, with the application of analytics, suddenly firms are coming to grips with problems associated with excess absence, sickness and mental health issues tied to slamming people into fluorescent lighted hell pits for weeks on end. Fortunately, also, a few of these executives who came out of these pits had something called “empathy” and also felt motivated to fix the problems. Microsoft and Steelcase Solutions Microsoft and Steelcase are proposing something closer to open-plan designs. Yes, they do have a version of cubicles, but their version has low walls. This allows employees to see out into the building and not feel walled off; they are less likely to feel they are in a space smaller than would be legally allowed for criminals in solitary confinement. You’ll notice standing desks as part of the proposal. I have a Steelcase treadmill desk myself that I should likely use more often, but these things are life savers because, increasingly, we are connecting chronic health problems to folks sitting too much. Offices have windows so that people can see out and feel a stronger part of the working community, and collaboration spaces are less like large versions of walled boxes and more conducive to people actually working with each other rather than talking at each other. The Microsoft Surface Hub stands out as a major part of this and it is uniquely designed to make people who are remote feel more like they are part of the collaborative process. On Surface, it is interesting to note that Steelcase has created unique micro-cubicle desks specifically for those who are hoteling or need some privacy, specifically designed for products similar to the Surface like 2-in-1 laptops and optimized for the unique kickstand that partially defines that product. You can see an example of this type of work space at the bottom of this page. Wrapping Up: Work Spaces Influence Employee Health We’re having issues with younger and older working people. Young people coming in and facing cubicles and a strict work ethic are having surprisingly high rates of mental health issues, and those who have been sitting on their butts for most of their careers are having a whole host of medical problems, all of which are dramatically reducing productivity and raising medical insurance costs. Microsoft and Steelcase appear to be recognizing this problem and moving to address it, hopefully both with offerings to their customers and changes to their own working environments. In the end, I think that every firm should take a look around and realize it is time to recognize and step up to addressing this problem and end the pervasive hell of traditional cubicle farms and windowless offices. Maybe then, fewer people will end up feeling like Joe in this clip. I’m sure more than one of us can identify with Joe’s departing words and that is just sad. Rob Enderle is President and Principal Analyst of the Enderle Group, a forward-looking emerging technology advisory firm.  With over 30 years’ experience in emerging technologies, he has provided regional and global companies with guidance in how to better target customer needs; create new business opportunities; anticipate technology changes; select vendors and products; and present their products in the best possible light. Rob covers the technology industry broadly. Before founding the Enderle Group, Rob was the Senior Research Fellow for Forrester Research and the Giga Information Group, and held senior positions at IBM and ROLM. Follow Rob on Twitter @enderle, on Facebook and on Google+            |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Pico-itx * Single board computer * Axiomtek * More Tags... Industry News * Computers * More Industries... News By Place * City of Industry   California   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Axiomtek's Announces the Highly Expandable and Feature-rich PICO312 Axiomtek releases the PICO312, a fanless and compact Pico-ITX single board computer for video intensive applications     Axiomtek's new PICO312   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Pico-itx • Single board computer • Axiomtek Industry: • Computers Location: • City of Industry - California - US Subject: • ProductsCITY OF INDUSTRY, Calif. - March 6, 2017 - PRLog -- Axiomtek, one of the world's leading designers and manufacturers of innovative, high performance and reliable PC-based industrial computer products, is proud to announce the PICO312, a palm-sized fanless Pico-ITX motherboard featuring the latest 14 nm quad-core Intel® Pentium® N4200 or dual-core Celeron® N3350 processors. This 2.5" Pico-ITX embedded board features the Intel® Gen9 graphics engine to bring a true high definition visual experience to with dual display configurations through one LVDS and a choice of one VGA or HDMI. Additionally, this fanless embedded motherboard was designed for operational efficiency in rugged architecture with a wide operating temperature range of -20°C to +60°C. The compact size of the PICO312 ensures that it can fit into a variety of space constricting environments. This embedded SBC is excellent for any media editing, imaging, graphics and video intensive applications that are in industrial Internet of Things (IoT) field. "Axiomtek's new 2.5" PICO312 features a full-size PCI Express Mini Card slot in support of mSATA and a pair of expansion connectors for an additional I/O board for additional signals including one PCIe x1 lane, one LPC, one DDI, four USB 3.0 ports, one SMBus and one HD audio - giving this SBC high expandability options to meet various communication requirements," said Product Manager Ken Lin. The PICO312 comes with extensive expandability options including one USB 2.0 port, one Gigabit Ethernet (built-in Intel® Ethernet controller i211AT), and one SATA-600 interface. To ensure reliable operation, this Pico-ITX 2.5" motherboard also utilizes advantages of a Watchdog Timer to detect and recover from computer malfunctions and to monitor temperature, voltage, fan speed, and more. This motherboard also comes with one 204-pin DDR3L-1867 SO-DIMM socket supporting system memory up to 8GB. Furthermore, the PICO312 comes with an I2C bus for communication protocol to connect Axiomtek's battery solutions with AXView - Axiomtek's intelligent remote management software - to monitor battery status for complete reliability. Axiomtek's PICO312 will be available in soon. For more product information or pricing, please visit http://us.axiomtek.com/ or contact a sales representative at solutions@axiomtek.com. Axiomtek has more than 25 years of experience in design-in services and customized thermal solutions, embedded software supports, and modularized accessories to meet the different levels of customized services. To facilitate quick access to up-to-date documents to customers, the Axiomtek Technical Portal, Axiomtek's web-based support service, allows users to download technical design guides, mechanical 2D/3D drawings, and software utilities. Main Features - Intel® Pentium® N4200 and Celeron® N3350 processors - OneDDR3L-1867 SO-DIMM max. up to 8GB - One USB 2.0 and one Gigabit LAN port - One Full-size PCI Express Mini Card slot with mSATA supported - Expansion connectors for I/O board (one PCIe x1 lane, LPC, SMBus, DDI, USB 3.0 and audio signals) - Fanless and noiseless operation - Wide operating temperature range of -20°C to +60°C About Axiomtek Co., Ltd. Axiomtek Co., Ltd. established in 1990, is one of the world's leading designers/manufacturers of PC-based industrial computer products. From its roots as a turnkey systems integrator specializing in data acquisition and control systems, Axiomtek has mirrored the PC and IoT evolutions by shifting its focus toward the design and manufacture of PC-based industrial solutions and value-added services for different industries including, transportation, medical, industrial automation, power utilities and renewable energy, digital signage, network appliances, gaming, retail/POS/Kiosks. It has more than 60 distributor partners globally. Axiomtek offers industrial PCs, single board computers and system on modules, fanless and rugged embedded systems, intelligent transportation systems, EtherCAT Master Controllers, IoT gateway devices, touch panel computers, medical grade PCs, digital signage OPS players, industrial network and network appliances and casino gaming platforms. Axiomtek USA headquarters is located in City of Industry, Calif. Established in 1994, the subsidiary incorporates product integration and logistics as well as a wide range of service offerings including design assistance, technical support and return merchandise assistance. Axiomtek Systems in Methuen, MA, was formed in 2012 after its acquisition. It has added its high level of expertise on COTS integration and a variety of value-added services to Axiomtek USA's comprehensive suite of capabilities. Axiomtek USA has become the premier value-added service provider for systems integration assistance and project management. As an associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things Solutions Alliance, Axiomtek continuously develops and delivers cutting edge solutions based on the latest Intel® platforms. Contact Axiomtek 6265813232 solutions@axiomtek.com End Source : Axiomtek Email : ***@axiomtek.com Tags : Pico-itx, Single board computer, Axiomtek Industry : Computers Location : City of Industry - California - United States Subject : Products Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse AXIOMTEK PRs Axiomtek Launches the GOT3217W-845-PCT – A Slim-type, Multi-touch Widescreen 21.5" Panel PC Axiomtek unveils the eBOX640-500-FL – a High Performance Embedded Box PC with User-Friendly Design Axiomtek's 19" Industrial Touch Panel PC for Kiosk Applications and HMI use – the P1197E-500 Axiomtek's Micro-sized DIN-rail Embedded Controller for Entry Level IIoT Applications- ICO100-839 Axiomtek's CAPA500- One of the Most Advanced 3.5" Embedded Boards in the market Trending News Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine Reunion Book Celebrates 'Thirtysomething' 30th Anniversary Income& Named a Finalist in First Annual LendIt Awards CatWise Cat Café Tour Presented by Wellness® Natural Pet Food at Brooklyn Cat Café Energy Battery Group Reveals Dates and Venue for its Annual Meeting and Convention Top Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Top Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views Top Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Top Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views PTC News Northwood Estates Coming Soon, Join VIP List - 434 views Cavium to Showcase Extensive Portfolio of Solutions for 5G Infrastructure at MWC 2017 - 311 views Lennar's Heritage Vineyard Creek Grand Opens Saturday, March 4 - 306 views Lennar's Mariposa at The Lakes Grand Opens With Success - 240 views Lennar's The Grove Grand Opens with success - 230 views Mar 06, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo MWC 2017 News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo MWC 2017 News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Of course the Pixel 2 is coming, and so is a ‘budget’ Google Phone Subhrojit MallickMar 7, 2017, 01.28 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit GoogleImage Credit Continue reading Now that Google has established its hardware debut as a straightaway success, the Mountain View giant is already hard at work on a successor, and, in all probability, a budget phone which if it comes out of its prototype stage, could be launched in emerging markets including India. 9to5Google reports that like last year’s Pixel, Google is putting in significant effort on the camera in the Pixel 2. The phone’s camera might not pack a lot of pixels but that will be compensated by special features. As for the hardware inside, the website reports that Google is working in tandem with chipmakers like Qualcomm and Intel and even MediaTek although not anymore. Apparently, Google is testing some Pixel 2 prototypes with Snapdragon 83X chips and others with Intel chipsets. In addition, Google has also allegedly developed a custom chipset although it’s not confirmed at this point whether the company will actually be using it on the Pixel 2. It could also feature enhanced waterproofing. As a result, the Pixel 2 could be priced higher than its predecessor. In addition to this, the report also states that a prototype Pixel 2B is under development which could be released either together or after the Pixel 2 has been launched. In all probability, this could be Google’s budget offering with a lower price and mid-range hardware. And it won’t necessarily carry the Pixel branding as Google SVP of Hardware, Rick Osterloh has emphasised that “Pixel stays premium”. The phone would of course be aimed at the emerging markets in line Google’s goal of bringing the “Google experience and the Google Phone to emerging markets.” Despite all the information, the report states multiple times that the facts gathered are subject to change as the phone is in its early stage of development. Like every other rumour, we advise you to take this story with a pinch of salt. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: SmartphonesPixel 2Google PixelGoogleBudget Google PhoneAndroid One Follow Gizmodo onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to GizmodoWrite for Us Next Story iPhone 7 and 7 Plus gets major discounts along with iPhone 6 32GB More from this author Now use your credit/debit card via your Samsung smartphone in India India will lead smartphone adoption globally in the next four years: GSMA Xiaomi Mi 6 may launch on April 16: Everything we know Related stories Google Pixel starts strong in India 5 ways Google Pixel kicks the iPhone 7’s butt What to expect from Google Pixel phone event? AI?  The Google Pixel Is the Smartest Phone I've Ever Held Let's see how the Xiaomi Mi Note 2 fares against the Google Pixel XL FROM THE WEB Bollywood actresses most Googled in 2016 CRITICSUNION 20 Richest Actors of the World MediaZoma 8-year-old Mohit won't survive without help! Milaap 7 bollywood celebrities with royal background CRITICSUNION 20 Richest Actors of the World MediaZoma Help this 5-month-old baby girl live! Milaap MORE FROM GIZMODO Delhi Transport Department services go online Xiaomi Mi 6 may launch on April 16: Everything we know Facebook Messenger could soon get a Thumbs-down button Facebook wants to break its Timeline into two Samsung Galaxy S8 leaked in a video once again All of That Pollution In Asia Turns Into Smog In the U.S. You May Like Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas 20 Richest Actors of the World Ad: MediaZoma Indian movies that grossed over 100 crores in 2016 Ad: BOLLYWOODUNION Help this baby get treatment for liver cancer Ad: Milaap Readers! Enjoy Unlimited Magazines @999 Ad: Magzter Top 10 incidents that told Kohli was captaincy material Ad: CRITICSUNION MWC 2017 Best of Mobile World Congress 2017: The six to watch out India will get its own Mobile World Congress this year in September Nokia, Airtel join hands on 5G, IoT applications Niantic teases three Pokémon Go updates this year Editor's Pick Why Progressive Web Apps could be a threat to mobile apps ... Planning to cut the cord this summer? 10 reasons why you shouldn't bother ... Opera browser to be infused with artificial intelligence ... Hot Right Now Reliance Jio Prime plans revealed Now use your credit/debit card via your Samsung smartphone in India Samsung Galaxy A5 and A7 pre-bookings begin in India, prices start from Rs 28,990 Delhi residents can now apply for driver's licenses and more without getting off the couch Best of Mobile World Congress 2017: The six to watch out Google SVP Rick Osterloh: We will go anywhere where innovation requires us to go Samsung Galaxy S8 leaked in a video once again Amitabh Bachchan joins OnePlus as brand ambassador Google Search faces flak over Barack Obama conspiracy theories Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Trending on social Hopefully this is the final Samsung Galaxy S8 leak (and it looks stunning) ... 7 Bollywood celebrities who hail from royal families Ad: CRITICSUNION Nokia 3310 launched, reimagined as a modern classic ... Vodafone, Airtel and Idea hit Jio with their new plans ... Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Asus ZenFone 3S Max ZC521TL - 3GB (Gold) ₹ 15999BUY3GB RAM, 5000mAh Coolpad Mega 2.5D 3GB - (Grey) ₹ 7999BUYFree Back Cover, 3GB YU Yureka Note - 16 GB (Black) ₹ 8999BUY6"HD Display,3GB RAM iPhone 7 and 7 Plus gets major discounts along with iPhone 6 32GB Nintendo Switch is selling like hot cakes Google SVP Rick Osterloh: We will go anywhere where innovation requires us to go Now use your credit/debit card via your Samsung smartphone in India Delhi residents can now apply for driver's licenses and more without getting off the couch Google Search faces flak over Barack Obama conspiracy theories Best of Mobile World Congress 2017: The six to watch out Amitabh Bachchan joins OnePlus as brand ambassador Samsung Galaxy S8 leaked in a video once again 1Of course the Pixel 2 is coming, and so is a ‘budget’ Google Phone 2iPhone 7 and 7 Plus gets major discounts along with iPhone 6 32GB 3Nintendo Switch is selling like hot cakes 4Google SVP Rick Osterloh: We will go anywhere where innovation requires us to go 5Now use your credit/debit card via your Samsung smartphone in India 6Delhi residents can now apply for driver's licenses and more without getting off the couch 7Google Search faces flak over Barack Obama conspiracy theories 8Best of Mobile World Congress 2017: The six to watch out 9Amitabh Bachchan joins OnePlus as brand ambassador 10Samsung Galaxy S8 leaked in a video once again About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • AMD's Ryzen 7 1800X, Ryzen 7 1700X, and Ryzen 7 1700 CPUs reviewed [654] • Sit tight—our Ryzen review is coming soon [139] • Poll: What's the resolution and refresh rate of your gaming monitor? [122] • In the lab: Nvidia's GeForce GTX 1080 Ti graphics card [107] Hot forum threads • Newfound Opinion: Ryzen is the second coming of K7 • Will changing anSSD alter Win10 activation? • i7 7700 vs 7700K • Choosing High End Windows Laptop G.Skill readies up Fortis and Flare X DIMMs for Ryzen by Wayne Manion  10:00 AM on March 3, 2017 Many gerbils who didn't skip to the conclusion in our recent Ryzen review probably picked up on the notion that AMD's octa-core processors are sensitive to memory bandwidth in some applications. Ryzen's core and thread count look ready to take on Intel's high-end Broadwell-E desktop chips, but the dual-channel memory configuration's peak theoretical bandwidth is more in line with Intel's more pedestrian Kaby Lake Core processors. G.Skill probably saw this scenario coming, and it readied up its Fortis and Flare X lines of memory specifically designed and tested for AMD's AM4 platform. G.Skill markets its Fortis memory modules as a cost-effective solution for builders assembling a gaming-focused AM4 system. Fortis modules come in pairs with total capacity of 8GB or 16GB, allowing for four-DIMM configurations of up to 32GB. The 8GB kits are available in 2400 MT/s speed, and the 16 GB kits are offered in 2133, 2400, and 2666 MT/s configurations. The 8GB and 16GB kits 2400 MT/s kits are available with 16-16-16-39 or 17-17-17-39 timings. The company's Flare X modules are designed for maximum performance. G.Skill is currently offering 8GB and 16GB kits of paired modules, but the manufacturer says 32GB kits are on the way, allowing for Ryzen systems with up to 64GB of memory. The currently-shipping configurations are the same as the Fortis series, but G.Skill says 3200 MT/s and 3466 MT/s models are coming. The top-speed modules will only be available in a maximum capacity of 8GB per DIMM, though. The timings for the 2133 MT/s kit are 15-15-15-35 and the 2400 MT/s set is clocked at 16-16-16-39 or 17-17-17-39. Finally, the 2666 MT/s kit is set to 18-18-18-43. We were unable to locate product pages for the Fortis and Flare X memory modules on G.Skill's web site, but they're already selling at Newegg. The 8GB Fortis kits sell for $67 and the 16GB Flare X sets go for $130. Tags: Memory Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Ryzen availability check: all 8 cores and nowhere to put 'em 31 Microsoft will now sell you a Surface Book with no GeForce 22 Researchers use a GeForce GTX 1080 for poker supremacy 14 iFixit teardown reveals the Nintendo Switch's secrets 36 Poll: What's the resolution and refresh rate of your gaming monitor? 122 In the lab: Nvidia's GeForce GTX 1080 Ti graphics card 107 EVGA goes triple-fan with its GTX 1080 Ti FTW3 card 10 Shadow of War PC specs aren't quite as scary as the Nazgûl 28 MSI's GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X enters the ring 5 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS Krogoth Impressed, considering that Ryzen's idle/loaded power consumption is roughly Haswell-E tier (gathered from other reviewers). That is a massive leap fr... +126 Losergamer04 Krogoth impressed. Ryzen success confirmed! +80 tipoo AMD Ryzen Review: Affordable Core Act +71 Jeff Kampman I've updated the pages for Deus Ex and Watch Dogs 2 with data for our full test... +57 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters IBM and Cisco have another crack at converged infrastructure Shopping for PCs? Ding, dong, the Dock is dead in 2017's new models Internet declared a citizen's right for 34 million Indians Come in King Battistelli, your time at the Euro Patent Office is up Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH IBM and Cisco have another crack at converged infrastructure IBM has cloud access to quantum computer 400 times smaller than D-Wave system Solarwinds sends customers each others' complete client lists SwiftStack drops v5.0, says hybrid IT rules OK! Google opens cloudy cannery to let you cram code into containers UK's Virgin Media subscribers suffer fresh email blocking misery Linus Torvalds lashes devs who 'screw all the rules and processes' and send him 'crap' Microsoft wants you to plan a new generation of legacy systems Boffins show Intel's SGX can leak crypto keys That big scary 1.4bn leak was basically nothing but email addresses Shamoon malware spawns even nastier 'StoneDrill' Put down the coffee, stop slacking your app chaps or whatever – and patch Wordpress Big data should be 'part of UK's core national infrastructure' – Civil Service chief exec Hyperconverged market gets hyper-competitive as new riders enter field Cloud industry body sets up new data protection code World to spend US$2.4 TRILLION on tech in 2017 Continuous Lifecycle: Final Countdown for early bird tickets Docker looks big biz in the eye: It's not you, it's EE – Enterprise Edition We're busting open containers at Continuous Lifecycle You're mulling GitHub Enterprise. Not keen on on-prem hosting. You don't totally hate cloud... Policy The Channel Internet declared a citizen's right for 34 million Indians Come in King Battistelli, your time at the Euro Patent Office is up RadioShack bankruptcy savior to file for, you guessed it, bankruptcy Sprint sprints off with $140m from Time Warner after VoIP patent battle Shopping for PCs? Ding, dong, the Dock is dead in 2017's new models Watt the f... Dim smart meters caught simply making up readings YouTube TV will be huge. Apple must respond Did your in-flight entertainment widget suck? It's Panasonic's fault, claims software biz SPB Geek's Guide Raw TRAPPIST-1 data lands tomorrow for crowdsourced hijinks Mars orbiter FLOORS IT to avoid hitting MOON Japan's Venus probe power plight panacea: Turn it off and on again ...and again and again... BONG! Lasers crack Big Ben frequency riddle BONG! No idea what to do with this info BONG! Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Stop the press: Journos not happy losing jobs to journo bots, say journos If we must have an IoT bog roll holder, can we at least make it secure? UK govt's £17.3m AI-boffinry cash injection is just 'a token amount' US military drone goes AWOL, ends up crashing into tree 623 miles away Verity Stob 'Baby, I know your database needs upgrades tonight' RAF pilot sacked for sending Airbus Voyager into sudden dive Has your spouse stayed on after Mobile World Congress? This sex doll brothel might be why Google, what the hell? Search giant wrongly said shop closed down, refused to list the truth More like this Intel Rsa Cryptography Security Boffins show Intel's SGX can leak crypto keys Software Guard Extensions are supposed to hide data. But the 'Prime+Probe attack' fixes that 7 Mar 2017 at 05:58, Richard Chirgwin A researcher who in January helped highlight possible flaws in Intel's Software Guard Extensions' input-output protection is back, this time with malware running inside a protected SGX enclave. Instead of protecting the system, Samuel Weiser and four collaborators of Austria's Graz University of Technology write that the proof-of-concept uses SGX to conceal the malware – and that within five minutes, he can grab RSA keys from SGX enclaves running on the same system. It's the kind of thing SGX is explicitly designed to prevent. SGX is an isolation mechanism that's supposed to keep both code and data from prying eyes, even if a privileged user is malicious. Weiser and his team created a side-channel attack they call “Prime+Probe”, and say it works in a native Intel environment, or across Docker containers. The PoC is specifically designed to recover RSA keys in someone else's enclave in a complex three-step process: first, discovering the location of the victim's cache sets; second, watch the cache sets when the victim triggers an RSA signature computation; and finally, extracting the key. As the paper puts it: We developed the most accurate timing measurement technique currently known for Intel CPUs, perfectly tailored to the hardware. We combined DRAM and cache side channels, to build a novel approach that recovers physical address bits without assumptions on the page size. We attack the RSA implementation of mbedTLS that is used for instance in OpenVPN. The attack succeeds despite protection against sidechannel attacks using a constant-time multiplication primitive. We extract 96 % of a 4096-bit RSA private key from a single Prime+Probe trace and achieve full key recovery from only 11 traces within 5 minutes. The attack even works across different Docker containers, because the Docker engine calls to the same SGX driver for both containers. Docker containers share the same SGX driver Timing: A cryptography side-channel attack needs a high resolution timer, something forbidden in SGX. Weiser and his collaborators combed Intel's specs, and settled on the inc and add instructions, because these have “a latency of 1 cycle and a throughput of 0.25 cycles/instruction when executed with a register as an operand”. To emulate the forbidden timer, the researchers used these x86 instructions: 
mov &counter , %rcx
1: inc %rax
mov %rax , (%rex)
jmp lb
 ”Eviction set" generation: This step is designed to discover virtual addresses “that map to the same cache set”: we scan memory sequentially for an address pair in physical proximity that causes a row conflict. As SGX enclave memory is allocated in a contiguous way we can perform this scan on virtual addresses.” With those two steps completed, Weiser et al worked out how to monitor vulnerable cache sets, looking for the characteristic signature of RSA key calculation. This part of the attack has to happen offline – that is, separately to the cache monitoring that collects the data – because you end up with lots of data that has lots of noise in it (from timing errors, context switching, non-RSA-key activity in the victim's enclave, and CPU timing changes due to power management, and so on). Key recovery comes in three steps. First, traces are preprocessed. Second, a partial key is extracted from each trace. Third, the partial keys are merged to recover the private key. On an SGX-capable Lenovo ThinkPad T460s running Ubuntu 16.10, they found: With 340 trials, their malware was able to find a vulnerable cache set from the 2048 cache sets available; Capturing a trace from the vulnerable cache set took 72 seconds, on average; A single cache trace provided access to 96 per cent of a 4096-bit RSA key, and with 11 traces, the full RSA key is available. The researchers say their attack can be blocked, but the fix will have to come from Intel, because modifications to operating systems risk weakening the SGX model. ® Tips and corrections Post a comment More from The Register 'Geek gene' denied: If you find computer science hard, it's your fault (or your teacher's) And you find it easy, it's through hard work – not a 'gift' 74 Comments Shocker: Computer science graduate wins a top UK political job David Davis doesn't have a PPE degree – and is now our Brexit Secretary 62 Comments US computer-science classes churn out cut-n-paste slackers – and yes, that's a bad thing while(1) { copy_from_stackexchange(); } 76 Comments Computer Science grads still finding it hard to get a job Skills gap? What skills gap? 92 Comments Three quarters of Oz science grads can't get science work STEM-boosterism creating chemist-slash-baristas, and IT is still boring 12 Comments Despite the spiel, we're still some decades from true anti-malware AI Opinion Vendors stuff jargon into antivirus marketing mix 35 Comments Whitepapers ECM business content services How well each vendor fulfils our criteria and where they stand in relation to each other to help enterprise architecture. GDPR: Centralise Unstructured Data Governance across On-Premises and Cloud CIOs are also struggling to balance their desire for consolidation and centralised management with the need to meet the GDPR deadline and solve the immediate operational challenges. Cox Automotive gains big data horsepower with Red Hat storage Built an Apache Hadoop cluster to support big data analysis and mining The CIO Guide to Autonomic IT How do you assure application performance while minimizing costs. Most read 1.37bn records from somewhere to leak on Monday YouTube TV will be huge. Apple must respond Linus Torvalds lashes devs who 'screw all the rules and processes' and send him 'crap' Mars orbiter FLOORS IT to avoid hitting MOON MP brands 1,600 CSC layoffs as the 'worst excesses of capitalism' Spotlight Speaking in Tech: A chat with Web 2.0 MySpace worm dude Samy Kamkar The Register's guide to protecting your data when visiting the US Despite the spiel, we're still some decades from true anti-malware AI Honeypots: Free psy-ops weapons that can protect your network before defences fail Cyber-spying, leaking to meddle in foreign politics is the New Normal Security hardened, pah! Expert doubts Kaymera's mighty Google's Pixel How to secure MongoDB – because it isn't by default and thousands of DBs are being hacked Because I'm bad, I'm bad, Shamoon: PC wiper tried to shut down Saudi snapshot defences Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now Just how important is flash storage in business? Make you voice heard. Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
  SOFTPEDIA®   Windows   Drivers   Games   Mac   Android   Linux   News Softpedia > News > Linux > Linux Distributions FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Solus' Linux Driver Management Tool Enables "Always-On" Nvidia Optimus Support GO Hybrid Intel/AMD GPUs can now be detected Mar 7, 2017 01:57 GMT  ·  By Marius Nestor  ·  Share:  Joshua Strobl from the Solus Project has managed to publish a new weekly newsletter to inform users of the independently-developed Solus operating system about the latest developments. It would appear that Solus' development team is still working hard these days to improve the upcoming Linux Driver Management (LDM) tool, which is now capable of detecting multiple system configurations, including hybrid Intel and AMD Radeon or Intel and Nvidia GPUs, but also computers with AMD APUs by automatically configuring the graphics stack. "Ikey has spent considerable amount of time this week dedicated to shaping up our Linux Driver Management tool, which will be responsible for our switchable graphics solution. The initial version of LDM will enable always-on Optimus, as that is the highest priority item, before moving on to switchable graphics itself," reveals Joshua Strobl, Solus Project Communications Manager. On-demand Nvidia Optimus support is coming soon The first development releases of the Linux Driver Management tool are now available on GitHub if you want to take them for a test drive, especially if you're using Solus with a Nvidia graphics card. It enables "always on" Nvidia Optimus support by default, but future releases should also come with on-demand Nvidia Optimus support and out-of-the-box support for AMD Radeon GPUs. It also looks like the Solus devs are planning to deprecate the gl-driver-switch utility from the operating system and seamlessly roll out Linux Driver Management to existing users, when the tool will be mature enough for production use. Upcoming Solus ISO snapshots will also include LDM by default. Other than that, they managed to release a new Help Center and improve the contributor experience. Up next for Solus, there will be a new maintenance update to the Budgie 10.x desktop environment, namely version 10.3, which should be out at the end of Q1, along with a new ISO snapshot for those who plan on reinstalling or deploy the operating system on more PCs. As expected, Q2 will kick off with the development of the long-anticipated Budgie 11 desktop, which will be rewritten in Qt5 and C++. #Solus#Linux Driver Management#Nvidia Optimus#AMD Radeon#Linux subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Latest Weekly Build of Black Lab Linux Improves Microsoft Surface Studio Support The Road to Mageia 6 Linux Continues, Second Development Build Adds New Updates Canonical Releases Snapd 2.23 Snappy Daemon with GalliumOS & Linux Mint Support Debian-Based siduction 2017.1.0 OS Gets Linux Kernel 4.10, Drops 32-bit Support Third-Party Windows Updates Kind of Risky, Security Expert Says Google May Ditch 3.5mm Headphone Jacks on Next Pixel Phones AMD Rolls Out Its New Crimson ReLive Graphics Driver - Get Version 17.3.1 Google Play Celebrates Five Years, Here Are the Most Downloaded Games and Apps Samsung Confirms Delay of Android Nougat Update to Galaxy S6 and S6 edge Third-Party Windows Updates Kind of Risky, Security Expert Says Google May Ditch 3.5mm Headphone Jacks on Next Pixel Phones AMD Rolls Out Its New Crimson ReLive Graphics Driver - Get Version 17.3.1    Solus Other Linux Distros Refracta: A Linux operating system based on Debian GNU/Linux and designed for home PC users GALPon MiniNo: A lightweight, Debian-based Linux distribution specifically designed for old computers Ultimate Edition: An Ubuntu based Open Source Linux operating system with a lot of software pre-added 4MLinux Core: A core version of the 4MLinux operating system aimed for building your own distro GeckoLinux: An open source GNU/Linux distribution based on openSUSE Tumbleweed and openSUSE Leap ArchBang: A simple GNU/Linux distribution based on the powerful Arch Linux operating system Container Linux by CoreOS: A new kind of Linux-based operating system designed for massive server deployments Reader comments Important Linux Kernel Security Patch Released for CentOS 7, Update Now more on: CentOS 7 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with the best skins for the Google Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate LG Watch Style Review: Android Wear for those who want the basics done well [Video] Trending in Google Corporate LG Watch Sport Review: Android Wear 2.0 arrives on hardware that tries to do it all [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with Toast’s real-wood cover for the Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [February 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: Lenovo’s new Yoga A12 Android tablet is just begging to be a Chromebook Yesterday Post to the community Rumor: Google Pixel 2 will ditch the headphone jack, Google documentation suggests Stephen Hall - Mar. 6th 2017 4:25 pm PT @hallstephenj View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit You’ve stumbled upon the newly-public Community section of 9to5Google. If you’d like to write a post for the Community to read (we’ll promote the best ones on our social feeds!), then head over to 9to5Google Community and submit your work! According to an internal Google document seen by 9to5Google, the Mountain View company’s next-generation Pixel flagship will forgo the headphone jack. That would be a departure from the current Pixel, for which Google has touted the jack’s inclusion as a key feature over Apple’s latest iPhone 7 offerings… Book a Free Smart Home Consultation w/ Amazon Services While we can’t share the nature of the documentation without putting the source at risk, we can say that the language used presents the removal of the jack as a matter of fact. That said, this information is coming from only a single source and we haven’t been able to obtain secondary confirmation as of yet. A separate tipster told us in January that Google has been testing multiple Pixel 2 models with a variety of new chipsets: “some with Snapdragon 83X chips, others with Intel chips.” That tipster didn’t mention the headphone jack, though, and it’s possible that Google hasn’t made a final decision yet on the new phone’s feature set. The same tipster said that waterproofing is “still on the table” for the next-gen Pixel, as well as mentioned the camera as once again being a primary focus point for Google with the new phone. They said that the phone’s camera will “not have large MP size,” but will rather “compensate in extra features.” Removing the jack would be a bold move from the company, since many Android OEMs — even Samsung, which will include the jack on the Galaxy S8 — have held onto the jack despite Apple’s removal of it with the launch of the iPhone 7. As mentioned, its removal would be particularly notable since Google also touted the headphone jack as being “satisfyingly not new” in the first ad for the original Pixel. Rumors on 9to5Google Community To make clear the lower confidence we have in this information, we’ve decided to share it here in the 9to5Google Community section. This is the medium by which we will be sharing unconfirmed rumors going forward. If our confidence increases, they will be promoted to a full report on 9to5Google. We stand by the information in this post as being accurate and honest, but can’t guarantee it will remain reliable. We will also be providing a 1-10 confidence score for these rumors based on a variety of factors (including timing, source, and the context of the information provided). Confidence score: 6/10 We haven’t yet been able to confirm this rumor with multiple sources, and that alone gives this rumor a significant downgrade. We also obtained this information second hand, which gives us further reason to question its legitimacy. Finally, there’s the obvious possibility that at this stage in development, Google still hasn’t decided on the final product’s feature set and things could change. That said, we give this rumor a score of 6 out of 10 because we were provided source documentation that appears legitimate. In other words, while we can’t assure you beyond a shadow of a doubt that the second-gen Pixel will indeed ship without the jack when it launches later this year, we can say with high confidence that this single internal document implies as such. (Tipsters, if you’re reading this and can help improve (or disprove) our confidence score, feel free to send us an anonymous encrypted email – we’d love to talk.) Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360MarketUpdates Tweet   GPU Market 2017 Industry Research Report, Design Guidelines and Forecasts by 2021 GPU Market analysis of an industry is a crucial thing for various stakeholders like investors, CEOs, traders, suppliers and others.   GPU Market (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 07, 2017 ) GPU Market research report is a resource, which provides current as well as upcoming technical and financial details of the industry. GPU market research report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of this market. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the GPU industry policies and news are analysed. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in GPU Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10464582 Major Manufacturers analysed in GPU Market: AMD NVIDIA Intel Qualcomm ARM Imagination Technologies Matrox ViaTech Vivante And more. To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of GPU market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross consumption and revenue is provided for better understanding. Their contact information is given. Next part of the GPU Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs and the actual process. Get Sample PDF @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10464582 Regions of GPU Market Covers: North America Europe China Japan Korea Taiwan Further in the report, the GPU market is examined for price, cost and gross. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. The GPU industry consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Following are major Table of Content of GPU Industry: GPU Market Competition by Manufacturers GPU Production, Revenue (Value) by Region GPU Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions GPU Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type GPU Market Analysis by Application GPU Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis GPU Manufacturing Cost Analysis Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers After the basic information, the report sheds light on the production. Production plants, their capacities, production and revenue are studied. Also, the GPU market growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered. In this GPU market analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in the report. No. of Pages: 103 Price of Report: $4000 (Single User Licence) Purchase the Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10464582 About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Information: 360MarketUpdates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 3 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest 5 things you need to know Tuesday The biggest news to start your day. Post to Facebook 5 things you need to know Tuesday The biggest news to start your day.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2mzEXYD {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs This story is part of the series 5 THINGS TO KNOW 5 things you need to know Monday 5 things you need to know Tuesday 5 things you need to know Thursday 5 things you need to know Tuesday Editors, USA TODAY 3:19 a.m. ET March 7, 2017 The White House (Photo: Ron Edmonds, AP) 3 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Free public tours of the White House are back Tours of the White House are often suspended when a new president takes over, but the Trump administration got some flak for the delay in getting them started again. The tours resume Tuesday. Melania Trump, who has largely remained in New York City as son Barron Trump finishes the school year, previously announced the reopening of the White House Visitors Office. If you get to go, know this: You can take pictures along the way. In 2015,the Obamas lifted a long-standing ban on taking photos on the tour. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Say Cheese! White House tour lifts photo ban  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The White House has rolled out the red carpet for all of us with cameras on our mobile devices.  Jarrett Hendrix @brilliantartistry Fullscreen Photography is now ENCOURAGED; no flash please.  Shannon Augustus via Instagram Fullscreen Sunny, one of the Obama's Portuguese Water Dogs, fully endorses the increased exposure.  Lacey Faeh via Instagram Fullscreen Pictures and social media are now okay while touring the nation's house.  Rebecca Matulka @ramatulka Fullscreen People taking the official White House tour no longer have to stow their cameras or smart phones.  Brian Kelly @thepointsguy Fullscreen First dogs, Sunny and Bo, met visitors to the White House this morning.  Brian Kelly, @thepointsguy Fullscreen First lady Michelle Obama, on her Instagram account, announced the end of those bans Wednesday.  Kelly Sharon via Instagram Fullscreen Still banned are video cameras, including action camcorders, cameras with detachable lenses, tablets, tripods, monopods and camera sticks.  Allison Gittings via Instagram Fullscreen Flash photography and live-streaming also remain prohibited.  Brian Kelly via Instagram Fullscreen "Today marks the lift of the 40 year photo ban on The White House Tour, we were invited to take the tour, and take tons of photos!! "  theglossier via Instagram Fullscreen Pictures are now encouraged during the White House tours, with some limitations.  Kelly Sharon via Instagram Fullscreen Lucky tour-goers "Tay and Bray" got some quality time with the presidential pets Sunny, left, and Bo. People taking the official White House tour no longer have to stow their cameras or smart phones. Pictures and social media are now okay. First lady Michelle Obama, on her Instagram account, announced the end of those bans Wednesday. Handout photos  princessofthetrill via Intagram Fullscreen "I had a blast visiting @whitehouse today."  Kevin Lu, Your Take via Instagram Fullscreen Have original photos that you'd like to share? Join Your Take today. Sign in using your Facebook or Google+ account.  By Renee Klahr, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 14 2 of 14 3 of 14 4 of 14 5 of 14 6 of 14 7 of 14 8 of 14 9 of 14 10 of 14 11 of 14 12 of 14 13 of 14 14 of 14 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Madagascar braces for direct hit from cyclone  "Dangerous" Category 4 Tropical Cyclone Enawo is expected to make landfall Tuesday on Madagascar. Some parts of the island nation could see up to 16 inches of rain, while 4 to 8 inches are likely near the capital of Antananarivo. The storm, which is expected to bring punishing winds, will likely bring flooding and mudslides. Madagascar has been struck by twelve major (Category 3 or stronger) tropical cyclones since 1983. #Tropical Cyclone #Enawo to hammer #Madagascar Tuesday as equivalent of Cat. 2 or 3 hurricane. https://t.co/S1XvIFD4Plpic.twitter.com/HJoQxEwV2E— The Weather Channel (@weatherchannel) March 6, 2017 Did you say Russian spy? 'The Americans' returns for another season The Americans, starring Keri Russell and Matthew Rhys as married KGB spies posing as Americans, returns for its fifth season on Tuesday. The fictional couple lives in suburban Washington, D.C., during the Reagan administration. Headlines about Russia may bring some extra attention to the Emmy-nominated drama, but “that has been a very unwelcome turn of events for us,” executive producer Joe Weisberg said in an interview. The show airs at 10 p.m. ET/PT on FX. • Related: Americans support independent investigation on Russia, USA TODAY/Suffolk University Poll finds. Paige (Holly Taylor), left, talks to parents Philip (Matthew Rhys) and Elizabeth (Keri Russell) in FX's 'The Americans.'  (Photo: Patrick Harbron, FX) And the best country in the world is … Not the U.S., according to a ranking by U.S. News and World Report released on Tuesday. The study evaluated 80 countries on a variety of factors, from economic influence to quality of life. Of the 21,000 respondents, 75% said they have lost respect for U.S. leadership after the 2016 presidential election. The U.S. slipped from fourth in 2016 to seventh in the latest ranking. The top spot now belongs to Switzerland, which displaced Germany, because of its progressive social systems, protection of human rights and business-friendly environment. To review the full rankings, click here. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn President Trump: A new era in Washington begins  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. President Trump salutes as he disembarks Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House on March 5, 2017.  Erik S. Lesser, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump walks with grandchildren Arabella Kushner and Joseph Kushner, holding a model of Marine One, across the South Lawn of the White House on March 3, 2017, before boarding Marine One helicopter for the short flight to nearby Andrews Air Force Base.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump walks down the stairs of Air Force One during his return to Andrews Air Force Base on March 2, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump tours the Combat Direction Center on the pre-commissioned USS Gerald R. Ford aircraft carrier in Newport News, Va., on March 2, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump has lunch with Congressional Republican leaders, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on March 1, 2017.  Erik S. Lesser, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks before a joint session of Congress on Feb. 28, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Trump holds up an executive order to bolster historically black colleges and universities after signing it in the Oval Office on Feb. 28, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump leads a listening session with health insurance company CEOs in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Feb. 27, 2017.  Aude Guerrucci, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump makes a toast during a dinner reception for the annual National Governors Association winter meeting on Feb. 26, 2017, in the State Dining Room of the White House.  Manuel Balce Ceneta, AP Fullscreen Trump waves while walking across the South Lawn of the White House to depart on Marine One on Feb. 24, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump and Pence arrive for a meeting with manufacturing executives at the White House on Feb. 23, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin listens at right as Trump speaks during a meeting on the federal budget on Feb. 22, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump walks past an exhibit for Dr. Ben Carson, his nominee for Housing and Urban Development secretary, during a tour of the National Museum of African American History and Culture on Feb. 21, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump reaches out to shake hands with Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., on Feb. 20, 2017, where Trump announced that McMaster will be the new national security adviser.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Trumps attend a campaign-style rally on Feb. 18, 2017, in Melbourne, Fla.  Chris O'Meara, AP Fullscreen President Trump walks with his grandchildren Arabella Kushner and Joseph Kushner to Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House on Feb. 17, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during a news conference on Feb. 16, 2017, in the East Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu shake hands during a joint news conference in the East Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump meets with retail industry leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos attend a meeting with parents and teachers on Feb. 14, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump looks on as Steven Mnuchin is sworn in as Treasury secretary on Feb. 13, 2017.  Alex Wong, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in the Oval Office on Feb. 13, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump walks from Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House as he returns from his weekend trip to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 12, 2017.  Molly Riley, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe listen to the translator after they both made statements about North Korea at Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 11, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen President Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, accompanied by their wives, first lady Melania Trump and Akie Abe, wave before boarding Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base on Feb. 10, 2017.  Jose Luis Magana, AP Fullscreen Trump walks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the White House on Feb. 10, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks to Democratic and Republican senators about Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch in the Roosevelt Room on Feb. 9, 2017.  Pool, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump arrives for a meeting with airline executives on Feb. 9, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump leaves after speaking at the Major Cities Chiefs Association and Major County Sheriff's Association Winter Meeting in Washington on Feb. 8, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Intel CEO Brian Krzanich speaks during a meeting with Trump on Feb. 8, 2017, where Intel announced an investment of $7 billion to build a factory in Chandler, Ariz., to create advanced semi-conductor chips.  Chris Kleponis, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump holds up a gift given to him by county sheriffs following a meeting as they pose for photos in the Oval Office on Feb. 7, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump has lunch with troops during a visit to the U.S. Central Command at MacDill Air Force Base on Feb. 6, 2017, in Tampa, Fla.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen The Trumps watch the Super Bowl at a party at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Fla., on Feb. 5, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for the 60th Annual Red Cross Gala at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., on on Feb. 4, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump walks with first lady Melania Trump on the tarmac after he arrived on Air Force One at the Palm Beach International Airport for a visit to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 3, 2017.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump waves as he walks from Marine One to board Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base, Md., on Feb. 3, 2017, en route to Mar-a-Lago for the weekend.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during the beginning of a policy and strategy forum with business executives in the State Dining Room of the White House on Feb. 3, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Vice President Pence look on as Trump speaks briefly to reporters after greeting Harley Davidson executives on the South Lawn of the White House on Feb. 2, 2017.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Television producer Mark Burnett, left, and Sen. John Boozman, R-Ark., look on as Trump waves upon his arrival for the National Prayer Breakfast on Feb. 2, 2017, in Washington.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump takes his seat between Paula White of the New Destiny Christian Center and NRA Executive Vice President and CEO Wayne LaPierre at a meeting on his nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court in the Roosevelt Room on Feb. 1, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Neil Gorsuch, his Supreme Court nominee, in the East Room of the White House on Jan. 31, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump meets with leaders of the pharmaceutical industry at the White House on Jan. 31, 2017.  Nicholas Kamm, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump meets with small-business leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 30, 2017.  Jim Lo Scalzo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks on the phone with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in the Oval Office on Jan. 28, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Defense Secretary James Mattis during an event at the Pentagon on Jan. 27, 2017. Vice President Pence is at right.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump greets British Prime Minister Theresa May as she arrives at the White House on Jan. 27, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell watch as President Trump arrives to speak to House and Senate GOP lawmakers at the annual policy retreat in Philadelphia on Jan. 26, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland on Jan. 26, 2017, as he departed to attend a Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia.  Nicholas Kamm, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump, accompanied by Vice President Mike Pence, gives a thumbs-up on Jan. 25, 2017, at the White House.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump reads from one of the executive orders he signed during a visit to the Department of Homeland Security with Vice President Mike Pence, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and other officials in Washington on Jan. 25, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump arrives for meeting with automobile leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 24, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump displays one of five executive actions he signed in the Oval Office on Jan. 24, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump speaks during a reception for House and Senate leaders in the the State Dining Room of the White House on Jan. 23, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump signs executive actions in the Oval Office on Jan. 23, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with business leaders on Jan. 23, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen President Trump holds a letter left for him by former president Barack Obama as Vice President Pence looks on before the swearing-in of the White House senior staff on Jan. 22, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump speaks at the CIA headquarters in Langley, Va., on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for a National Prayer Service at the National Cathedral on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The president and first lady thank guests during the Freedom Ball at the Washington Convention Center on Jan. 20, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Getty Images Fullscreen The Trumps and Pences attend the Freedom Ball on Jan. 20, 2017.  Kevin Dietsch, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump waves as he walks with first lady Melania Trump during the inaugural parade on Pennsylvania Avenue.  Evan Vucci, Pool Fullscreen Trump is joined by the congressional leadership and his family as he formally signs his cabinet nominations into law in the Presidents Room of the Senate on Jan. 20, 2017.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Photo-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Trump greets House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and other congressional leaders as he arrives for his inauguration luncheon at the Capitol on Inauguration Day.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Fullscreen Trump and Obama arrive for Trump's inauguration luncheon at the Capitol.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Fullscreen The Trumps and Obamas stand on the steps of the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 20, 2017.  Rob Carr, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump is seen speaking on video monitor on the National Mall during his inauguration on Jan. 20, 2017.  John Minchillo, AP Fullscreen Trump delivers his inaugural address on Jan. 20, 2017, on the west front of the U.S. Capitol  Porter Binks, USA TODAY Fullscreen Trump takes the oath of office on Jan. 20, 2017, as his family looks on.  Jim Bourg, Pool Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 68 2 of 68 3 of 68 4 of 68 5 of 68 6 of 68 7 of 68 8 of 68 9 of 68 10 of 68 11 of 68 12 of 68 13 of 68 14 of 68 15 of 68 16 of 68 17 of 68 18 of 68 19 of 68 20 of 68 21 of 68 22 of 68 23 of 68 24 of 68 25 of 68 26 of 68 27 of 68 28 of 68 29 of 68 30 of 68 31 of 68 32 of 68 33 of 68 34 of 68 35 of 68 36 of 68 37 of 68 38 of 68 39 of 68 40 of 68 41 of 68 42 of 68 43 of 68 44 of 68 45 of 68 46 of 68 47 of 68 48 of 68 49 of 68 50 of 68 51 of 68 52 of 68 53 of 68 54 of 68 55 of 68 56 of 68 57 of 68 58 of 68 59 of 68 60 of 68 61 of 68 62 of 68 63 of 68 64 of 68 65 of 68 66 of 68 67 of 68 68 of 68 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide House to take up bill that would give lactating moms private space Legislation is expected to be heard on the House floor Tuesday that would give lactating moms access to private spaces in federal buildings for pumping breast milk. The bipartisan bill, called the Fairness for Breastfeeding Mothers Act, would require federally owned or leased buildings to provide designated private and hygienic spaces — other than a bathroom — for nursing mothers. Federal law already requires large employers to provide such a space for employees to pump breast milk for newborns. Crystal Mauras breastfeeds her 2-month-old son, Christopher Rhodes Jr, outside City Hall during a rally to support breastfeeding in public on Aug. 8, 2014, in New York City.  (Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images) Bonus: Thinking pancakes for breakfast? IHOP is giving them away Free pancakes and supporting a good cause? Not a bad way to start a Tuesday as IHOP  is hosting its 12th annual National Pancake Day,  giving away free pancakes across all 50 U.S. states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. local time. The pancakes usually cost $4.79, and as is tradition, IHOP is hoping customers will put that money and more toward a donation to Children's Miracle Network Hospitals, the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and Shriners Hospitals for Children. Since its first event in 2006, IHOP has raised $24 million for youth health and wellness organizations.  (Photo: Bob Riha, Jr., USA TODAY) 3 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2mzEXYD This story is part of the series 5 THINGS TO KNOW 5 things you need to know Monday 5 things you need to know Tuesday 5 things you need to know Thursday
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   MedLogiq Press Release Share      Blog Receive press releases from MedLogiq: By Email PDF Version RSS Feeds: MedLogiq Recognized for Innovations in Healthcare Proven Internet of Things technology platform makes medical devices safer while improving their quality and time-to-market. Powerful technology solutions provide performance measurement, event monitoring and error reporting to the entire healthcare community. Hazlet, NJ, March 07, 2017 --(PR.com)-- The Innovation World Cup selected MedLogiq as one of the 4 Finalists in the Healthcare sector, the category that received the most entries. Finalists were selected from more than 400 qualifying submissions around the world to present at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. For over 10 years the Innovation World Cup has served as a catalyst for future innovations in the Internet of Things. Connecting innovative entrepreneurs, developer communities, and industry partners like Google, Intel, Ericsson, Texas Instruments and many others. The Innovation World Cup has an impressive track record in introducing new breakthrough technologies and solutions in the market, building up new ecosystems, and identifying and promoting the coming stars. MedLogiq showcased technology that will rapidly enable safety monitoring, performance testing and event reporting capabilities. These are sorely lacking in the global medical device market and will deliver benefits to many stakeholders across the entire product life cycle. Regulators need timely and accurate data to effectively evaluate and new devices and monitor the performance of devices in use. Medical device manufacturers must improve product safety and performance while decreasing cost and time-to-market. Defects will also be identified and resolved more quickly and cost effectively. Healthcare Providers will be able to maintain devices and report adverse events more efficiently. William Acevedo, CEO of MedLogiq stated, “We believe our technology will help close the massive technology gap in healthcare and deliver valuable data to all stakeholders involved in the delivery of care to improve access and outcomes.” By combining their expertise in regulatory affairs, data acquisition and the Internet of Things with advanced technologies from global market leaders like Mahle; MedLogiq vastly improves the safety of medical devices that patients depend on by providing device manufacturers, regulators and user facilities with the tools to maximize data value now and in the future. Contact Information MedLogiq William C. Acevedo 732-596-7888 Contact med-logiq.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from MedLogiq Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
  SOFTPEDIA®   Windows   Drivers   Games   Mac   Android   Linux   News Softpedia > News > Microsoft > Surface FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Microsoft Launches a New Surface Book Laptop Version with i7, 16GB RAM GO New Surface Book version silently released in the store Mar 7, 2017 06:57 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  Microsoft has unveiled a new version of the Surface Book laptop that comes with high-end specs, but also with a price that placed it at the top of the series. The new Surface Book, which was released in the Store without an official announcement, is powered by an Intel i7 Skylake processor and comes with 16GB RAM and 1TB storage. Surprisingly, however, there’s no dedicated GPU, despite the high price of $2,999. For some reason though, the new Surface Book version can’t be purchased just yet, even if it’s listed in the Store, with Microsoft flagging it as not available for the time being. Most likely this version is scheduled to go on sale in the near future and Microsoft might be preparing an announcement. New Surface Book laptop coming? While this device could make some people raise their eyebrows given the high price and the lack of discrete GPU, Microsoft is also believed to be working on a completely new-generation Surface Book as well that would come with a new design and upgraded specs. Not much is known at this point, but Microsoft could take the wraps off the Surface Book 2 as soon as this spring, possibly during a press conference when the company also introduces the new Windows 10 Creators Update. One of the changes that could make their way to the Surface Book 2 concerns the hinge, which has been rather criticized on the first generation for letting dust slip in between the screen and the keyboard. Microsoft was said to be working on a new hinge design that would address this issue, along with other small refinements to make the laptop lighter. The Surface Book 2 could obviously come with 4K support and Intel’s latest-generation processors, but also with an improved Surface Pen and even support for the Surface Dial accessory that was introduced by Microsoft last October with the Surface Studio. #Microsoft#Surface#Surface Book#Surface Book 2 subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Microsoft Loses First Place to Apple in NZ 2-in-1 Battle Better Late than Never: Microsoft Surface Now Supports Wake on LAN Microsoft 1, Android 0: Samsung Goes All-In on Windows for Tablets Porsche Design’s Windows 10 Laptop Shows Microsoft How It’s Done Third-Party Windows Updates Kind of Risky, Security Expert Says Google May Ditch 3.5mm Headphone Jacks on Next Pixel Phones AMD Rolls Out Its New Crimson ReLive Graphics Driver - Get Version 17.3.1 Google Play Celebrates Five Years, Here Are the Most Downloaded Games and Apps Samsung Confirms Delay of Android Nougat Update to Galaxy S6 and S6 edge Third-Party Windows Updates Kind of Risky, Security Expert Says Google May Ditch 3.5mm Headphone Jacks on Next Pixel Phones AMD Rolls Out Its New Crimson ReLive Graphics Driver - Get Version 17.3.1    Microsoft's first-generation Surface Book New Apps Thread Racer: CPU benchmarking tool wrapped in a lightweight and portable package, which can put normal-priority CPU bound threads on specific processors A1 Website Analyzer: A useful program that lets you to extract structure data from websites into XML, CSV etc files, in order to help you raise your rank in the results of search engines Asmodat Folder Locker: Encrypt every file in a particular folder in just a couple of seconds, and decrypt them just as easily at any time, with this lightweight utility Stellar EDB to PST Converter: Convert EDB files from your computer to PST format by turning to this handy application that encompasses a user-friendly interface A1 Website Search Engine: A comprehensive and practical solution that comes in handy for uses who need to index their entire website and build a site search solution Hallo northern sky: Comprehensive planetarium that allows you to explore the night sky, go to a specific position, perform search operations, connect to ASCOM telescopes, and import data from FITS files Keyboard Tracer (formerly Keyboard Logger): Find out how many keys have been pressed on your keyboard by you or someone else, regardless of the environment you're typing in Reader comments Microsoft and Google Defeat Apple in Schools As iPads and MacBooks Hit New Low more on: Microsoft i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice US missile systems form shield against N. Korean threats The Korea Herald > Business > Technology Samsung predicted to invest $12.5 billion in chips   Published : 2017-03-07 15:40 Updated : 2017-03-07 17:14 The world’s largest memory chip maker Samsung Electronics is expected to make the biggest investment in the global semiconductor market this year, a market research firm said on Tuesday. According to the US research firm IC Insights, Samsung Electronics’ capital expenditure on semiconductors this year is expected to be 14.5 trillion won ($12.5 billion), 11 percent higher than last year’s investment. The Korean tech giant is slated to complete the world’s largest chip complex in Pyeongtaek, with the aim of mass producing V-NAND flash memory from the middle of this year. In January, the company said it had made an investment of 13.2 trillion won for capital expenditure last year, adding the memory to system large-scale integration ratio was 8 to 2. Samsung’s local rival SK hynix is expected to make an investment of 7 trillion won this year, the fourth largest volume in the world, following Intel and TSMC. Last year, SK hynix invested 6.5 trillion won, a 14 percent drop from 2015. The Korean chip maker plans to expand the production of 3D NAND memory this year while reducing the investment in DRAM. The investment will also be made in the establishment of clean room in Icheon plant M14 to produce 3D NAND memory.   (Samsung Electronics) Earlier this year, SK acquired a 51 percent stake of silicon wafer producer LG Siltron for 620 billion won. The world’s largest microprocessor Intel is also predicted to make an investment of $12 billion this year, a 25 percent rise from the previous year. Taiwanese chip maker TSMC is likely to set aside $10 billion won in investment, a 2 percent drop from last year. Industry watchers predicted the prices of both DRAM and NAND flash memory will continue to rise this year. “With Samsung Electronics and Chinese smartphone makers unveiling new devices, the demand for mobile DRAM will continue to rise this year. The short supply of DRAM will lead to the price rise until the third quarter of this year,” said Lee Jeong, an analyst at Eugene Investment & Securities.                By Shin Ji-hye (shinjh@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. US missile systems form shie... 2. China threatens more retalia... 3. Seoul mulls taking China to ... 4. How's he doing? What Trumpe... 5. Political parties remain div... 6. Park's lawyers urge court to... 7. ASEAN aims for unity on tou... 8. Has our tolerance only been... 9. China's hidden risks rise 10. Big dreams for future, not ... 1. US begins process to deploy ... 2. Samsung Galaxy S8 revealed t... 3. Korea drops to Israel in WBC... 4. Double shock 5. Counsel finds Park colluded ... 6. SK Hynix may join hands with... 7. Korea considers bringing Chi... 8. Haebangchon: Home to artist... 9. NK fires 4 ballistic missile... 10. N. Korea slaps temporary exi... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India Elections World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Society International Women's day 2017: 5 great companies for Indian women to work at Respect, equality and security are the basic rights every women want at their workplaces. Here are five of the best companies in India and why they are the best. Sriparna Ghosh March 7, 2017 10:25 IST Reuters file With Indian women refusing to sit back at home, the percentage of women workforce in Indian companies have been on the rise. Working hand in hand with their male counterparts, women employees contibute majorly to the success of various companies. In turn, companies also strive to make workplaces friendly and convenient for them. Read: Forbes powerful women: SBI, ICICI Bank chiefs on the list The Best Companies for Women in India (BCWI) study 2016 conducted by AVTAR Group- India and Working Mother Media surveyed 350 companies with respect to women safety, maternity leaves, paternity leaves, percentage of women holding top positions in a company, work culture and many more. A first of its kind study, which took eight months to complete, listed out 100 best companies. International Business Times, India interviewed women employees of five of the top ten companies. Below are the key findings of the study: 32% of the workforce in the Top 10 Best Companies for Women in India are Women and 25.25% of the workforce in the 100 Best Companies are Women. 37% of all the managers in the Top 10 Best Companies for Women in India are Women! The average attrition rate amongst women is less than a third (20%) of that of men (68%) in the Top 10 Best Companies for Women in India. The 'BEST IN CLASS' representation of women on boards is 22% in India Inc. 100% of the Top 10 Best Companies for Women in India have programmes for returning women, 30 % of the 100 Best Companies have second career programmes. Mentoring, executive coaching and networking platforms are the three most effective initiatives for women's career advancement, says the BEST IN CLASS. The 100 Best Companies for Women in India regularly conduct opinion polls amongst their women employees to assess effectiveness of their women-centric initiatives. Zero Tolerance to Sexual Harassment is the norm in the 100 Best Companies for Women in India!! 100% of the 100 Best Companies for Women in India provide Flexible Working. All the Top 10 Best Companies for Women in India provide flexi-time work options to their employees; 90% provide remote work Remote work, flexi-time and partial work, partial pay are the most favoured flexible working arrangements in the 100 Best Companies for Women in India. Flexible Working is a gender agnostic policy across Corporate India; With a surging millennial representation this has become the new normal The BEST IN CLASS maternity leave in the 100 Best Companies is 6 months – 18 of the 100 Best Companies offered 6 months of paid maternity leave in the year 2015. 86% of the 100 Best Companies and 100% of the Top 10 Best Companies offer paid paternity leave. The BEST IN CLASS for paid paternity leave is 20 days. 70% of the 100 Best Companies offer paid leave to adoptive mothers. The BEST IN CLASS leave was 28 weeks. The 100 Best Companies allow for an average of 6.3 months of phase-back (in addition to paid maternity leave) for young mothers rejoining after their maternity breaks! 40% of the TOP 10 Best Companies provide day care services for their employees' children. 70% provide tuition reimbursement and 50% provide sponsored care for their employees! 50% of the TOP 10 Best Companies for Women in India sponsor infertility treatments for their employees! 100% of the TOP 10 Best Companies train their managers to help advance women, 90% train their managers to understand the work-life issues of their employees. 60% of the Top 10 Best Companies train their managers to effectively supervise flexible workers. Let's hear from the women employees of five of the top ten companies: Accenture Rekha M. Menon, Chairman of Accenture, IndiaYouTube- screengrab "The best part about being an Accenture employee is the paid maternity leave of 22 weeks and the flexibility that we enjoy, in case one has to change cities due to marriage, or health concerns," said Pritha Mondal, Accenture employee. Intel Intel officeFacebook "Apart from the paid maternity leave and work from home options, we have a women's wing called— Women at Intel, where all women employees can connect, talk, suggest and chalk out solutions to problems (if any) and work towards creating a sustainable career for themselves at Intel," said woman employee at Intel, who requested that her name not be mentioned. Deloitte Deloitte Office, BangaloreFacebook "Along with the benefit of work from home to take care of our children who have not yet started to go to school, what I love about Deloitte is its efforts to have a fifty-fifty workforce of men and women. It is the best and a fair way to break the glass ceiling and encouraging women," said a woman employee of Deloitte, who chose to remain anonymous. ICICI bank ICICI Bank, Chanda Kochhar, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of ICICI BankReuters "While the Human Resource policy of ICICI is the strongest as an employee can't be terminated until it is a money goof-up or playing with the law, the few other things which makes ICICI one of the best places for women to work at are; the company gives it's women employees android or iPhones, so when we are engaged in 'in-bound' or 'out-bound business' and sense any danger, all we have to do is shake the phone, a signal to rescue along with the GPS will reach the company and rescue operations will start immediately. The other liberty that we enjoy is, women employees have all rights to avoid and even confront the customer if they feel uncomfortable," said Swati Singh, Duputy Manager 1, ICICI Bank. IBM Ginni Rometty, chairman, president and CEO of IBMReuters "The one thing that I would like to point out is the security IBM provides. Escorts accompany women in shuttles or cabs if they are the last to be dropped. They wait until the woman is inside their gates. Besides security, menstruating women can also rest during work hours," said a female employee of IBM who requested that her name not be mentioned. Related Tech world is standing up to Donald Trump's Muslim ban...except for IBM | OPINION Nation's Top Bankers Welcome RBI Rate Cut, Confirm Banking Rates to Come Down Soon New maternity bill to increase statutory leaves from 3 to 6 months Also read Indian tech firms tie up with IITs, other institutions for AI research Women's Day 2017: Ladies, pamper yourself with free lunch, party, beauty services and other special offers in Bengaluru Post Comment IBT TV Close Fast food worker saves toddler with CPR learnt in school elective Why advertise with us? Editor's Pick Ancient Mars might have been submerged in water and supported life Mysterious luminous nebula MAMMOTH-1 spotted in a distant part of the universe Why advertise with us? most popular Uttar Pradesh election results 2017: 3 possible outcomes, 4 likely implications and the dark horse The stakes are high for the BJP, which enlisted PM Narendra Modi and other senior leaders for campaigning, and the SP-Congress, in Uttar Pradesh. FBI director James Comey, former national intelligence chief James Clapper reject Donald Trump's wire-tap claim On Saturday, Donald Trump accused Barack Obama of ordering wire-tapping of the Trump Tower in New York. Uri Army base attack: 'Guides' reveal they were class 10 students fleeing PoK after harassing girl The two boys were in fact Class 10 students who had mistakenly crossed over after running away from their villages in PoK. Punjab elections 2017: Congress may win, AAP could finish second, suggest data The SAD-BJP alliance has been in power in Punjab for 10 years; AAP and Congress aggressively campaigned and the results will be interesting. Jayalalithaa death controversy: Tamil Nadu government makes Amma's medical records public While at Apollo, Jayalalithaa interacted with family and government officials on some important issues, including Cauvery row, the state government said in a press release. West Bengal folk singer and Dohar frontman Kalikaprasad Bhattacharjee dies in road accident Popular folk singer dies: The car in which Kalikaprasad Bhattacharjee was travelling fell into a difficult-to-access part of the Nayanjuli river in Hooghly, West Bengal. Maharashtra: 5 reasons why BJP chief Raosaheb Danve's son's wedding could bother Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis [PHOTO] Santosh Danve got married to Renu in Aurangabad on March 2, but the lavish wedding celebrations have created a controversy. 2 Bangalore schoolboys step on live wire in campus, escape with minor burns The live wire between two electric poles situated outside the campus had fallen inside and both stepped on it, police said. Photo Gallery AR Rahman launches Lake of Fire audio AR Rahman launches the audio of 'Lake of Fire' by Omantra Films in association with Qutub-e-Kirpaa at KM College of Music and Technology. Chunky Pandey, Farah Khan & Others at Verve Rally India Launch Chunky Pandey, Farah Khan & Others at Verve Rally India Launch. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Exxon pleases Trump with US$20b shale export building spree, said to create 45,000 jobs Darren Woods, Chairman & CEO of Exxon Mobil Corporation speaks during a news conference at the New York Stock Exchange.PHOTO: REUTERS Published7 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4hqP Copy CHICAGO (BLOOMBERG) - Exxon Mobil Corp's US$20 billion (S$28.26 billion) building spree in the heart of the US chemical and refining industry will create 45,000 jobs and boost US efforts to feed Asian demand, the company's new leader said. President Donald Trump couldn't be happier. Following Chief executive officer Darren Woods's announcement of the projects on Monday (March 6), Trump described Exxon as a "true American success story" in a statement. The president followed up with a trademark tweet: "We are already winning again, America!" and a White House video. After decades of locating refineries and chemical plants close to raw materials and end markets in the Middle East and East Asia, Exxon is committed to steering construction dollars to its home country, Woods said at the CERAWeek energy conference in Houston. The plan involves 11 projects in the Gulf Coast region, some of which were in the works as far back as 2013. "These projects are export machines, generating products that high-growth nations need to support larger populations with higher standards of living," Woods said. "The supply is here; the demand is there. We want to keep connecting those dots." Exxon followed other US giants such as Ford Motor, Intel, General Motors and Wal-Mart Stores responding to Trump's call to eschew overseas investments and focus on domestic developments. Like those other plans, Exxon didn't specify how much of the 10-year investment programme was previously announced. All the jobs will be located along the Gulf Coast, and many will pay an average of US$100,000 a year, Woods said. The investments will continue at least through 2022, Woods said in only his second public appearance since January, when he succeeded Rex Tillerson, who left the CEO job to become Trump's secretary of state. Woods' comments followed Exxon's disclosure last week that it's shifting half its worldwide drilling budget to US shale fields next year. One of the projects includes the construction of an ethane cracker at Exxon's Baytown, Texas, chemical complex that began in June 2014 and was projected to employ 10,000 construction workers and spur 4,000 additional full-time positions. Another was the expansion of Exxon's Mont Belvieu, Texas, polyethylene plant, where work began around the same time. The company didn't say how much the investments would cost. "This is exactly the kind of investment, economic development and job creation that will help put Americans back to work," Trump said in a statement. "Many of the products that will be manufactured here in the United States by American workers will be exported to other countries, improving our balance of trade." Like Exxon bosses before him, in his remarks on Monday Woods championed "free and fair trade" as essential for economic growth and corporate profitability. That stance may veer from Trump's repeated criticisms of various international trade deals, including the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico, as unfair and disadvantageous to US workers. Woods, a 52-year-old Exxon lifer, inherited a company hobbled by the biggest reserves reduction in its modern history and the loss of the platinum credit rating it held for 85 years as a 2 1/2-year collapse in crude markets destroyed cash flow. The expansion programme, dubbed "Growing the Gulf" by Exxon, hews close to Woods' pedigree as a quintessential downstream executive, or one who focused on refineries and chemicals for most of his career. Woods' comments at CERAWeek may presage major themes up for debate at the oil industry's biggest annual conference. He was preceded at the conclave by Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak; luminaries yet to appear during the week-long conference include Saudi Oil Minister Khalid Al-Falih, Opec secretary general Mohammad Barkindo, and the CEOs of Royal Dutch Shell, Chevron, Total and BP. Topics:  OIL AND GAS SECTOR DONALD TRUMP EMPLOYMENT/UNEMPLOYMENT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4hqP Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content ppr1_300x200.jpg Paya Lebar: past, present, future sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium cc_a125543_2017feb20_300x200_article1.jpg Kia Niro: The hybrid car to look out for in 2017 Shopping Stay tuned to WomansTalk every Tuesday & Thursday! Get $10 coupon + 20X Rewards with Citi Rewards Card More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Code for mandate? Lawmaker says no Forese keeps Burns in time out  Lawmaker: bill protecting student journalists flawed Trump call for merit-based immigration puzzles experts, advocates Attorney with criminal record to serve as special prosecutor In Arizona, Trump’s promise to save coal jobs is colliding with reality  Disability providers say they need triple what Ducey offers  Forget the feds, state courts hold the key  State testing finds lead in public school drinking water Immaculate Heart and the Divided Parish  Arizona Capitol Times Your Inside Track to Arizona Politics News Legislature Governor’s Office Courts Agencies Opinion Commentary Letters to the Editor Submit opinions About Contact Us Newsroom Bios FAQ Subscriptions Capitol Careers Events 2017 Events at a Glance 2017 Morning Scoop Feb. 7 – Water May 9 – Education Aug. 15 – Transpo Oct. 10 – Health care 2017 Best of the Capitol Women in Public Policy Public Notices Public Notice Ad Info Public Notices Current Public Notices Archives Advertising Advertising Info Custom Publishing Az Marketplace Reader Demographics Capitol Store Subscribe Manage Account News Legislature Governor’s Office Courts Agencies Opinion Commentary Letters to the Editor Submit opinions About Contact Us Newsroom Bios FAQ Subscriptions Capitol Careers Events 2017 Events at a Glance 2017 Morning Scoop Feb. 7 – Water May 9 – Education Aug. 15 – Transpo Oct. 10 – Health care 2017 Best of the Capitol Women in Public Policy Public Notices Public Notice Ad Info Public Notices Current Public Notices Archives Advertising Advertising Info Custom Publishing Az Marketplace Reader Demographics Capitol Store Home / immigration / Trump call for merit-based immigration puzzles experts, advocates Trump call for merit-based immigration puzzles experts, advocates By: Arren Kimbel-Sannit, Cronkite News March 6, 2017 , 4:54 pm President Donald Trump, in his speech to a joint session of Congress last week, gave few details with his call for a “merit-based” immigration system, leaving experts guessing at its potential impacts. (Photo courtesy the White House) Immigration advocates are unsure what the merit-based immigration system President Donald Trump called for on Feb. 28 would do for the country – mostly because they don’t know exactly what the president meant. “Switching away from this current system of lower-skilled immigration, and instead adopting a merit-based system, will have many benefits,” Trump said in his address Tuesday to a joint session of Congress. “It will save countless dollars, raise workers’ wages, and help struggling families – including immigrant families – enter the middle class.” But the president did not say what “merit” means – education, specialization or filling a gap in the market could all be considered meritorious traits – just that immigrants should be able to support themselves financially when they come to this country. There were no more details in his speech, and the White House did not return a request for comment or clarification on his proposal. A merit-based plan would be a shift from the current American immigration system, which allocates visas based on criteria of diversity, employment needs, humanitarian aid and family connections. What needs to be determined is where the existing criteria would fit in to a new system, said immigration attorney William Stock in an email. He and others said one possibility is that prioritizing high-skilled workers could be a backdoor way to limit immigration based on family ties in the U.S. “I think what we’ll wind up seeing is a significant reduction in family-based immigration and potentially an elimination of the visa lottery,” said Mo Goldman, an immigration lawyer in Tucson. “It could have a negative impact as far as the need we have in certain areas of our industries,” he said. “Not everyone who comes here as an immigrant is going to wind up working for Intel.” Different regions of the country have different needs and certain sectors, like agriculture, rely heavily on migrant workers. Data from the National Agriculture Workers Survey show that almost 80 percent of agricultural workers are foreign-born. “When you get into Arizona, we have such a huge diversity of industry, be it agricultural, industry or tourism,” Goldman said. The Western Growers Association declined to comment on Trump’s proposal, based on the lack of detail in his address, but the Arizona Farm Bureau said in a statement that it hopes the president will address all of the issues with immigration reform moving forward. The president also did not detail how rigid a new system would be. For example, Stock said, many Midwestern towns face population and labor force decline, but those cities require immigrants of all skill levels to fill the vacancies. Trump did reference Canada’s immigration system as an example of the kind he hoped to implement. But Canada learned the hard way that weighting admission in favor of higher educational attainment is not a recipe for success. “Whether or not someone has a particular job offer is a better determinant (of success) than if they just have a Ph.D.,” said Meghan Benton, a senior policy analyst with the Migration Policy Institute. “High-skilled migrants were massively underemployed, or in some cases, unemployed.” She said high-skilled migrants in Canada were encountering barriers – language, unrecognized professional credentials and so on – that lower-skilled workers did not have to face. Responding to these issues, Canada amended the point system in 2015 and moved toward a system that prioritizes migrants who have job offers awaiting them in the country, Benton said. Furthermore, there is hardly a dearth of skilled immigrants in the current system. “There tends to be an equating of low-skilled with family-based immigration,” said Doris Meissner, a senior fellow at MPI and the former U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service commissioner. “That’s not really accurate.” She said skilled immigrants are admitted to the U.S. under all the current immigration criteria, “not simply through the labor market categories.” In fact, she said, there has been a recent uptick in the number of skilled immigrants coming here for family reasons. In 2015, around 30 percent of the immigrants age 25 and over in the U.S. had college degrees, according to an MPI study of Census Bureau data. In Arizona, around 40 percent of adult immigrants had at least some college education, according to the same study. Regardless of whether the president intends to fully replace the current system or just change the proportions, Meissner said the consensus among immigration experts is that legal immigration across all skill levels and sectors is necessary for a healthy economy. “I think on paper, the idea of targeting people with the highest skills is something that has a certain appeal,” said Robert Sakaniwa, the associate director for advocacy at the American Immigration Lawyers Association. “But the government, I don’t think, is the best arbiter of what employees are needed in the country. The actual employers are the best judge of that,” he said. Share this: Email Print Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google economy immigration jobs merit system Trump 4:54 pm Mon, March 6, 2017 Arizona Capitol Times Arren Kimbel-Sannit, Cronkite News You might also like Code for mandate? Lawmaker says no March 6, 2017 , 10:25 pm Reporter Gary Grado promoted to Arizona Capitol Times Managing Editor March 6, 2017 , 10:48 am Attorney with criminal record to serve as special prosecutor March 6, 2017 , 5:19 am In Arizona, Trump’s promise to save coal jobs is colliding with reality  March 6, 2017 , 4:10 am State testing finds lead in public school drinking water March 3, 2017 , 4:11 pm Ducey’s hand out for fed fix of state roads March 3, 2017 , 12:40 pm Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. By Arren Kimbel-Sannit, Cronkite News Trump call for merit-based immigration puzzles experts, advocates Hard choices ahead as officials look at future of Navajo power plant All (2) Reader Poll Which issue do you think will receive the most attention this legislative session?  &nbspK-12 education funding  &nbspFull-day kindergarten  &nbspMinimum wage increase-related costs   "Religious freedom" legislation like SB1062  &nbspObamacare’s repeal and its effect on the state budget  &nbspA yet-to-erupt scandal View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Find us on Facebook Morning Edition Email Address * Morning Edition Email Event Notification   Recent Posts Code for mandate? Lawmaker says no Forese keeps Burns in time out  Lawmaker: bill protecting student journalists flawed Trump call for merit-based immigration puzzles experts, advocates Reporter Gary Grado promoted to Arizona Capitol Times Managing Editor My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Code for mandate? Lawmaker says no Forese keeps Burns in time out  Lawmaker: bill protecting student journalists flawed Trump call for merit-based immigration puzzles experts, advocates ARIZONA NEWS SERVICE PRODUCTS YELLOW SHEET REPORT LEGISLATION ON LINE ARIZONA (LOLA) AZ CAPITOL REPORTS AZ LOBBYISTS CAPITOL STORE Arizona Capitol Times ABOUT CONTACT US EVENTS FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Social Copyright © 2017 Arizona Capitol Times 1835 W. Adams Street, Phoenix, AZ 85007 (602) 258-7026 x Check Also Hard choices ahead as officials look at future of Navajo power plant Despite pledges to look for alternatives, closing the Navajo Generating Station in Page could devastate the local economy, where hundreds of jobs rely on the plant and affiliated coal mine and where experts see few, if any, workable solutions. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 07 Mar 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Saudi Arabia to tender metro projects as PPPs Saudi banking sector's monthly profits surge by 16% Abu Dhabi's Mubadala, Russia-China fund eyeing stake in Eurasia Drilling Abu Dhabi delays opening of new airport terminal Fresh on the menu: classic Dubai outlets close to make way for newcomers New mall to include Dubai's second Ikea store Dubai's Emaar chairman hopes for better year after tough 2016 Qatar's QInvest co-invests in posh residential development in US Saudi Arabia to tender metro projects as PPPs Qassim governor inaugurates developmental projects in Al-Asyah Saudi Arabia's top 10 mega projects valued at $92bln Abu Dhabi delays opening of new airport terminal Abu Dhabi's Mubadala, Russia-China fund eyeing stake in Eurasia Drilling Funds expect Saudi Aramco to be valued around $1-1.5trn Saudi Arabia plans to determine cost of water projects Global LNG demand set to grow 4-5% by 2030: Shell Outlook Saudi banking sector's monthly profits surge by 16% Doha Bank gets nod to raise capital by 20% Funds expect Saudi Aramco to be valued around $1-1.5trn Egypt pound weakens as dollar demand picks up Kuwait's Warba Bank sets initial price guidance for dollar sukuk Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank considering dollar sukuk issue Saudi Arabia can emerge as global leader in Islamic finance Dubai Financial Market launches platform to trade ETFs Nissan introduces 'Desert Camel Power' to measure performance on sand Fintech forecast to redesign GCC financial sector by 2020 GCC states reaffirm commitment to make e-services accessible to all UAE's Ministry of Interior tops list of most used apps Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Malaysian police say foiled attack on Arab royalty ahead of Saudi king visit UAE optimistic about growth in 2017 Saudi minister Al-Qassabi unveils initiatives to attract investments Yemen government faces another cash crunch UAE optimistic about growth in 2017 Saudi minister Al-Qassabi unveils initiatives to attract investments Saudi: 30% university students drop out without degrees Qatar tourism growth to generate $17.8bln Jordan's GDP growth seen picking up to 2.3% in 2017 Yemen government faces another cash crunch Jordan media faced restrictions in 2016 Palestinian gunman killed in clash with Israeli forces Egypt pound weakens as dollar demand picks up Remittances from Egyptians at $5bln in three months after currency float Egypt more attractive to foreign investments after currency float Arab states owe over $2.5bln to contractors Malaysian police say foiled attack on Arab royalty ahead of Saudi king visit Etihad tells travellers to check with U.S. missions after new Trump order Trump signs revised travel ban in bid to overcome legal challenges Trump uncertainty slowing US travel bookings Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Kuwait's Warba Bank sets initial price guidance for dollar sukuk Emaar pulls down Dubai, ex-dividend shares hit Qatar Dubai's Emaar Properties board proposes 15% cash dividend Dollar holds gains on Fed's near-certain March rate hike Emaar pulls down Dubai, ex-dividend shares hit Qatar Dubai's Emaar Properties board proposes 15% cash dividend Doha Bank gets nod to raise capital by 20% Mideast stocks factors to watch Mar 7 Dollar holds gains on Fed's near-certain March rate hike Egypt pound weakens as dollar demand picks up Qatar Reinsurance launches $450mln perpetual bond Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank considering dollar sukuk issue Gold steady amid Fed rate hike expectations India's gold imports surge on pent-up demand Gold steadies on safe-haven buying, weaker dollar Oil prices fall on doubts over Russian output curbs Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Abu Dhabi Police arrest gang for $354mln bogus investment scam New arbitration law to make Qatar 'investment-friendly' Oman imposes 100% service charge on tobacco products at airport arrival Facebook suspends location-sharing feature after Italian copyright suit Saudi Shoura Council approves law for distribution of dry gas Oman imposes 100% service charge on tobacco products at airport arrival Trump's travel ban 2.0: What changed from the first one? Trump signs revised travel ban in bid to overcome legal challenges Abu Dhabi Police arrest gang for $354mln bogus investment scam Call to combat issue of illegal foreigners in Saudi Arabia Trafficked and abused: Indonesia's Middle East maid ban backfires Cops grill British daredevil after Dubai stunt New arbitration law to make Qatar 'investment-friendly' Facebook suspends location-sharing feature after Italian copyright suit Call to combat issue of illegal foreigners in Saudi Arabia Trump signs revised travel ban in bid to overcome legal challenges Call to combat issue of illegal foreigners in Saudi Arabia New UAE law safeguards rights of children Exorbitant fee hikes in Saudi private schools anger parents Emirates ID now doubles up as insurance card in UAE Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE weather alert: Motorists cautioned due to low visibility by fog Female Saudi horse trainer sees hope for women Dubai's Emirates airline turns spotlight on women Nissan introduces 'Desert Camel Power' to measure performance on sand Oman imposes 100% service charge on tobacco products at airport arrival Emirates ID now doubles up as insurance card in UAE Options of financing IVF in Dubai Scientists create first artificial mouse "embryo" from stem cells Saudi: 30% university students drop out without degrees Tuition hike suspended for 2 years in Saudi schools The business of education and the rising school fees in Dubai Dubai education authority asks students to request rainy day offs Cairo-based artist brings paintings to life Female Saudi horse trainer sees hope for women Fresh on the menu: classic Dubai outlets close to make way for newcomers Nissan introduces 'Desert Camel Power' to measure performance on sand UAE weather alert: Motorists cautioned due to low visibility by fog Omanis with special needs to get 50% discount on flights Trump uncertainty slowing US travel bookings Top Gear: what they did in Dubai and Oman Neverland goes back on the market 'Logan' roars with massive $85.3mln debut Guns N' Roses UAE organiser under fire on social media Burkina Faso director gives African women authentic voice Peshawar Zalmi thrash Gladiators to win PSL Golf-Johnson wins in Mexico to cement world number one ranking Dubai hurray for Murray at long last Cricket-Du Plessis guides South Africa to series win over NZ Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Breaking news Egypt's new investment law to be finalized by parliament by end of month-top Egyptian official Advertisement Home Article Middle East ICT Community Takes to the Seas as IDC Hosts 10th Anniversary CIO Summit Onboard Luxury Cruise Liner 07 March, 2017 07 March 2017 Dubai – International Data Corporation (IDC) today set sail on a seven-day tour around the Arabian Gulf as it hosts 100 of the region's most influential ICT leaders on a luxurious Royal Caribbean Cruise to celebrate the 10th anniversary of its ever-popular Middle East CIO Summit. With a three-day agenda based around the theme 'Enabling Dynamic Change for the Digital Era', the event's opening day featured a compelling mix of insights from global IDC figures and respected thought leaders from the region's vendor and end-user communities. "The IDC Middle East CIO Summit has been at the forefront of ICT thought leadership since its inception in 2008," says Jyoti Lalchandani, IDC's group vice president and regional managing director for the Middle East, Africa, and Turkey. "And as we celebrate the Summit's 10th anniversary, our focus is squarely on helping the region's CIOs to accelerate their own digital transformation efforts and become true visionaries for change. The Summit has long served as a focal point for the region's ICT community, and we are delighted to be hosting so many its most important members on this special voyage." Mr. Lalchandani opened the day's proceedings by welcoming the gathered delegates and introducing Meredith Whalen, IDC's global senior vice president for IT executive, software, services, and industry research, who had flown in from the firm's U.S. headquarters to deliver the event's keynote address on the importance of developing the new IT capabilities required to enable successful digital transformation. "Whether you are currently leading your organization's digital transformation efforts or not, you can be sure the organization needs your leadership," said Ms. Whalen as she addressed the assembled IT executives. "The strategic priorities of digital transformation are evolving rapidly; big bets are being placed, unusual techniques are being applied, and new bars are being established. And with digital strategies directly influencing business outcomes, it is critical that CIOs recalibrate their IT capabilities accordingly. It is therefore imperative that you embrace the new rules that govern the digital era and develop a clear understanding of exactly what is required to succeed." Advertisement Ms. Whalen then chaired an interactive panel discussion with Mohamed Elfatih Abuagla, CIO of Al Jazeera Media Network, Gopi Krishnan, CIO of Al Hilal Bank, and Dr. Jassim Haji, CIO of Gulf Air, during which they stressed the need for CIOs to embrace innovation and lead the digitalization of their organizations by transitioning their roles to something more akin to the position of chief digital officer. With much of the discussions centering on the undoubted positives of digital transformation, there were also warnings of an ugly downside from Kamran Hassan, senior director at Etisalat Digital, who presented advice on shoring up complex IT systems against an unprecedented wave of cyberthreats. Magnus Nilsson, Dell EMC's CTO for EMEA, then took to the stage to outline the strategic changes that the modern organization must undergo in order to truly capitalize on the new world of opportunities presented by the emergence of game-changing digital solutions. Chaired by Ranjit Rajan, IDC's associate vice president for research in MEA, the next session examined the ways in which breakthrough tech innovations are shaping the region's progress. The session featured a fascinating glimpse into the future of work from Brigadier Khaled Al Razooqi, General Director of Smart Services at Dubai Police, who discussed the disruptive nature of robotics and other automated systems, and provide a view into the workplace of the future. The day ended with a series of informative CIO Workshops that leveraged IDC's groundbreaking IT Executive Programs to provide attendees with in-depth insights into the following topics: Developing Skills for the Digital World DevOps Practices that Deliver Transformation & Cost Reduction Leading in 3D: 100 Days to Set the Stage for Digital Transformation The Shortcomings of Bimodal IT: Digital Transformation Demands a Full Spectrum Leadership Model Day 2 of the Middle East CIO Summit gets underway at 8.30 tomorrow morning and will feature two parallel technology tracks for CIOs to choose from ('Maximizing Performance with Software-Defined Infrastructure' and 'Truth or Dare: Reality & Risks in Today’s Digital Security World'), ensuring there has never been greater scope for attendees to tailor their Summit experience to directly reflect their own individual needs. IDC's valued partners for the 10th anniversary Middle East CIO Summit include Etisalat, Dell EMC, and Intel as Summit Partners; Schneider Electric as Platinum Partner; Veeam, VMware, Red Hat, Fidelis Cybersecurity, Nutanix, and Fire Eye as Gold Partners; Misys, Juniper, BARQ Systems, Commvault, and Nexthink as Focus Group Partners; and Automic, AGC Networks, and Hewlett Packard Enterprise as Lunch Partners. For more information, please contact David Hammett on +971 4 391 3433 or at dhammett@idc.com. You can also tweet about the summit using the hashtag #IDCMECIO or visit the dedicated event website at www.idcmesummit2017.com. About IDC International Data Corporation (IDC) is the premier global provider of market intelligence, advisory services, and events for the information technology, telecommunications, and consumer technology markets. With more than 1,100 analysts worldwide, IDC offers global, regional, and local expertise on technology and industry opportunities and trends in over 110 countries. IDC's analysis and insight helps IT professionals, business executives, and the investment community to make fact-based technology decisions and to achieve their key business objectives. Founded in 1964, IDC is a subsidiary of IDG, the world's leading technology media, research, and events company. To learn more about IDC, please visit www.idc.com. Follow IDC on Twitter at @IDC.  IDC in the Middle East, Africa, and Turkey  For the Middle East, Africa, and Turkey region, IDC retains a coordinated network of offices in Riyadh, Casablanca, Nairobi, Lagos, Johannesburg, Cairo, and Istanbul, with a regional center in Dubai. Our coverage couples local insight with an international perspective to provide a comprehensive understanding of markets in these dynamic regions. Our market intelligence services are unparalleled in depth, consistency, scope, and accuracy. IDC Middle East, Africa, and Turkey currently fields over 130 analysts, consultants, and conference associates across the region. To learn more about IDC MEA, please visit www.idc-cema.com. You can follow IDC MEA on Twitter at @IDCMEA. © Press Release 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News BNY Mellon Appoints Paul Farrell as Head of Sales and Relationship Management for Corporate Trust in MENA 07 March 2017Paul Farrell has been appointed head of Sales and Relationship Management for Corporate Trust in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA). Farrell is based in Dubai and reports to Aidan Canny, Managing Director of Regional Markets and Investment Managers for Corporate Trust in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA).“Paul’s deep understanding of the regional fiduciary infrastructure 3 hours ago FSI Middle East is appointed to supply and deliver FM software solutions to Saudi National Industrial Training Institute (NITI) 24 hours ago Mohammed bin Rashid appoints Helal Humaid Saed Al Kaabi as Vice Chairman of Emirates Global Centre for Accreditation This Decree is valid from 18 1 day ago Waseela appoints new chief technical officer 2 days ago GlassPoint gears-up for expansion with key Omani project development team appointments 2 days ago  from TRACCS The Ritz-Carlton, Bahrain appoints new General manager 02 Mar 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
  SOFTPEDIA®   Windows   Drivers   Games   Mac   Android   Linux   News Softpedia > News > Mobile World FLASH SALE: Audials One 2017      40% OFF! Google May Ditch 3.5mm Headphone Jacks on Next Pixel Phones GO Google already started working on the Pixel 2 Mar 7, 2017 07:46 GMT  ·  By Alexandra Vaidos  ·  Share:  Reports about the upcoming Pixel smartphone have already started surfacing, although the phone is expected to arrive sometime in October. Google has started working on the next Pixel phone and a recent report says that it might not have a 3.5mm headphone jack. An internal Google document was seen by 9to5Google and it suggested that the tech company might ditch the 3.5mm headphone jack on new Pixel smartphones. The actual documentation wasn’t shared and at this point, there aren’t any other reports suggesting the same move, so take this information with a grain of salt. The removal of the 3.5mm headphone jack would certainly be a bold move for Google, especially since the company highlighted the feature on Pixel and Pixel XL phones over Apple’s iPhone 7 offerings from last year. Pixel 2 will remain a premium smartphone Apple’s decision to remove the 3.5mm jack was criticized by some, but recent financial reports have shown that the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were well received on the market, despite the fact that AirPods did record some delays at launch. If Google will indeed ditch the 3.5mm jack, then the company would have to offer wireless headphones or find an alternative for consumers. Google highlighting 3.5mm jack on Pixel phones Other recent reports say that Pixel 2 will come with waterproof certification, a feature that many Pixel owners would have wanted to have on their smartphones. In addition, Google has started testing multiple Pixel 2 models with a variety of chipsets, including Snapdragon 83X and Intel chips. At some point, the company even tested MediaTek chips, but has apparently decided not to go with such processors. The Pixel 2 might not see an increased MP size in the rear camera, but rather compensate in extra features. Pixel and Pixel XL phones released last year had some of the best cameras on a smartphone, being one of the main selling points for the two phones.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #Google#Pixel#Pixel XL#Pixel 2#3.5mm jack subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Google Pixel XL (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Google Releases March Security Update for Nexus and Pixel Devices Google Reportedly Working on Budget Phone Without Pixel Branding Google Assistant Could Soon Arrive on Apple's iPhone Google Assistant Starts Arriving on Eligible Nougat and Marshmallow Devices Third-Party Windows Updates Kind of Risky, Security Expert Says Google May Ditch 3.5mm Headphone Jacks on Next Pixel Phones AMD Rolls Out Its New Crimson ReLive Graphics Driver - Get Version 17.3.1 Google Play Celebrates Five Years, Here Are the Most Downloaded Games and Apps Samsung Confirms Delay of Android Nougat Update to Galaxy S6 and S6 edge Third-Party Windows Updates Kind of Risky, Security Expert Says Google May Ditch 3.5mm Headphone Jacks on Next Pixel Phones AMD Rolls Out Its New Crimson ReLive Graphics Driver - Get Version 17.3.1 2 photos    Pixel XL New Android APKs SecondScreen APK: Updated March 7th, 08:29 GMT NHL APK: Updated March 7th, 08:14 GMT Wire APK: Updated March 7th, 08:12 GMT Curiosity APK: Updated March 7th, 08:11 GMT Bubble Witch 3 Saga APK: Updated March 7th, 08:09 GMT Network Signal Guru APK: Updated March 7th, 08:07 GMT Wireless Audio-Multiroom (Tab) APK: Updated March 7th, 08:00 GMT Reader comments Galaxy Note 8 Codenamed “Great,” Samsung Still Working on Refurbished Note 7 more on: Samsung i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
India World Videos Photos Cricket Movies Auto Sports Lifestyle Tech Education Business Cosmopolitan NEWS LIST INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS News Inbox Top News Most Read Editor's Picks Funalytics Opinion Hot Right Now See MoreSee Less India Today NEWS TV MAGAZINE Search Supplements Archive Spice Home Aspire Woman Simply Delhi News Magazine Leisure facbook twitter googlepluse Tech@MWC2017 Here are the new launches announced at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona that will hit Indian shores by mid-2017. Nidhi Singal  Follow @nidhisinghal    Nidhi.Singal@intoday.com March 3, 2017 | UPDATED 13:07 IST A +A - HP Pro X2 616G2 Take a look at the new gadgets launched at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona that will hit Indian shores by mid-2017. Nokia 3310 HMD Global gives the Nokia 3310 a new lease of life. This feature phone has a 2.4-inch QVGA display, a 2MP camera with LED flash and 2100mAh battery. It has a basic Opera Mini web browser, but its battery will last a month on standby mode. Talktime is 22 hours on single charge. (And, yes, it has the Snake game too.) Gear VR with Controller Samsung's latest boasts 42mm lenses with a 101? field of view. The controller has a touchpad and buttons to point, drag and drop, tilt and shoot and features a trigger for gaming. HP Pro X2 616G2 This 2-in-1 detachable has a generation 7 Intel processor, and features presentation mode, inking mode for taking notes, tablet mode for data collection and notebook mode. Huawei Watch 2 Running Android Wear 2.0, it has a 1.2-inch display on a 12.6mm thick dial. It has everything you'd expect of a smartwatch, including Google Assistant and Watch Pay support. BlackBerry KeyOne Features a 4.5-inch display, and runs on Android Nougat (v7.1). Has a fingerprint sensor under the home button, and the keys can be assigned as shortcuts for apps.     For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @indiatoday and on Facebook at facebook.com/IndiaToday For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in. ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.     # Mobile World Congress 2017# Barcelona   Suggested Stories Recommended Watch Right Now Top Takes NEWS INDIA WORLD PHOTOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS SITEMAP Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.       
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 March 2017 by Military News Micro Server Market Expansion to be Persistent During 2016 – 2022 The Micro Server Market report provides in-depth analysis of parent market trends, macro-economic indicators and governing factors along with market attractiveness as per segments. The report also maps the qualitative impact of various market factors on market segments and geographies.  Micro Server Market: Drivers and Challenges  There is high chances of growth for global micro server market during the forecast period especially in the technological advanced regions. The global micro server market is expected to grow with tremendous CAGR till the end of 2022. The key industry trend of micro server market is the increased growth rate of infrastructure for cloud and data centers especially in the technological emerging region as Asia Pacific and Western Europe as compare to North America. The key growth drivers of micro server market the advantages provided by micro server over the traditional large servers as lower power consumption and companies space saver, For last some years cloud computing and web hosting market is continuously growing, which in turn drive the growth of micro server market. Also with increased growth of hyperscale data centers architectures, global microserver market is been driven. On the other hand usage of microserver is limited only to small and medium enterprises, lack of awareness & standard specification are some of the restraints hindering the growth of global micro server market. Micro Server Market: Key Players  The key players of global micro server market are ARM Ltd., Hewlett Packard Co., Dell Inc., Intel Corporation, Advanced Micro Devices, Marvel Technology, Penguin Computing, Inc., Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., Tilera Corp., MiTac International Corp, Penguin Computing, Inc. & others. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/8392 Micro Server Market: Regional Overview Geographically, micro server market is segmented into seven regions which are ; North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Japan, Asia Pacific Excluding Japan (APEJ), and Middle East and Africa (MEA). Among all the seven region North America is the highest contributor in term of revenue in global micro server market which covers about 40% of global market, and Asia Pacific is the fastest growing market for micro server solution providers across the globe. Browse Full Report summary and to request sample report and table of content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/micro-server-market.asp CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, Computing, Google News, Industry, Machinery, Markets, Micro Server, Micro Server Market, satPRnews, Space, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bit Error Rate (BER) Tester Market to Garner Brimming Revenues by 2021 Next PostNext China Lignosulphonate Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2022 Search Recent Posts Final Results „The Pet Water Bottle”: Provides Fresh Water for Hot, Thirsty Dog on Long Walks „The Slicer”: Cuts Perfect Sized Pizza Slices Every Time „Quit Smoking Live Longer”: The System That Weans Smoker’s Body of Nicotine Needs „The Interior Car Cover”: Color Coordination With a Protective Purpose Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content App RSS SPH A Singapore press holdings portal SearchLogIn Home News Latest Opinion Science And Tech Crime Entertainment Sports The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history The Straits Times Singapore's grand old dames Reuters This pendant is perfect for those lazy to type The Star/ANN PM Najib to N. Korea: Release our people Reuters US starts deploying anti-missile system in S.Korea after defiant North's latest test Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history The Straits Times Singapore's grand old dames Reuters This pendant is perfect for those lazy to type The Star/ANN PM Najib to N. Korea: Release our people Reuters US starts deploying anti-missile system in S.Korea after defiant North's latest test Singapore The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history The Straits Times Singapore's grand old dames Reuters This pendant is perfect for those lazy to type The Star/ANN PM Najib to N. Korea: Release our people Reuters US starts deploying anti-missile system in S.Korea after defiant North's latest test Business The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history The Straits Times Singapore's grand old dames Reuters This pendant is perfect for those lazy to type The Star/ANN PM Najib to N. Korea: Release our people Reuters US starts deploying anti-missile system in S.Korea after defiant North's latest test Malaysia The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history The Straits Times Singapore's grand old dames Reuters This pendant is perfect for those lazy to type The Star/ANN PM Najib to N. Korea: Release our people Reuters US starts deploying anti-missile system in S.Korea after defiant North's latest test Asia The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history The Straits Times Singapore's grand old dames Reuters This pendant is perfect for those lazy to type The Star/ANN PM Najib to N. Korea: Release our people Reuters US starts deploying anti-missile system in S.Korea after defiant North's latest test World The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history The Straits Times Singapore's grand old dames Reuters This pendant is perfect for those lazy to type The Star/ANN PM Najib to N. Korea: Release our people Reuters US starts deploying anti-missile system in S.Korea after defiant North's latest test Forum Services Horoscope Chinese Zodiac Currency Converter 4D, TOTO & SWEEP Weather toggle menu Search LogIn News Singapore Business Asia World Malaysia Crime Transport Entertainment Sports Opinion Science & Tech Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital Luxury Founders' stories etch out school's history Singapore's grand old dames This pendant is perfect for those lazy to type PM Najib to N. Korea: Release our people US starts deploying anti-missile system in S.Korea after defiant North's latest test OCBC joins home loans war among local banks Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei cluster a model for other megacities Singapore sets sights on fly-cruise tourism Philippines slams US drama for president's sexual advance Four drug suspects killed as police resume drugs war operations Broadcast laws to be updated this year MOM stops work on Braddell flyover Asia Reuters Tuesday, Mar 7, 2017 Share this article News PostPurchase this article for republication. Tags kathmandu trekking fell Asia Australian man dies on descent from Everest Base Camp Reuters | Tuesday, Mar 7, 2017 Mount Everest Photo: The Straits Times Reuters Tuesday, Mar 7, 2017 A 49-year-old Australian man has died while descending from Mount Everest Base Camp while trekking in the Himalayas, according to a trekking group. Australian trekker Matthew Paul Jones experienced high altitude sickness close to Base Camp and died on Friday, said Pardip Karki, manager of the Trekking Agencies' Association of Nepal. Karki said a post-mortem on Jones' body had been completed and his body would be sent back to Australia once the necessary documentation had been completed with the help of embassy representatives and friends who were trekking with him. Read also: This 16-year-old Malaysian made his way to Everest, on his own A spokeswoman for the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said they were providing consular assistance to the man's family. Australian media reported that Jones was from Melbourne and had been an employee with Intel for 16 years. Everest Base Camp is 5,335 m (17,500 ft) above sea level. 332654 2016-10-17 11:32:15 Photo Gallery A Nepali adventure on Mount Everest with a 3-year-old Source: Stefen Chow A university lecturer from Melbourne died from altitude sickness on Mount Everest last year. The climbing season saw a high number of fatalities in 2016 as climbers flocked to the 8,850-metre (29,035-foot) summit for the first time after an avalanche, triggered by a 7.8-magnitude earthquake, struck Base Camp in 2015. Sign up for our e-newsletter now! Get all the latest news, lifestyle and trending stories, delivered to your inbox! Name Email Address I have read and accept the Privacy Policy Please wait No comments yet. Be the first to post comment. follow us SHOPPING Stay tuned to WomansTalk every Tuesday & Thursday! Super Auction Q!! Over 100 deals fr. $1! Bid now! Get Your iPhone & Accessories at Attractive Prices Power Up Your Luck with These Accessories Today! About Us Contact Us Privacy Statement Follow Us Tell Us   Name * Email Address * Comment * Submit SPH DIGITAL NEWS / ASIAONE GROUP / Copyright © 2017. Singapore Press Holdings Ltd . Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. Terms & Conditions | Personal Data Protection Statement
Photos Videos Topics Live AUS 101/6 (27.5) - IND 274/10 (97.1) Live SL 130/3 (48.5) - BAN (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# IPL 2017 Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home World Australian man dies on descent from Everest Base Camp Shares1 Tue, 7 Mar 2017-08:48am , Reuters A 49-year-old Australian man has died while descending from Mount Everest Base Camp while trekking in the Himalayas, according to a trekking group. Australian trekker Matthew Paul Jones experienced high altitude sickness close to Base Camp and died on Friday, said Pardip Karki, manager of the Trekking Agencies' Association of Nepal. Karki said a post-mortem on Jones' body had been completed and his body would be sent back to Australia once the necessary documentation had been completed with the help of embassy representatives and friends who were trekking with him. A spokeswoman for the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said they were providing consular assistance to the man's family. Australian media reported that Jones was from Melbourne and had been an employee with Intel for 16 years. Everest Base Camp is 5,335 m (17,500 ft) above sea level. A university lecturer from Melbourne died from altitude sickness on Mount Everest last year. The climbing season saw a high number of fatalities in 2016 as climbers flocked to the 8,850-metre (29,035-foot) summit for the first time after an avalanche, triggered by a 7.8-magnitude earthquake, struck Base Camp in 2015. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Amid intense criticism, US Republicans unveil plan to dismantle Obamacare World Kim Jong-nam murder: North Korea bans all Malaysians from leaving country World Khizr Khan, who criticised Trump cancels Canada visit after 'travel privileges under review' World US President Donald Trump signs new travel ban order, raises bar for legal challenges World Escaping ISIS hell: 18-year-old Yazidi Aji Bashar recounts her heroic tale of flight for freedom World US issues travel advisory to citizens for Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan Live Cricket Score Live AUS 101/6 (27.5), 276/10 (122.4) IND 274/10 (97.1), 189/10 (71.2) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 130/3 (48.5) BAN (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related As Benjamin Netanyahu faces police questioning, rivals look "post-Bibi" Donald Trump softens stand on immigration, favours merit-based system Australian accused of planning to help Islamic State develop missiles Video Watch: What the hell is Chammak Challo? Here's what happens when you rewrite sexist Bollywood lyrics! WATCH: This song about demonetization blues is a laugh riot! WATCH: Mallika Dua has a hilarious way to promote safe sex in AIB's new video! View all Tags Australia Melbourne Foreign Affairs Himalayas Intel Everest Base Camp Australian Department SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News China commits $3.4 bln for Philippine infra projects Turkey, Russia, US military chiefs hold talks in Turkey Water level in 91 major reservoirs dips to 41 per cent: Centre 2,100 Iran fighters killed in Iraq, Syria: official Turkey military says chief meeting U.S., Russian counterparts on Syria Sport Rugby-Lions without five Boks for Buenos Aires cat fight OPPO becomes new Team India sponsor, replaces Star India Champions League: Barcelona believe in Paris Saint-Germain 'miracle' mission Tennis-Tennis Australia president Healy to resign next month `Out-of-favour` Akmal declares himself fit to make Pak return Entertainment Bipasha Basu BREAKS SILENCE on being accused of unprofessional behaviour! CBFC wants 11 cuts in 'Anaarkali of Aarah': producer After his stellar performance in Karan Johar produced I'll beg, borrow or steal but make my next film: Rajat Kapoor Women's Day 2017: Malaika Arora talks about celebrating woman power! Money Cadila inks pact with Supernus Pharma to settle patent issue Mutual fund assets hit record Rs 17.9 trillion at Feb-end India announces new licensing policy to boost oil output DGH head Atanu Chakraborty in a presentation at the China Feb FX reserves rebound above $3 trln, first rise in 8 months Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Coverage of Disruptive Science and Technology Forum About Contact Facebook twitter Google March 04, 2017 Hottest areas in Artificial Intelligence artificial intelligence, business, commercialization, economic impact, future Facebook Twitter linkedin google Reddit IDC sees widespread adoption of cognitive systems and artificial intelligence (AI) across a broad range of industries will drive worldwide revenues from nearly $8.0 billion in 2016 to more than $47 billion in 2020. According to a new Worldwide Semiannual Cognitive/Artificial Intelligence Systems Spending Guide from International Data Corporation (IDC), the market for cognitive/AI solutions will experience a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 55.1% over the 2016-2020 forecast period. "Near-term opportunities for cognitive systems are in industries such as banking, securities and investments, and manufacturing," said Jessica Goepfert, program director, Customer Insights and Analysis at IDC. "In these segments, we find a wealth of unstructured data, a desire to harness insights from this information, and an openness to innovative technologies. Furthermore, the value proposition of cognitive systems aligns well with industry executives' chief priorities. For instance, cognitive technologies are being used in the banking industry to detect and combat fraud – consistently a top industry pain point. Meanwhile, in manufacturing, executives cite improving product quality as a top initiative. In this case, cognitive systems recognize and know how to respond to dynamic fluctuations in product specs by adapting the production to stay within quality targets." The industries that will invest the most in cognitive/AI systems in 2016 are banking and retail, followed by healthcare and discrete manufacturing. Combined, these four industries will generate more than half of all worldwide cognitive/AI revenues in 2016, with banking and retail each delivering nearly $1.5 billion. Healthcare and discrete manufacturing will deliver the greatest revenue growth over the 2016-2020 forecast period, with CAGRs of 69.3% and 61.4%, respectively. Education and process manufacturing will also experience significant growth over the forecast period. Nearly half of all cognitive/AI revenue throughout the forecast will go to software, which includes both cognitive applications (i.e., text and rich media analytics, tagging, searching, machine learning, categorization, clustering, hypothesis generation, question answering, visualization, filtering, alerting, and navigation) and cognitive software platforms, which facilitate the development of intelligent, advisory, and cognitively enabled solutions. As both the largest and fastest-growing category, cognitive applications spending is forecast to reach $18.2 billion in 2020. Cognitive/AI-related services (business services and IT consulting) represent the second largest revenue category while hardware revenues (primarily from dedicated purchases of servers and storage) will grow nearly as fast as software with five-year CAGRs of more than 60%. Hottest AI technologies: 1. Natural Language Generation: Producing text from computer data. Currently used in customer service, report generation, and summarizing business intelligence insights. Sample vendors: Attivio, Automated Insights, Cambridge Semantics, Digital Reasoning, Lucidworks, Narrative Science, SAS, Yseop. 2. Speech Recognition: Transcribe and transform human speech into format useful for computer applications. Currently used in interactive voice response systems and mobile applications. Sample vendors: NICE, Nuance Communications, OpenText, Verint Systems. 3. Virtual Agents: “The current darling of the media,” says Forrester (like Amazon Alexa), from simple chatbots to advanced systems that can network with humans. Currently used in customer service and support and as a smart home manager. Sample vendors: Amazon, Apple, Artificial Solutions, Assist AI, Creative Virtual, Google, IBM, IPsoft, Microsoft, Satisfi. 4. Machine Learning Platforms: Providing algorithms, APIs, development and training toolkits, data, as well as computing power to design, train, and deploy models into applications, processes, and other machines. Currently used in a wide range of enterprise applications, mostly `involving prediction or classification. Sample vendors: Amazon, Fractal Analytics, Google, H2O.ai, Microsoft, SAS, Skytree. 5. AI-optimized Hardware: Graphics processing units (GPU) and appliances specifically designed and architected to efficiently run AI-oriented computational jobs. Currently primarily making a difference in deep learning applications. Sample vendors: Alluviate, Cray, Google, IBM, Intel, Nvidia. 6. Decision Management: Engines that insert rules and logic into AI systems and used for initial setup/training and ongoing maintenance and tuning. 7. Deep Learning Platforms: Currently primarily used in pattern recognition and classification applications supported by very large data sets. Sample vendors: Deep Instinct, Ersatz Labs, Fluid AI, MathWorks, Peltarion, Saffron Technology, Sentient Technologies. Deep Instinct is the first to apply deep learning to cybersecurity. They claim superior zero day attack production for endpoints and mobile devices. Mumbai-based Fluid AI was founded in 2008, by two brothers Abhinav Aggarwal and Raghav Aggarwal, with a belief that the power of artificial intelligence can be used across industries, sectors and use cases. They have about a staff of 50 now. Fluid AI offers machine learning driven decision making for various business operations, and on the other it is creating virtual customer assistance for firms with a physical presence. AI Driven Operational Decision Making “The AI technology uses genetically evolving neural networks to create over 100,000 iterative models from the data sources given to us by the clients. It studies the data pattern which arises from the model evolves accordingly and improves feedbacks whenever the market conditions change.” says Abhinav. The company offers a Plug and Play artificial intelligence system, which can be installed in any system. It connects to hundreds of data sources within and outside the server and gives the suggestions based on the previously collected data. 8. Biometrics 9. Robotic Process Automation: Using scripts and other methods to automate human action to support efficient business processes. Currently used where it’s too expensive or inefficient for humans to execute a task or a process. Sample vendors: Advanced Systems Concepts, Automation Anywhere, Blue Prism, UiPath, WorkFusion. 10. Text Analytics and NLP: Author: brian wang on 3/04/2017 Facebook Twitter linkedin google Reddit Newer Post Older Post Home Форма для связи Name Email * Message * Archive ▼  2017 (429) ►  03/05 - 03/12 (13) ▼  02/26 - 03/05 (65) Claimed solid metallic hydrogen sample was lost Hottest areas in Artificial Intelligence Plans for a new US super tank with an electrotherm... Total global satellite plans could have around 20,... China will raise defense budget by about 7% in 201... Joe Flanigan tried to buy the Stargate franchise Star Trek Axanar update and Chasing the Infinite S... Video of Jeff Bezos describing his space plans Bezos’s plan to set up Amazon-like delivery for ‘f... Bigelow Aerospace offers plan for an expandable sp... MIT makes new form of matter which is a crystallin... Military Industrial complex pushing for more than ... 4 Megawatt modular micro nuclear reactor is in Can... Labor participation dropping in US and Sweden but ... 2 megabytes encoded in DNA at density of 215 petab... AC-130 combat laser tests might start by the end o... Lithium-Ion Battery Inventor Introduces New Techno... Shaped femtosecond laser pulses might be able to i... Full scale models have been made of the fifth gene... Supercritical nuclear reactor designs from Russia Russia's first new VVER-1200 reactor is officially... Sweden re-activates military draft over concerns a... China will complete five nuclear reactors in 2017 ... The Upside of Geopolitical Unpredictability and un... Gene Therapy cures sickle cell in teenage boy Russia has drone delivered by rocket launcher for ... How fast and impactful will artificial intelligenc... Inductive heating of Magnetic Nanoparticles enable... Computing exponentially faster using DNA LINE announces the AI ​​based "Clova" IBM and Warwick Image Highly Reactive Triangular M... More rigid molecular magnets could boost hard driv... Contoured 180 watt Solar roof for electric and hyb... China also working to add hypersonic warheads to s... NASA Wind Tunnel Tests Lockheed Martin’s X-Plane D... China has new infantry fighting vehicle RRAM/PCM-Based Brain-Gates China's New economy is about 30% of the overall ec... Could robotics enable a complete or near complete ... Pentagon needs to create an independent orbital mi... Boston Dynamics making a new walking, jumping and ... Costs for orbital space tourism have gone up from ... US Army continuing de-modernization and sticking w... China now fears underpopulation and is considering... Google lawsuit against Uber could mean multi-billi... Softbank used Tech Singularity as marketing pitch ... Optomechanical Microwave Quantum Illumination in W... Large scale 1000 mile quantum networks less diffic... More technical details about China's Quantum Radar... 12 layers of kevlar in bullet proof origami shield... Spacex will fly private citizens on lunar orbiting... Trump proposing to shift about $54 billion from St... Japanese Billionaire is creating a $100 billion in... Unique Mobile users will pass 5 billon this year a... South Korea developed K2 Panther Tank from Abrams ... Metamaterial that bends, shapes and focuses sound ... Superconductivity in a chiral nanotube Nuclear Energy Weekly News 349 Budget and tax plan details expected on Tuesday in... Tesla expects 110,000 model 3s in 2017 and over 26... Carnival of Space 498 Bioprinter makes fully functional human skin Big permanent moonbase by 2021 using Spacex and Bi... Unfortunately Game Over for Actor Bill Paxton who ... Does child survival make for smaller family sizes?... ►  02/19 - 02/26 (53) ►  02/12 - 02/19 (31) ►  02/05 - 02/12 (43) ►  01/29 - 02/05 (44) ►  01/22 - 01/29 (36) ►  01/15 - 01/22 (46) ►  01/08 - 01/15 (49) ►  01/01 - 01/08 (49) ►  2016 (2297) ►  12/25 - 01/01 (34) ►  12/18 - 12/25 (50) ►  12/11 - 12/18 (54) ►  12/04 - 12/11 (50) ►  11/27 - 12/04 (53) ►  11/20 - 11/27 (37) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (55) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (60) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (64) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (52) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (60) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (42) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (48) ►  09/25 - 10/02 (49) ►  09/18 - 09/25 (58) ►  09/11 - 09/18 (34) ►  09/04 - 09/11 (44) ►  08/28 - 09/04 (73) ►  08/21 - 08/28 (59) ►  08/14 - 08/21 (55) ►  08/07 - 08/14 (35) ►  07/31 - 08/07 (43) ►  07/24 - 07/31 (46) ►  07/17 - 07/24 (65) ►  07/10 - 07/17 (65) ►  07/03 - 07/10 (61) ►  06/26 - 07/03 (46) ►  06/19 - 06/26 (58) ►  06/12 - 06/19 (58) ►  06/05 - 06/12 (50) ►  05/29 - 06/05 (42) ►  05/22 - 05/29 (37) ►  05/15 - 05/22 (37) ►  05/08 - 05/15 (35) ►  05/01 - 05/08 (36) ►  04/24 - 05/01 (28) ►  04/17 - 04/24 (33) ►  04/10 - 04/17 (29) ►  04/03 - 04/10 (53) ►  03/27 - 04/03 (20) ►  03/20 - 03/27 (40) ►  03/13 - 03/20 (23) ►  03/06 - 03/13 (32) ►  02/28 - 03/06 (27) ►  02/21 - 02/28 (26) ►  02/14 - 02/21 (37) ►  02/07 - 02/14 (42) ►  01/31 - 02/07 (32) ►  01/24 - 01/31 (33) ►  01/17 - 01/24 (28) ►  01/10 - 01/17 (36) ►  01/03 - 01/10 (33) ►  2015 (1921) ►  12/27 - 01/03 (51) ►  12/20 - 12/27 (33) ►  12/13 - 12/20 (26) ►  12/06 - 12/13 (37) ►  11/29 - 12/06 (38) ►  11/22 - 11/29 (49) ►  11/15 - 11/22 (33) ►  11/08 - 11/15 (40) ►  11/01 - 11/08 (43) ►  10/25 - 11/01 (48) ►  10/18 - 10/25 (40) ►  10/11 - 10/18 (42) ►  10/04 - 10/11 (39) ►  09/27 - 10/04 (28) ►  09/20 - 09/27 (38) ►  09/13 - 09/20 (31) ►  09/06 - 09/13 (38) ►  08/30 - 09/06 (41) ►  08/23 - 08/30 (42) ►  08/16 - 08/23 (41) ►  08/09 - 08/16 (39) ►  08/02 - 08/09 (35) ►  07/26 - 08/02 (35) ►  07/19 - 07/26 (42) ►  07/12 - 07/19 (43) ►  07/05 - 07/12 (46) ►  06/28 - 07/05 (21) ►  06/21 - 06/28 (25) ►  06/14 - 06/21 (42) ►  06/07 - 06/14 (29) ►  05/31 - 06/07 (29) ►  05/24 - 05/31 (33) ►  05/17 - 05/24 (51) ►  05/10 - 05/17 (44) ►  05/03 - 05/10 (28) ►  04/26 - 05/03 (34) ►  04/19 - 04/26 (33) ►  04/12 - 04/19 (32) ►  04/05 - 04/12 (24) ►  03/29 - 04/05 (34) ►  03/22 - 03/29 (28) ►  03/15 - 03/22 (42) ►  03/08 - 03/15 (38) ►  03/01 - 03/08 (33) ►  02/22 - 03/01 (28) ►  02/15 - 02/22 (36) ►  02/08 - 02/15 (25) ►  02/01 - 02/08 (34) ►  01/25 - 02/01 (49) ►  01/18 - 01/25 (45) ►  01/11 - 01/18 (43) ►  01/04 - 01/11 (43) ►  2014 (1818) ►  12/28 - 01/04 (27) ►  12/21 - 12/28 (32) ►  12/14 - 12/21 (39) ►  12/07 - 12/14 (46) ►  11/30 - 12/07 (44) ►  11/23 - 11/30 (21) ►  11/16 - 11/23 (42) ►  11/09 - 11/16 (40) ►  11/02 - 11/09 (35) ►  10/26 - 11/02 (49) ►  10/19 - 10/26 (37) ►  10/12 - 10/19 (38) ►  10/05 - 10/12 (34) ►  09/28 - 10/05 (37) ►  09/21 - 09/28 (37) ►  09/14 - 09/21 (39) ►  09/07 - 09/14 (34) ►  08/31 - 09/07 (34) ►  08/24 - 08/31 (30) ►  08/17 - 08/24 (44) ►  08/10 - 08/17 (44) ►  08/03 - 08/10 (34) ►  07/27 - 08/03 (34) ►  07/20 - 07/27 (23) ►  07/13 - 07/20 (21) ►  07/06 - 07/13 (37) ►  06/29 - 07/06 (17) ►  06/22 - 06/29 (38) ►  06/15 - 06/22 (32) ►  06/08 - 06/15 (34) ►  06/01 - 06/08 (43) ►  05/25 - 06/01 (32) ►  05/18 - 05/25 (34) ►  05/11 - 05/18 (34) ►  05/04 - 05/11 (28) ►  04/27 - 05/04 (30) ►  04/20 - 04/27 (40) ►  04/13 - 04/20 (32) ►  04/06 - 04/13 (41) ►  03/30 - 04/06 (41) ►  03/23 - 03/30 (18) ►  03/16 - 03/23 (32) ►  03/09 - 03/16 (32) ►  03/02 - 03/09 (35) ►  02/23 - 03/02 (32) ►  02/16 - 02/23 (26) ►  02/09 - 02/16 (36) ►  02/02 - 02/09 (29) ►  01/26 - 02/02 (35) ►  01/19 - 01/26 (43) ►  01/12 - 01/19 (46) ►  01/05 - 01/12 (46) ►  2013 (2117) ►  12/29 - 01/05 (50) ►  12/22 - 12/29 (31) ►  12/15 - 12/22 (47) ►  12/08 - 12/15 (44) ►  12/01 - 12/08 (57) ►  11/24 - 12/01 (51) ►  11/17 - 11/24 (46) ►  11/10 - 11/17 (39) ►  11/03 - 11/10 (48) ►  10/27 - 11/03 (53) ►  10/20 - 10/27 (48) ►  10/13 - 10/20 (37) ►  10/06 - 10/13 (52) ►  09/29 - 10/06 (51) ►  09/22 - 09/29 (39) ►  09/15 - 09/22 (44) ►  09/08 - 09/15 (38) ►  09/01 - 09/08 (38) ►  08/25 - 09/01 (56) ►  08/18 - 08/25 (43) ►  08/11 - 08/18 (40) ►  08/04 - 08/11 (54) ►  07/28 - 08/04 (52) ►  07/21 - 07/28 (25) ►  07/14 - 07/21 (28) ►  07/07 - 07/14 (31) ►  06/30 - 07/07 (29) ►  06/23 - 06/30 (29) ►  06/16 - 06/23 (35) ►  06/09 - 06/16 (41) ►  06/02 - 06/09 (39) ►  05/26 - 06/02 (34) ►  05/19 - 05/26 (49) ►  05/12 - 05/19 (37) ►  05/05 - 05/12 (48) ►  04/28 - 05/05 (37) ►  04/21 - 04/28 (44) ►  04/14 - 04/21 (39) ►  04/07 - 04/14 (33) ►  03/31 - 04/07 (37) ►  03/24 - 03/31 (37) ►  03/17 - 03/24 (36) ►  03/10 - 03/17 (37) ►  03/03 - 03/10 (52) ►  02/24 - 03/03 (40) ►  02/17 - 02/24 (35) ►  02/10 - 02/17 (27) ►  02/03 - 02/10 (34) ►  01/27 - 02/03 (36) ►  01/20 - 01/27 (32) ►  01/13 - 01/20 (27) ►  01/06 - 01/13 (51) ►  2012 (2728) ►  12/30 - 01/06 (29) ►  12/23 - 12/30 (34) ►  12/16 - 12/23 (45) ►  12/09 - 12/16 (41) ►  12/02 - 12/09 (51) ►  11/25 - 12/02 (39) ►  11/18 - 11/25 (63) ►  11/11 - 11/18 (50) ►  11/04 - 11/11 (60) ►  10/28 - 11/04 (40) ►  10/21 - 10/28 (39) ►  10/14 - 10/21 (51) ►  10/07 - 10/14 (50) ►  09/30 - 10/07 (37) ►  09/23 - 09/30 (44) ►  09/16 - 09/23 (38) ►  09/09 - 09/16 (41) ►  09/02 - 09/09 (52) ►  08/26 - 09/02 (45) ►  08/19 - 08/26 (44) ►  08/12 - 08/19 (52) ►  08/05 - 08/12 (53) ►  07/29 - 08/05 (53) ►  07/22 - 07/29 (46) ►  07/15 - 07/22 (39) ►  07/08 - 07/15 (53) ►  07/01 - 07/08 (48) ►  06/24 - 07/01 (51) ►  06/17 - 06/24 (57) ►  06/10 - 06/17 (54) ►  06/03 - 06/10 (48) ►  05/27 - 06/03 (51) ►  05/20 - 05/27 (62) ►  05/13 - 05/20 (45) ►  05/06 - 05/13 (54) ►  04/29 - 05/06 (59) ►  04/22 - 04/29 (68) ►  04/15 - 04/22 (54) ►  04/08 - 04/15 (54) ►  04/01 - 04/08 (70) ►  03/25 - 04/01 (74) ►  03/18 - 03/25 (65) ►  03/11 - 03/18 (63) ►  03/04 - 03/11 (71) ►  02/26 - 03/04 (57) ►  02/19 - 02/26 (58) ►  02/12 - 02/19 (38) ►  02/05 - 02/12 (54) ►  01/29 - 02/05 (50) ►  01/22 - 01/29 (60) ►  01/15 - 01/22 (62) ►  01/08 - 01/15 (52) ►  01/01 - 01/08 (60) ►  2011 (3141) ►  12/25 - 01/01 (35) ►  12/18 - 12/25 (53) ►  12/11 - 12/18 (58) ►  12/04 - 12/11 (77) ►  11/27 - 12/04 (78) ►  11/20 - 11/27 (67) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (76) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (70) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (44) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (62) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (54) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (58) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (65) ►  09/25 - 10/02 (63) ►  09/18 - 09/25 (57) ►  09/11 - 09/18 (57) ►  09/04 - 09/11 (60) ►  08/28 - 09/04 (70) ►  08/21 - 08/28 (47) ►  08/14 - 08/21 (46) ►  08/07 - 08/14 (42) ►  07/31 - 08/07 (51) ►  07/24 - 07/31 (46) ►  07/17 - 07/24 (45) ►  07/10 - 07/17 (54) ►  07/03 - 07/10 (71) ►  06/26 - 07/03 (54) ►  06/19 - 06/26 (70) ►  06/12 - 06/19 (51) ►  06/05 - 06/12 (57) ►  05/29 - 06/05 (32) ►  05/22 - 05/29 (60) ►  05/15 - 05/22 (69) ►  05/08 - 05/15 (52) ►  05/01 - 05/08 (71) ►  04/24 - 05/01 (52) ►  04/17 - 04/24 (58) ►  04/10 - 04/17 (67) ►  04/03 - 04/10 (69) ►  03/27 - 04/03 (75) ►  03/20 - 03/27 (70) ►  03/13 - 03/20 (89) ►  03/06 - 03/13 (65) ►  02/27 - 03/06 (68) ►  02/20 - 02/27 (55) ►  02/13 - 02/20 (57) ►  02/06 - 02/13 (50) ►  01/30 - 02/06 (79) ►  01/23 - 01/30 (73) ►  01/16 - 01/23 (65) ►  01/09 - 01/16 (70) ►  01/02 - 01/09 (57) ►  2010 (2288) ►  12/26 - 01/02 (24) ►  12/19 - 12/26 (41) ►  12/12 - 12/19 (59) ►  12/05 - 12/12 (53) ►  11/28 - 12/05 (61) ►  11/21 - 11/28 (55) ►  11/14 - 11/21 (46) ►  11/07 - 11/14 (54) ►  10/31 - 11/07 (48) ►  10/24 - 10/31 (60) ►  10/17 - 10/24 (38) ►  10/10 - 10/17 (40) ►  10/03 - 10/10 (39) ►  09/26 - 10/03 (47) ►  09/19 - 09/26 (45) ►  09/12 - 09/19 (39) ►  09/05 - 09/12 (50) ►  08/29 - 09/05 (61) ►  08/22 - 08/29 (50) ►  08/15 - 08/22 (44) ►  08/08 - 08/15 (56) ►  08/01 - 08/08 (57) ►  07/25 - 08/01 (42) ►  07/18 - 07/25 (37) ►  07/11 - 07/18 (29) ►  07/04 - 07/11 (40) ►  06/27 - 07/04 (33) ►  06/20 - 06/27 (44) ►  06/13 - 06/20 (45) ►  06/06 - 06/13 (48) ►  05/30 - 06/06 (30) ►  05/23 - 05/30 (40) ►  05/16 - 05/23 (43) ►  05/09 - 05/16 (43) ►  05/02 - 05/09 (38) ►  04/25 - 05/02 (44) ►  04/18 - 04/25 (40) ►  04/11 - 04/18 (34) ►  04/04 - 04/11 (43) ►  03/28 - 04/04 (40) ►  03/21 - 03/28 (40) ►  03/14 - 03/21 (44) ►  03/07 - 03/14 (36) ►  02/28 - 03/07 (46) ►  02/21 - 02/28 (43) ►  02/14 - 02/21 (38) ►  02/07 - 02/14 (53) ►  01/31 - 02/07 (42) ►  01/24 - 01/31 (33) ►  01/17 - 01/24 (41) ►  01/10 - 01/17 (41) ►  01/03 - 01/10 (51) ►  2009 (1346) ►  12/27 - 01/03 (22) ►  12/20 - 12/27 (32) ►  12/13 - 12/20 (33) ►  12/06 - 12/13 (39) ►  11/29 - 12/06 (42) ►  11/22 - 11/29 (29) ►  11/15 - 11/22 (42) ►  11/08 - 11/15 (35) ►  11/01 - 11/08 (30) ►  10/25 - 11/01 (34) ►  10/18 - 10/25 (36) ►  10/11 - 10/18 (38) ►  10/04 - 10/11 (38) ►  09/27 - 10/04 (36) ►  09/20 - 09/27 (31) ►  09/13 - 09/20 (28) ►  09/06 - 09/13 (27) ►  08/30 - 09/06 (25) ►  08/23 - 08/30 (18) ►  08/16 - 08/23 (24) ►  08/09 - 08/16 (26) ►  08/02 - 08/09 (28) ►  07/26 - 08/02 (33) ►  07/19 - 07/26 (21) ►  07/12 - 07/19 (14) ►  07/05 - 07/12 (15) ►  06/28 - 07/05 (14) ►  06/21 - 06/28 (25) ►  06/14 - 06/21 (33) ►  06/07 - 06/14 (19) ►  05/31 - 06/07 (28) ►  05/24 - 05/31 (18) ►  05/17 - 05/24 (14) ►  05/10 - 05/17 (20) ►  05/03 - 05/10 (15) ►  04/26 - 05/03 (24) ►  04/19 - 04/26 (18) ►  04/12 - 04/19 (26) ►  04/05 - 04/12 (19) ►  03/29 - 04/05 (16) ►  03/22 - 03/29 (17) ►  03/15 - 03/22 (25) ►  03/08 - 03/15 (30) ►  03/01 - 03/08 (21) ►  02/22 - 03/01 (21) ►  02/15 - 02/22 (24) ►  02/08 - 02/15 (30) ►  02/01 - 02/08 (29) ►  01/25 - 02/01 (18) ►  01/18 - 01/25 (21) ►  01/11 - 01/18 (27) ►  01/04 - 01/11 (18) ►  2008 (857) ►  12/28 - 01/04 (6) ►  12/21 - 12/28 (6) ►  12/14 - 12/21 (17) ►  12/07 - 12/14 (12) ►  11/30 - 12/07 (12) ►  11/23 - 11/30 (4) ►  11/16 - 11/23 (14) ►  11/09 - 11/16 (16) ►  11/02 - 11/09 (15) ►  10/26 - 11/02 (12) ►  10/19 - 10/26 (15) ►  10/12 - 10/19 (13) ►  10/05 - 10/12 (12) ►  09/28 - 10/05 (23) ►  09/21 - 09/28 (12) ►  09/14 - 09/21 (18) ►  09/07 - 09/14 (21) ►  08/31 - 09/07 (22) ►  08/24 - 08/31 (27) ►  08/17 - 08/24 (19) ►  08/10 - 08/17 (26) ►  08/03 - 08/10 (22) ►  07/27 - 08/03 (24) ►  07/20 - 07/27 (18) ►  07/13 - 07/20 (14) ►  07/06 - 07/13 (28) ►  06/29 - 07/06 (14) ►  06/22 - 06/29 (24) ►  06/15 - 06/22 (14) ►  06/08 - 06/15 (18) ►  06/01 - 06/08 (22) ►  05/25 - 06/01 (9) ►  05/18 - 05/25 (15) ►  05/11 - 05/18 (7) ►  05/04 - 05/11 (10) ►  04/27 - 05/04 (12) ►  04/20 - 04/27 (19) ►  04/13 - 04/20 (19) ►  04/06 - 04/13 (20) ►  03/30 - 04/06 (13) ►  03/23 - 03/30 (14) ►  03/16 - 03/23 (25) ►  03/09 - 03/16 (13) ►  03/02 - 03/09 (19) ►  02/24 - 03/02 (12) ►  02/17 - 02/24 (10) ►  02/10 - 02/17 (20) ►  02/03 - 02/10 (16) ►  01/27 - 02/03 (20) ►  01/20 - 01/27 (21) ►  01/13 - 01/20 (21) ►  01/06 - 01/13 (22) ►  2007 (954) ►  12/30 - 01/06 (10) ►  12/23 - 12/30 (12) ►  12/16 - 12/23 (21) ►  12/09 - 12/16 (16) ►  12/02 - 12/09 (12) ►  11/25 - 12/02 (24) ►  11/18 - 11/25 (17) ►  11/11 - 11/18 (29) ►  11/04 - 11/11 (20) ►  10/28 - 11/04 (14) ►  10/21 - 10/28 (20) ►  10/14 - 10/21 (26) ►  10/07 - 10/14 (27) ►  09/30 - 10/07 (18) ►  09/23 - 09/30 (14) ►  09/16 - 09/23 (26) ►  09/09 - 09/16 (14) ►  09/02 - 09/09 (1) ►  08/26 - 09/02 (12) ►  08/19 - 08/26 (13) ►  08/12 - 08/19 (11) ►  08/05 - 08/12 (6) ►  07/29 - 08/05 (10) ►  07/22 - 07/29 (32) ►  07/15 - 07/22 (11) ►  07/08 - 07/15 (19) ►  07/01 - 07/08 (9) ►  06/24 - 07/01 (29) ►  06/17 - 06/24 (23) ►  06/10 - 06/17 (21) ►  06/03 - 06/10 (15) ►  05/27 - 06/03 (15) ►  05/20 - 05/27 (24) ►  05/13 - 05/20 (21) ►  05/06 - 05/13 (21) ►  04/29 - 05/06 (33) ►  04/22 - 04/29 (20) ►  04/15 - 04/22 (24) ►  04/08 - 04/15 (15) ►  04/01 - 04/08 (17) ►  03/25 - 04/01 (19) ►  03/18 - 03/25 (18) ►  03/11 - 03/18 (14) ►  03/04 - 03/11 (12) ►  02/25 - 03/04 (26) ►  02/18 - 02/25 (20) ►  02/11 - 02/18 (21) ►  02/04 - 02/11 (19) ►  01/28 - 02/04 (15) ►  01/21 - 01/28 (19) ►  01/14 - 01/21 (30) ►  01/07 - 01/14 (19) ►  2006 (824) ►  12/31 - 01/07 (23) ►  12/24 - 12/31 (2) ►  12/17 - 12/24 (12) ►  12/10 - 12/17 (15) ►  12/03 - 12/10 (21) ►  11/26 - 12/03 (11) ►  11/19 - 11/26 (25) ►  11/12 - 11/19 (20) ►  11/05 - 11/12 (9) ►  10/29 - 11/05 (19) ►  10/22 - 10/29 (16) ►  10/15 - 10/22 (21) ►  10/08 - 10/15 (13) ►  10/01 - 10/08 (17) ►  09/24 - 10/01 (27) ►  09/17 - 09/24 (15) ►  09/10 - 09/17 (20) ►  09/03 - 09/10 (9) ►  08/27 - 09/03 (24) ►  08/20 - 08/27 (15) ►  08/13 - 08/20 (37) ►  08/06 - 08/13 (25) ►  07/30 - 08/06 (20) ►  07/23 - 07/30 (24) ►  07/16 - 07/23 (28) ►  07/02 - 07/09 (4) ►  06/25 - 07/02 (36) ►  06/18 - 06/25 (49) ►  06/11 - 06/18 (44) ►  06/04 - 06/11 (28) ►  05/28 - 06/04 (16) ►  05/21 - 05/28 (12) ►  05/14 - 05/21 (7) ►  05/07 - 05/14 (11) ►  04/23 - 04/30 (6) ►  04/16 - 04/23 (9) ►  04/09 - 04/16 (8) ►  04/02 - 04/09 (19) ►  03/26 - 04/02 (11) ►  03/19 - 03/26 (14) ►  03/12 - 03/19 (21) ►  03/05 - 03/12 (20) ►  02/26 - 03/05 (17) ►  02/19 - 02/26 (6) ►  02/12 - 02/19 (2) ►  02/05 - 02/12 (5) ►  01/29 - 02/05 (4) ►  01/22 - 01/29 (1) ►  01/15 - 01/22 (2) ►  01/01 - 01/08 (4) ►  2005 (59) ►  12/18 - 12/25 (3) ►  12/11 - 12/18 (4) ►  12/04 - 12/11 (5) ►  11/27 - 12/04 (6) ►  11/20 - 11/27 (6) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (6) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (6) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (6) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (1) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (3) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (8) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (5) ►  1999 (2) ►  11/14 - 11/21 (1) ►  07/25 - 08/01 (1) Top sites Oil Price Best of NextbigFuture in 2009 to Week 45 Biosingularity Brian's bio page at the Lifeboat Foundation Build new worlds = Go for Greatness Centauri Dreams Center for Responsible Nanotech Blog Coal is really bad Diamond semiconductors, MNT could break the improvement economic logjam Foresight nanodot Future Pundit Instapundit Kinematic Self-Replicating Machines book online Melanie Swan Futurememes Methuselah foundation blog Molecular nanotechnology search engine Nanotechnology Now Nextbigfuture Flipcard View No nukes means more coal Nuclear Cannon summary Nuclear Green - Charles Barton Quantum computer summary Space and nanotechnology Synthetic biology, DNA/RNA/Protein/self assembly pathway Thorium Energy Thorium, mass produced clean nuclear power Universe Today Blog~nano: Nanoscale Materials Lifeboat foundation blog Nanoparticle drug delivery Community Follow by Email Popular labels future (10730) science (5246) technology (4024) energy (3826) united states (2870) china (2793) world (2744) space (2717) nuclear (2250) physics (2104) economic impact (2090) medicine (1803) military (1508) materials (1472) japan (938) predictions (933) europe (895) robotics (766) russia (763) nasa (725) astronomy (716) gdp (676) oil (675) gadgets (669) environment (639) solar (629) launch (597) cars (595) google (590) disease (587) future weapons (585) economy (580) lasers (576) india (555) artificial intelligence (537) fusion (530) airplanes (529) darpa (527) batteries (517) canada (515) life extension (511) propulsion (495) computers (493) public health (488) internet (487) risks (480) policy (478) longevity (472) spacex (466) UK (460) politics (458) navy (450) population (450) brain (429) carbon nanotubes (413) carnival of space (398) electric cars (395) graphene (394) quantum computer (385) air force (372) sensors (367) cancer (361) telescope (360) Economics (359) controversial (359) deaths (354) DNA (349) nanotechnology (341) cities (340) gene therapy (333) qubits (333) smartphone (330) communication (323) elon musk (322) uranium (321) singularity (320) commercialization (319) enabling technology (315) War (313) electronics (312) coal (305) stem cells (303) transhuman (303) antiaging (302) Mars (292) molecular nanotechnology (283) nanoscale (280) climate change (275) fission (266) geopolitical (266) carnival of nuclear energy (265) wireless (264) metamaterials (263) superconductor (257) water (250) poverty (245) computer memory (244) UAV (238) asia (234) movies (231) air pollution (225) hypersonic (225) magnets (222) regeneration (221) gadget (219) supercomputer (218) dwave (217) mit (216) wind (213) apple (211) moon (211) army (204) africa (195) food (195) ibm (194) imaging (194) tissue engineering (194) 3d (193) SENS (192) public transportation (192) ships (192) additive manufacturing (191) television (191) intel (189) quantum effects (187) cold fusion (186) adiabatic quantum computer (185) drones (185) peak oil (181) wealth (181) buildings (180) agriculture (177) business (175) germany (175) colonization (174) synthetic biology (174) satellites (173) south korea (171) cellphone (169) displays (166) engineering (166) nanoparticles (161) broadband (158) gene sequencing (154) israel (153) lithography (153) DNA nanotechnology (151) australia (148) natural gas (148) thorium (147) genetic engineering (144) bootstrapping nanotechnology (143) taiwan (141) personalized medicine (138) computer architecture (137) aging (133) education (132) korea (131) NIAC (130) low energy nuclear reactions (130) superconductors (130) iran (129) nvidia (129) machine learning (128) aircraft (126) exoskeleton (125) bakken (124) transportation (124) weapons (124) computer (121) north dakota (121) fiction (120) samsung (120) self assembly (120) dense plasma focus (118) airplane (117) cameras (116) france (116) iphone (116) future weapons (115) hybrid (115) quantum dots (115) nanowires (114) mind computer interface (113) android (111) spintronics (109) asteroids (108) brain emulation (108) focus fusion (107) thermoelectric (107) optical networking (106) sander olson (106) skyscrapers (106) telescopes (106) geopolitics (105) microsoft (105) oceans (105) optical computing (105) room temperature superconductor (105) cyborg (104) microscopes (104) mathematics (103) diamond (102) proteins (102) rossi (101) interviews (100) singapore (100) exaflop (99) high speed rail (99) futurist (98) invisible (97) vaccines (97) printable electronics (96) molten salt (94) terahertz (93) tablets (92) petaflop (91) ultracapacitors (91) biofuels (90) engines (90) RNA (89) manufacturing (89) petaflops (89) intelligence (87) direct energy weapons (86) cognitive enhancement (85) iec fusion (84) concentrated solar power (83) supercomputers (82) nanomedicine (81) tablet (81) oilsands (80) faster than Moore's Law (79) finance (79) MEMS (78) deep learning (78) italy (78) nanomaterials (78) tesla (77) quantum annealing (76) smartphones (76) iraq (75) virus (75) california (74) memristors (74) neurons (74) railgun (74) regenerative medicine (74) GPGPU (73) performance enhancement (73) saudi arabia (73) submarine (73) cloud computing (71) jobs (71) alzheimer's (70) submarines (70) rapid manufacturing (68) crispr (67) entertainment (67) plasmonics (67) silicon photonics (67) global warming (66) nanostructured (66) robots (66) security (65) solar sail (65) economies (64) nanoparticle drug delivery (63) speculation (63) facebook (62) electric planes (61) transhumanist (61) algorithms (60) brazil (60) guided self assembly (60) ukraine (60) wearable electronics (60) DNA origami (59) deepwater oil (59) emdrive (59) mach effect (59) nextbigfuture (59) molecular electronics (58) ocean (58) planetary resources (58) alberta (57) oil shale (57) quantum computers (57) flexible electronics (56) HP (55) hydro (55) lab on a chip (55) radiation (54) rapid prototyping (53) biomarkers (51) lifeboat foundation (50) photonic propulsion (50) gpu (49) laser (49) self driving cars (48) amazon (47) memristor (47) myostatin inhibitors (47) fuel cells (46) mechanical nanotechnology (46) neuromorphic (46) AMD (45) active cloak (45) drexler (45) euv lithography (45) mundane singularity (45) pre-singularity (45) genome engineering (44) general fusion (43) Friedlander (42) genomics (42) star wars (42) teraflop (42) wealthy (42) broad group (41) electric bikes (41) exoplanets (41) holograms (41) space elevator (41) superlenses (41) video games (41) femtosecond laser (40) spaceplane (40) texas (40) mexico (39) nanophotonics (39) fish (38) precursor technology (38) programmable molecular nanotechnology (38) zettaflop (38) atomically precise manufacturing (37) high resolution (37) quantum (37) desalination (36) flash (36) millimeter wireless (36) policies (36) robot (36) surveillance (36) 3d. materials (35) augmented reality (35) blacklight power (35) indonesia (35) saskatchewan (35) terrorism (35) camera (34) construction (34) flu (34) drone (33) gigapixel (33) xprize (33) DNA synthesis (32) gigabit (32) mitochondria (32) nanopatterning (32) plasmons (32) Project Orion (31) gps (31) hyperloop (31) nanoelectronics (31) MRI (30) exaflops (30) fabber (30) silicon (30) diabetes (29) diamondoid mechanosynthesis (29) flying car (29) pollution (29) social media (29) virtual reality (29) geoengineering (28) hyperion power generation (28) bloodstream robots (27) carbon capture (27) challenges (27) gene synthesis (27) hunger (27) ocean mining (27) winterberg (27) RNA interference (26) crowdfunding (26) freitas (26) internet of things (26) star trek (26) teraflops (26) OLED (25) big data (25) casimir force (25) pathway (25) prediction (25) heartland robotics (24) kickstarter (24) open source (24) semiconductor (24) helion energy (23) medical (23) nanoimprint (23) robotic (23) roll to roll (23) satellite (23) sports (23) superconducting (23) FPGAs (22) antimatter (22) computational chemistry (22) cubesat (22) electric sail (22) pakistan (22) quantum encryption (22) skyscraper (22) communications (21) kitegen (21) lighting (21) nanomembranes (21) smart grid (21) syria (21) exascale (20) genes (20) hong kong (20) mobile (20) parkinson's disease (20) planes (20) techonomy (20) brillouin energy (19) contour crafting (19) genetics (19) nanocomposites (19) nanolaser (19) nanoribbons (19) south america (19) tourism (19) atomic layer deposition (18) biofuel (18) city (18) nanodiamond (18) rapamycin (18) safety (18) spiderfab (18) terabit ethernet (18) urbanization (18) vietnam (18) zyvex (18) LIDAR (17) car (17) commercial (17) dna manufacturing (17) ebeam lithography (17) graphite (17) seastead (17) transgenic (17) verizon (17) AGI (16) algae (16) cryonics (16) electric (16) futurists (16) led (16) nems (16) nuclear fusion (16) privacy (16) spain (16) synthetic life (16) transformation optics (16) antenna (15) building (15) chemistry (15) deep reinforcement learning (15) defkalion (15) electricity (15) genome (15) nanomagnet (15) nanotechnology business (15) nanowire (15) solve for x (15) tensilica (15) LPP fusion (14) attosecond laser (14) display (14) domes (14) eestor (14) epigenetics (14) gas (14) liquid fluoride (14) nanoplasmonic (14) power beaming (14) resveratrol (14) sound (14) vaccine (14) DNA computers (13) bitcoin (13) deep mind (13) double lithography (13) genescient (13) innovation (13) law enforcement (13) magnet (13) nanofactory (13) nervous system (13) petrobank (13) plasma (13) pluto (13) telomeres (13) wars (13) wimax (13) 5g (12) adaptive clinical trials (12) cloning (12) cvd (12) farming (12) nanofibers (12) new state of matter (12) north korea (12) rejuvenation (12) society (12) software (12) south africa (12) space based solar power (12) video (12) Claytronics (11) UK Ideas Factory (11) asteroid (11) bacteria (11) bigelow (11) bolonkin (11) crowdsourcing (11) electric car (11) gsummit (11) history (11) matter (11) metformin (11) moons (11) mram (11) nanobots (11) nanorobotics (11) phase change material (11) philippines (11) railguns (11) reusable rocket (11) sensor (11) sony (11) terrestrial energy (11) RFID (10) bioprinting (10) femtotech (10) geothermal (10) googlex (10) harvesting (10) hyperlenses (10) infrastructure (10) kurzweil (10) nanoantenna (10) nanolithography (10) petabyte (10) photonics (10) thermo-photovoltaic cells (10) vision (10) Cnano Technology (9) artificial organs (9) concrete (9) egypt (9) ereader (9) exoplanet (9) exosuit (9) fpga (9) graphane (9) lenr (9) movie (9) nanopores (9) nanotubes (9) obesity (9) ovonic (9) petawatt (9) petrobakken (9) political (9) port security (9) renewable (9) soft exoskeleton (9) toyota (9) turkey (9) vertical farming (9) DNA nanoarray (8) atomtronics (8) baidu (8) biotechnology (8) brains (8) crime (8) electron beam (8) fullerenes (8) funding (8) gbps (8) honda (8) hypertelescope (8) laptops (8) leap motion (8) nanocomp technologies (8) nanoparticle (8) optogenetics (8) programmable matter (8) rethink robotics (8) scramjet (8) skylon (8) synapse (8) trapped ion (8) trialpha energy (8) ASICS (7) ILEMM (7) battery (7) cloud (7) computational government (7) computational lithography (7) cryocooling (7) databases (7) ebola (7) ecat (7) engine (7) genomic engineering (7) george church (7) google loon (7) high temperature reactor (7) internet of everything (7) interstellar (7) magnetic (7) material (7) meat factories (7) nanosensors (7) red camera (7) room temperature spintronics (7) scooters (7) smart dust (7) superintelligence (7) taxes (7) work (7) Rotaxane (6) aerogel (6) antennas (6) atomic swiches (6) automation (6) calico (6) carbon (6) cement (6) conservation (6) corruption (6) cray (6) dip pen lithography (6) disruption (6) exawatt (6) gene drive (6) hybrids (6) illusion (6) interview (6) marines (6) microscope (6) mind reading (6) nanodots (6) nanorod (6) nantero (6) nuclear energy (6) poor (6) productivity (6) self replication (6) silicon valley (6) solar energy (6) three forks (6) tilera (6) top-down nanotechnology (6) uber (6) ultrasound (6) venezuela (6) MicroRNA (5) algorithm (5) annealing (5) atom circuit (5) bikes (5) brain uploading (5) cannae (5) cleantech (5) cloaking (5) cyberwar (5) death (5) dubai (5) employment (5) entrepreneur (5) exponential manufacturing (5) ftl (5) futurism (5) genomes (5) greece (5) h1n1 (5) hoverboard (5) iRNA (5) industry (5) magnetic monopoles (5) malaysia (5) megacities (5) metallic hydrogen (5) mining (5) motorcycles (5) nanodevices (5) nanorods (5) protein (5) quantum well (5) risk (5) stratolaunch (5) sun microsystems (5) terapixel (5) tools (5) wifi (5) Nigel B. Cook (4) abundance (4) artificial life (4) beyond cmos (4) boron nanotubes (4) bubbles (4) diesel (4) drug delivery (4) emc2 (4) ethics (4) fat (4) fat loss (4) flibe energy (4) follistatin (4) google glass (4) health (4) ipad (4) jetpack (4) medicine. (4) memcapacitors (4) meminductors (4) merkle (4) microbiome (4) microscale (4) middle class (4) monopoles (4) nanomagnet logic (4) nanomanufacturing (4) nanomembrane (4) nanometals (4) nanomotors (4) nanotip (4) optical tweezers (4) personal transport (4) precision medicine (4) quantum biology (4) quantum computing (4) regulation (4) rna nanotechnology (4) sensing (4) smart cities (4) smartwatch (4) sport (4) super high vision (4) supersonic (4) sweden (4) synthetic fuel (4) tanks (4) techology (4) terabit (4) terabyte (4) transparent (4) venus (4) wolfram alpha (4) world war (4) Amazon ec2 (3) aids (3) aliens (3) antilaser (3) art (3) avagadro scale computing (3) baldness (3) bioengineering (3) carbyne (3) chromebook (3) climate (3) diblock copolymer (3) dna brick (3) ebook (3) energy. united states (3) esail (3) exabyte (3) extinction (3) extraterrestrial (3) fast boat (3) faster than light (3) fighters (3) gecko (3) gravity (3) haptic interface (3) highlights (3) ido bachelet (3) low power (3) magnetics (3) malnutrition (3) metagenomics (3) methuselarity (3) mice (3) micronutrient (3) montana (3) nano-ionic memory (3) nanopore (3) nanotechnology IPO (3) nuclear fission (3) nutrigenomics (3) parallel (3) petahertz (3) petapixel (3) plasmonic lithography (3) poll results (3) ppp (3) programmable metallization cell (3) qubit (3) rail (3) recombineering (3) ride sharing (3) services science (3) ship (3) silicene (3) spaser (3) spinplasmonics (3) stanford (3) stm (3) straintronics (3) tech (3) twitter (3) waters (3) wikileaks (3) wireless power (3) xray (3) yottaflop (3) zero point energy (3) zettawatt (3) Baxter (2) Ben Goertzel (2) FGPA (2) Freeman Dyson (2) PACER (2) USV (2) afghanistan (2) alphabet (2) beam pen lithography (2) biochar (2) breakthrough (2) buidings (2) capri (2) carbon atomic chains (2) cella energy (2) cells (2) chipsat (2) cluster state quantum computer (2) computing (2) cryptocurrency (2) data mining (2) data science (2) dell (2) detection (2) device (2) devices (2) drone swarm (2) drugs (2) et energy (2) et3 (2) excitons (2) existential risk (2) field effect transistors (2) finFET (2) flywheel (2) free-piston engine (2) future energy (2) gagdets (2) gbit/s (2) gdp. economic impact (2) gigaflop (2) google future (2) graphics (2) graphyne (2) green (2) head mounted display (2) hoverbike (2) iarpa (2) jovion corporation (2) laser sintering (2) liposuction (2) lithium sulfur (2) magnetricity (2) maker (2) mapping (2) medicines (2) metamaterial (2) metmaterials (2) microtechnology (2) miltary (2) moon shots (2) nanocrystalline cellulose (2) nanocubes (2) nanodiamonds (2) nanodisks (2) nanoenergetics (2) nanoglue (2) nanolattice (2) nanometer (2) nanooptics (2) nanopillars (2) nanoprobe (2) nanosand (2) nanosheets (2) nanostore (2) nanosurgery (2) nanothread (2) nanowelding (2) neural dust (2) neural network (2) neurorobotics (2) nram (2) pandemic (2) personal aviation (2) picometer (2) picoprojectors (2) popululation (2) printable robots (2) quantum ai singularity (2) quantum cellular automata (2) quantum dot (2) regenerative dentistry (2) ribosome (2) russian (2) rydberg matter (2) science future (2) space tower (2) spinal cord (2) stratosphere (2) subatomic (2) synthetic bactera (2) telecopes (2) telsa (2) thinfilm (2) transmutation (2) tricorder (2) triple lithography (2) united (2) utility fog (2) uuv (2) venter (2) videos (2) wang bullet (2) wave disc engine (2) wearable (2) wearables (2) wet nanotechnology (2) yottabytes (2) youtube (2) z-pinch (2) zettabyte (2) 3rd tsunami (1) Bandung (1) British Columbia (1) Chin (1) Cycle Computing (1) Euclideon (1) GNA nanotechnology (1) Grant Norton (1) H2CAR (1) Herman Kahn (1) I am Legend (1) IEDM (1) James Miller (1) Jason Stowe (1) John Mankins (1) Juan Enriquez (1) Kardashev (1) Keith Lofstrom (1) Lower Montney (1) Montney (1) NENS (1) Peter Glaser (1) R2R production (1) R2RNIL (1) Red Whittaker (1) Rodney Brooks (1) Upper Montney (1) VTOL (1) WW3 (1) acer (1) aerographite (1) aging reversal (1) agricultur (1) alaska (1) alphago (1) analytics (1) anodization nanolithography (1) architecture (1) astronomgy (1) aubrey de grey (1) aurope (1) austrialia (1) aviation (1) batteries ibm (1) betteries (1) bio-syntrolysis (1) biocomputers (1) biofab (1) bionano (1) blockchain (1) blue origin (1) boltzmann machine (1) bottom up nanotechnology (1) brain implant (1) brian ahern (1) brontobytes (1) buckypaper (1) buckywire (1) cardiovascular (1) carmera (1) chemputer (1) chiha (1) china future (1) china. energy (1) china. nuclear (1) chiplets (1) cholesterol (1) cold war history (1) colloidal quantum dots (1) comcast (1) communication physics (1) computes (1) conditional deep belief network (1) connectomics (1) convergence (1) copper nanowelding (1) cornocopia (1) cortical computing (1) cosmology (1) countries (1) crescent point (1) cryosleep (1) cyborg camera (1) dark knight (1) dendrimers (1) diamandis (1) diamonds (1) dielectrophoresis (1) diet (1) drug dlelivery (1) dry nanotechnology (1) eagle ford (1) econ (1) economices (1) ecoskeleton (1) electrohydrodynamic (1) elevators (1) enterprise (1) eor (1) et (1) exalfop (1) exoskeletons (1) exosuits (1) exponential (1) ferropaper (1) flops (1) free space optics (1) free-piston linear alternator (1) fure (1) future physics (1) future technology (1) future. wireless (1) futute (1) gadgetes (1) gadgets future (1) gadgets sensors (1) gallium nitride (1) gate all around (1) geo (1) geocosmo (1) gigawatt (1) glycerol nucleic acid (1) golden spike (1) good (1) googlke (1) graphen (1) graphene monoxide (1) guaranteed income (1) halophytes (1) handheld (1) head transplant (1) helium (1) helphookup.com (1) humor (1) hypersound (1) idaho national lab (1) ieee (1) implantable electronics (1) india science (1) intel future (1) intracellular machines (1) ion beam (1) ivf (1) launch future (1) launch loop (1) launcher (1) lifi (1) litecoin (1) lunar (1) lysosome (1) mRNA (1) magnetic resonance force microscopy (1) magnetic superatoms (1) magnets. future (1) malaria (1) marvel (1) masdar (1) maser (1) materias (1) materils (1) mcam (1) media equivalence (1) mediciine (1) memcomputing (1) memflector (1) metabolic engineering (1) metalens (1) metananocircuitry (1) methane (1) methylome (1) microassembly (1) microcontact printing (1) miiltary (1) miitary (1) military geopolitical (1) millimeter scale computing (1) mlitary (1) moon future (1) music (1) nabsys (1) naic (1) nano-origami (1) nanoarches (1) nanobrain (1) nanobubbles (1) nanobuds (1) nanocable (1) nanocar (1) nanoceramic (1) nanochannels (1) nanocones (1) nanodomes (1) nanofluid (1) nanofoam (1) nanogravure (1) nanoionic (1) nanokites (1) nanolipogel (1) nanopantography (1) nanopaper (1) nanoposts (1) nanoscalpels (1) nanoshell (1) nanoshields (1) nanosolder (1) nanostars (1) nanoweave (1) nasa future (1) nasa science (1) nasa. niac (1) neural turing machine (1) neuroprosthesis (1) new form of matter (1) nias (1) nokia (1) nuclea (1) nuclear energy weekly (1) numenta (1) obama (1) oilsand (1) optalysys (1) optical metamaterial assembly (1) optoelectronic (1) optomec (1) paintable batteries (1) paperphone (1) paralysis (1) peptoid nanotechnology (1) perfect lens (1) petabits (1) phablet (1) phycsics (1) physics science (1) picoscale (1) picosecond (1) plasmene (1) pokemon go (1) polariton superfluid (1) polaritons (1) polaritronics (1) political future (1) poltics (1) popup mems (1) positron dynamics (1) power clothing (1) probabilistic CMOS (1) propulsion launch (1) protection (1) protocell (1) quad lithography (1) quantum dominance (1) quantum learning (1) quantum machine learning (1) quantum simulation (1) quantum singularity (1) quantum spin liquid (1) quantum supremacy (1) qudits (1) radar future (1) rb2015 (1) remote (1) renewables (1) rf-stm (1) scanning beam interference lithography (1) scarcity (1) sceince (1) science fiction (1) science fiction calculations (1) science. materials (1) science. quantum communication (1) sciencee (1) sciene (1) senses (1) server sky (1) servers (1) sharing economy (1) skyhook (1) smart dew (1) smokefree cooker (1) soft robot (1) solitons (1) sponsored (1) sprayon solar power (1) stanene (1) startram (1) statite (1) ste (1) stumbleupon (1) supercavitation (1) superinsulator (1) superlattice (1) supply chain (1) synthetic chemistry (1) tcarbon (1) technogy (1) technology energy (1) technology future (1) technology gadgets (1) technology gagdets (1) technolology (1) techonology (1) tegra (1) teleccopes (1) telemedicine (1) terawatt (1) the Hobbit (1) thiel (1) time (1) timing (1) tokomak (1) topological quantum computer (1) tpv cells (1) trains (1) transplant (1) tri-alpha energy (1) tristar (1) tropic thunder (1) turbines (1) tyler formation (1) ultra-short pulse (1) ultravector (1) universal memory (1) universal quantum computer (1) upu (1) user interface (1) vietname (1) voice recognition (1) watson (1) weapon (1) willow garage (1) wind. solar (1) wnd (1) word (1) world. (1) x labs (1) zeolites (1) zeptojoules (1) zram (1) Facebook plugin Energy Space Science Technology World Medicine Robotics Quantum Computers Artificial intelligence About Copyright © 2014 New big future Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. About UsContact Facebook twitter Google RSS
Go Search Go Contents Go to bottom site map N. Korea steps up attacks on Park amid signs of diplomacy Latest News Park says S. Korea, U.S. won't tolerate N. Korean provocations Pause Prev Next Search Search Area Search 2013-05-09 (Thursday) Weather 22.8℃Chuncheon 2subscribebuttonsubscribebutton Facebook Twitter Rss Global Navigation HOME NATIONAL Politics/Diplomacy Society NORTH KOREA BUSINESS Industry Economy Market Tech/Science CULTURE/SPORTS Culture Sports KOREAN WAVE K-Wave News K-Wave Photos K-Wave Videos PHOTOS All N. Korea FOCUS Select Language ALL HEADLINES All Headlines Samsung's chip investment expected to rise 11 pct this year 2017/03/07 09:16 Tweet Facebook Share Google +1 Reduce Enlarge Print SEOUL, March 7 (Yonhap) -- Capital spending by Samsung Electronics Co. on its semiconductor facilities is expected to rise 11 percent on-year in 2017, according to market data Tuesday. The world's largest memory chip producer is forecast to invest US$12.5 billion in facilities this year, compared with $11.3 billion in 2016, the data by market researcher IC Insights showed. Although Samsung has not disclosed its investment plans for this year, the injection of funds would allow Samsung to keep its No. 1 spot in terms of capital spending on chip facilities. Intel Corp. came in second with $12 billion in capital spending on its chip facilities this year, up 25 percent from a year earlier. Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. was ranked third with a planned capital spending of $10 billion this year, followed by SK hynix Inc. with $6 billion, according to the data. IC Insights said Samsung and SK hynix cut their semiconductor investment last year because of the weak DRAM market. "Although their total outlays declined, both companies increased their spending for 3D NAND flash in 2016," the market researcher said in a statement. (END) Most Viewed Seoul to ban smoking at cultural asset sites (4th LD) Park apologizes over alleged sexual misconduct by ex-spokesman Ssangyong says resumption of overnight shift turning point of normalization (2nd LD) N. Korea's Kaesong region sure to be listed as UNESCO world heritage N. Korean escapees to S. Korea to fall 20 pct this year: official More Most Viewed Photos News Focus Can N. Korean footballer join Serie A amid sanctions? Will K-pop also fall victim to China's Korean product ban? Chinese goods flex more muscle in S. Korea Diplomatic row over THAAD hurts Chinese market for hallyu stars New chart rule prompts K-pop stars to rethink releases (News Focus) Murky clouds hang over Lotte after THAAD land swap Commercial act revision, a necessary change or risky revenge? S. Korea's tourism faces tough time amid rising complaints News All headlines National North Korea Business Culture / Sports Korean Wave Photo news Graphic news Focus Most viewed Special Features Interviews Features Topics Miscellaneous Newspaper headlines Today in Korean history Yonhap News summary Editorials from dailies Tools RSS Mobile Service Twitter Facebook Information Photo/Video Archives Korea in brief Useful links Festival Calendar Weather Overseas Networks About Yonhap About Us Contact Us Subscription Copyright N.K Archives N.K Newsletter Vantage Point Copyrights Yonhap News Agency. All Rights Reserved.

