  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The AI that brought The Beatles and Cole Porter back to life: Listen to Sony's software it says can create new songs in the style of any artist Sony taught an AI to compose music by feeding it 13,000 music samples A human instructed it to create a sound similar to certain bands or singers Benoît Carré arranged the songs and wrote the lyrics for both tracks Sony plans to release an album with music made from AI next year  By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 17:50 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 17:50 EST, 10 October 2016 e-mail 28 shares 7 View comments It may sound like a lost track from The Beatles, but the catchy pop song, ‘Daddy’s Car’, was composed by artificial intelligence (AI). The tune was created by Flow Machines, a system Sony taught to make music by feeding it 13,000 samples from different genres. Although the software is capable of creating the lead sheet, a human composer instructed it to produce a record in the style of The Beatles and wrote the lyrics. Scroll down for videos  It may sound like a lost track from The Beatles, but the catchy pop song, ‘Daddy’s Car’, was composed by artificial intelligence (AI). The whimsical tune was created by Flow Machines, a system Sony taught to make music by feeding it 13,000 samples THE MUSIC MAKING AI  Sony has taught its AI, Flow Machines, how to compose music. The team fed the system 13,000 music samples from different genres.  Benoît Carré, the human composer, was asked to arrange the entire song, which he began by selecting a style and then created the melody and harmony with a system called FlowComposer.  Once the tune was set, Carré used another system called Rechord to match some audio chunks from audio recordings of other songs to the generated lead sheets. Then he finished the production and mixing of both songs. Another song was also composed by the AI called ‘The Ballad of Mr. Shadow’, which is a mashup of American songwriters such as Irving Berlin, Duke Ellington, George Gershwin and Cole Porter. ‘At SONY CSL Research Laboratory, we have created two entire pop songs composed with Artificial Intelligence, thanks to Flow Machines,’ shares SONY CSL Researcher Laboratory in a statement. ‘Flow Machines software learns music styles from a huge database of songs.'  'Then, exploiting unique combinations of style transfer, optimization and interaction techniques, it can compose in any style.’ The parts written by Flow Machines is deemed the ‘lead sheet’, which defines the song’s tune. Benoît Carré, the human composer, was asked to arrange the entire song, which he began by selecting a style and then created the melody and harmony with a system called FlowComposer. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Would YOU resurrect your dead friend as an AI? Try out... Can Facebook replace your work email? Workplace version of... How the one per cent lived 2,000 years ago: 3D video tour... Mice sing like a JET ENGINE to find a mate: Ultrasonic love... Share this article Share 28 shares Once the tune was set, Carré used another system called Rechord to match some audio chunks from audio recordings of other songs to the generated lead sheets. Then he finished the production and mixing of both songs. Sony says ‘Daddy’s Car’ and ‘The Ballad of Mr. Shadow’ are just the beginning and expected to release a full AI-written album sometime next year. The final music videos for each song uses a serious of computer generated shapes and colours that move along with the melody. The parts written by Flow Machines is deemed the ‘lead sheet’. Benoît Carré, the human composer, was asked to arrange the entire song, which he began by selecting a style and then created the melody and harmony with a system called FlowComposer Researchers are teaching AI different art forms, such as writing poetry and screenplays, as one recently wrote a unique script that was transformed into a short film. In June, Sunspring debuted a short film is barely nine minutes long and is strangely captivating as it gravitates between dark and cryptic to outright hilarious, and written by an AI named Benjamin. Once the tune was set, Carré used another system called Rechord to match some audio chunks from audio recordings of other songs to the generated lead sheets. Then he finished the production and mixing of both songs Another song was also composed by the AI called ‘The Ballad of Mr. Shadow’, which is a mashup of American songwriters such as Irving Berlin, Duke Ellington, George Gershwin and Cole Porter (pictured) To produce the film, director Oscar Sharp and collaborator Ross Goodwin, an NYU AI researcher, fed dozens of scripts to a long short-term memory (LSTM) recurrent neural network that has named itself Benjamin.  Benjamin's training included everything from 2001: A Space Odyssey and Blade Runner to Eight Legged Freaks, and even Silver Linings Playbook. Then, they gave it a set of prompts from the film challenge to guide the story. Sony says ‘Daddy’s Car’ and ‘The Ballad of Mr. Shadow’ are just the beginning and expected to release a full AI-written album sometime next year. The final music videos for each song uses a serious of computer generated shapes and colours that move along with the melody During its training, Benjamin (originally named Jetson) learned to predict which letters tend to follow each other, and then which words and phrases were often seen together, Ars Technica explains. This type of AI is better than others at predicting entire paragraphs, rather than just a few words, and can generate original sentences. Eventually, Benjamin learned how to imitate the structure of a screenplay, including stage directions.  Watch this on The Scene. Read more: Movie written by algorithm turns out to be hilarious and intense | Ars Technica AI makes pop music in different music styles Share or comment on this article e-mail 28 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Havelock resident shocked as he films earthquake hitting NZ Trump supporter spews ignorant racist rant at young woman Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Michael Moore tries to meet with Trump at Trump Tower Mother kicks her young child out for voting Trump in school Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters Nigel Farage avoids questions as he enters Trump Tower Dogs leaping through grass like antelope will cheer you up Bodybuilder with '0% body fat' flexes her muscles in the gym Road rage incident turns personal as drivers insult each other Terryfing video of ground shaking as earthquake hits Christchurch Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and... 'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon... Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one... 'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... From a modest home built by her father to the future First... Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island... Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business... 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave... 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read World's tallest tropical tree is found in Borneo - and it's as tall as THREE blue whales stacked end to end  A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in... Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion... Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife... Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are... How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the... How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The astonishing claims over the final resting place of Jesus: Why Japan, India and Glastonbury have all been... How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to... UN climate talks dominated by fears Donald Trump will derail $100 billion plan launched by Hillary Clinton... Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' Is this part of a secret spy satellite? Mysterious chunk of 'Chinese' space debris crash lands in Myanmar Now that's a bright idea! Street lights powered by FOOTSTEPS make their world debut in Las Vegas  Girls respond worse to stress than boys because a region of their brain shrinks - and experts say it could... MORE HEADLINES A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in latest bizarre claim From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the test to find out if you're one of them The ultimate guide to the biggest supermoon in living memory: MailOnline reveals how to watch the stunning spectacle on Monday How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals How slimeballs slither: Watch the bizarre 'slimelapse' that reveals gelatinous molds creeping for food  How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion reactor Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away Medieval GIANTESS is found in a Polish cemetery: 7ft 2in woman had a traumatic life full of disease and injury Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are dead - and even Mark Zuckerberg was hit Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' Meet Bear-yoncé! Dancing bear twerks it out in hilarious trailer for hit BBC series Planet Earth II How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to persuading voters  Soaring hospital admissions, mass insomnia, pets going wild - as tonight sees the biggest moon for 70 years... Is this proof a full moon drives you loony?  MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Booty-ful day at the beach! RHOM star Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin 'He wants to make America great again... and chicken fingers': The Daily Show jokes Trump's speechwriter could easily be a kid Sponsored Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  RHOM's Gina Liano accidentally takes a swipe at fellow reality lawyer Anna Heinrich for posing nude for a magazine cover in her 30s after doing the same at 50 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40 million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and tells divided America: 'Don't be afraid'  605 comments 4 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai The Spooky Secret Behind Artificial Intelligence's Incredible Power Tia Ghose Senior Writer LiveScience.comOctober 10, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The Spooky Secret Behind Artificial Intelligence's Incredible PowerMore Spookily powerful artificial intelligence (AI) systems may work so well because their structure exploits the fundamental laws of the universe, new research suggests. The new findings may help answer a longstanding mystery about a class of artificial intelligence that employ a strategy called deep learning. These deep learning or deep neural network programs, as they're called, are algorithms that have many layers in which lower-level calculations feed into higher ones. Deep neural networks often perform astonishingly well at solving problems as complex as beating the world's best player of the strategy board game Go or classifying cat photos, yet know one fully understood why. It turns out, one reason may be that they are tapping into the very special properties of the physical world, said Max Tegmark, a physicist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and a co-author of the new research. The laws of physics only present this "very special class of problems" — the problems that AI shines at solving, Tegmark told Live Science. "This tiny fraction of the problems that physics makes us care about and the tiny fraction of problems that neural networks can solve are more or less the same," he said. [Super-Intelligent Machines: 7 Robotic Futures] Deep learning Last year, AI accomplished a task many people thought impossible: DeepMind, Google's deep learning AI system, defeated the world's best Go player after trouncing the European Go champion. The feat stunned the world because the number of potential Go moves exceeds the number of atoms in the universe, and past Go-playing robots performed only as well as a mediocre human player. But even more astonishing than DeepMind's utter rout of its opponents was how it accomplished the task. "The big mystery behind neural networks is why they work so well," said study co-author Henry Lin, a physicist at Harvard University. "Almost every problem we throw at them, they crack." For instance, DeepMind was not explicitly taught Go strategy and was not trained to recognize classic sequences of moves. Instead, it simply "watched" millions of games, and then played many, many more against itself and other players. Like newborn babies, these deep-learning algorithms start out "clueless," yet typically outperform other AI algorithms that are given some of the rules of the game in advance, Tegmark said. Another long-held mystery is why these deep networks are so much better than so-called shallow ones, which contain as little as one layer, Tegmark said. Deep networks have a hierarchy and look a bit like connections between neurons in the brain, with lower-level data from many neurons feeding into another "higher" group of neurons, repeated over many layers. In a similar way, deep layers of these neural networks make some calculations, and then feed those results to a higher layer of the program, and so on, he said. Magical keys or magical locks? To understand why this process works, Tegmark and Lin decided to flip the question on its head. "Suppose somebody gave you a key. Every lock you try, it seems to open. One might assume that the key has some magic properties. But another possibility is that all the locks are magical. In the case of neural nets, I suspect it's a bit of both," Lin said. One possibility could be that the "real world" problems have special properties because the real world is very special, Tegmark said. Take one of the biggest neural-network mysteries: These networks often take what seem to be computationally hairy problems, like the Go game, and somehow find solutions using far fewer calculations than expected. It turns out that the math employed by neural networks is simplified thanks to a few special properties of the universe. The first is that the equations that govern many laws of physics, from quantum mechanics to gravity to special relativity, are essentially simple math problems, Tegmark said. The equations involve variables raised to a low power (for instance, 4 or less).  [The 11 Most Beautiful Equations] What's more, objects in the universe are governed by locality, meaning they are limited by the speed of light. Practically speaking, that means neighboring objects in the universe are more likely to influence each other than things that are far from each other, Tegmark said. Many things in the universe also obey what's called a normal or Gaussian distribution. This is the classic "bell curve" that governs everything from traits such as human height to the speed of gas molecules zooming around in the atmosphere. Finally, symmetry is woven into the fabric of physics. Think of the veiny pattern on a leaf, or the two arms, eyes and ears of the average human. At the galactic scale, if one travels a light-year to the left or right, or waits a year, the laws of physics are the same, Tegmark said. Tougher problems to crack All of these special traits of the universe mean that the problems facing neural networks are actually special math problems that can be radically simplified. "If you look at the class of data sets that we actually come across in nature, they're way simpler than the sort of worst-case scenario you might imagine," Tegmark said. There are also problems that would be much tougher for neural networks to crack, including encryption schemes that secure information on the web; such schemes just look like random noise. "If you feed that into a neural network, it's going to fail just as badly as I am; it's not going to find any patterns," Tegmark said. While the subatomic laws of nature are simple, the equations describing a bumblebee flight are incredibly complicated, while those governing gas molecules remain simple, Lin added. It's not yet clear whether deep learning will perform just as well describing those complicated bumblebee flights as it will describing gas molecules, he said. "The point is that some 'emergent' laws of physics, like those governing an ideal gas, remain quite simple, whereas some become quite complicated. So there is a lot of additional work that needs to be done if one is going to answer in detail why deep learning works so well." Lin said. "I think the paper raises a lot more questions than it answers!" Original article on Live Science. Editor's Recommendations The 9 Biggest Unsolved Mysteries in Physics Inside the Brain: A Photo Journey Through Time The Mysterious Physics of 7 Everyday Things Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next ‘SNL’ Tried To Apologize To America Yahoo TV President-Elect Trump Picks Reince Priebus as His Chief of Staff ABC News Videos President-elect Trump names Steve Bannon and Reince Priebus to his senior White House leadership team Yahoo News Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff Stop stressing and stare at the closest supermoon we've seen in 69 years The Verge 4-Year-Old Granted Wish to Be Drafted Onto College Baseball Team ABC News Videos ‘I’ll Say It Right to the Camera — Stop It’: Donald Trump Says the Hate Speech from His Alleged Supporters ‘Saddens’ Him People Donald Trump on 60 Minutes: The 10 Most Surprising Revelations TVLine.com Trump firm on agenda but says Americans have nothing to fear AFP Flamingos from above Yahoo News Photo Staff Report: carbon emissions flat in last 3 years Associated Press Index: Amazon Prohibited From Providing Refunds with Gift Cards Instead of Cash or Credit ABC News Videos Trump's choice for one of his top advisers has been met with a storm of criticism Business Insider Planned Parenthood is getting a bunch of donations from Mike Pence and here is why Hello Giggles Giuliani Advises Trump To Put His Businesses in Blind Trust 'For Good of the Country' Good Morning America Eugene Richards’ ‘Below the Line: Living Poor in America’ Yahoo News Photo Staff Anti-Trump protests continue in New York, LA, Philadelphia Dr. Azin: These people just achieved the Guinness Book of World Records listing for Whiniest Losers of a Presidential Election. Kudos! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 3.1k The Most Interesting Science News Articles of the Week LiveScience.com Yoga Instructor Accused of Murdering Her Identical Twin ABC News Videos 14-Year-Old Finds 6-Week-Old Infant in A Shoe Box on His Back Porch Inside Edition Miesha Tate announces retirement after loss at UFC 205 Cagewriter California deputy shot twice in the head, suspect arrested Associated Press Photos of the day - October 14, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff Vanilla and spice next to bloom in Dutch greenhouses AFP Southeast Ravaged by 43 Wildfires Spread Across 8 States ABC News Videos ‘Surprise!’ Pink Announces She’s Pregnant With Baby No. 2 People After ejection, Titans' Taylor Lewan: 'I will never let someone take a free shot on Marcus Mariota' Shutdown Corner Kris Jenner Shares Photo of New Dad Rob Kardashian and Baby Dream: ‘Melts My Heart!’ People Airstrikes in Yemen Yahoo News Photo Staff This supermoon will be extra-super GeekWire Major Earthquake Strikes New Zealand, Killing at Least 2 People ABC News Videos The Dallas Cowboys look like a team of destiny after an insane win at Pittsburgh Shutdown Corner Trump vows to deport or imprison up to 3 million immigrants: interview AFP Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Facebook Introduces Workplace Service to Compete With Slack 31 minutes ago Array 0 RNC Stopped Trump Mail Programs This Weekend By Kate Kaye - 1 hour ago Array 0 Samsung Galaxy Note7 May Not Survive Latest Media Fire: Expert By Beth Snyder Bulik - 1 hour ago Array 0 The Second Presidential Debate Summed up in 25 Tweets By Simon Dumenco - 2 hours ago Array 0 See the Colonel: KFC's Latest Adman is Pete Campbell (Vincent Kartheiser) By Jessica Wohl - 2 hours ago Array 0 See the Colonel: KFC's Latest Adman is Pete Campbell (Vincent Kartheiser) By Jessica Wohl - 2 hours ago 0 The Second Presidential Debate Summed up in 25 Tweets By Simon Dumenco - 2 hours ago 0 How Snapchat's Big Changes Impact Advertisers and Publishers By Garett Sloane - 2 hours ago 0 Robert De Niro Says He Would Like to Punch Donald Trump in the Face By Ann-Christine Diaz - 4 hours ago 0 Why Ad Buyers Are Still Calm Amid NFL Ratings Slide By Anthony Crupi - 2 days ago 0 Kimberly-Clark Takes on Tough New Marketing Job: Selling Itself and Neenah, Wis. By Jack Neff - 7 hours ago 0 Papa John's Aims at Rivals With Pan PIzza, Its Biggest New Product in Years By Jessica Wohl - 8 hours ago 0 Media Audits Are Part of Life For European Marketers By Emma Hall - 7 hours ago 0 Coke, McDonald's, Toyota, Nestle Win ANA Multicultural Awards By Laurel Wentz - 7 hours ago 0 See the Spot: Sears Touts 'Amazing' Kenmore Washers at a Time When Samsung's Explode By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 7 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US DigitalNext A.I. and Ad Agencies: Bringing Cognitive Intelligence to Clients By Jason Jercinovic. Published on October 10, 2016. Reprints Reprints Most Popular It's a pivotal moment for technology and marketing. These two industries have collided to augment and even build worlds from scratch, telling comprehensive and compelling stories. Yet one of the most astounding and useful advances comes not from a new type of virtual reality but in how marketers soon will be able to analyze the most sophisticated tool around: the human mind. I'm speaking here of the principle known as "cognitive intelligence," or C.I., which offers a crystal-clear window into the behaviors, wants and needs of the people around us. Cognitive is an umbrella term encompassing numerous aspects of how machine thinking mimics how we as humans think. Terms like machine learning, artificial intelligence, deep learning, adaptive neural networks, etc. all touch on components of what is encompassed in the broader term "cognitive." Cognitive intelligence is an output of using cognitive services and technology to understand more insights at an individual or personal level. When applying cognitive to marketing, Cognitive Intelligence is about the uniqueness of the customer -- i.e. who they are as individuals. Examples can be things like their personality, character, media consumption habits, desires and passions. C.I. has proven to be life-changing in countless ways, from early detection of Alzheimer's to advances in self-driving cars. While this type of A.I. will reach far and wide, it's still in its infancy in many ways. Nevertheless, as marketers, it's our duty to understand, reimagine and implement C.I. to benefit consumers and brands. Moreover, advertising agencies are in a unique position, and hold the keys for these new applications. In fact, agencies can and should take the reigns when it comes to C.I. There's a mistaken belief that C.I.'s greatest value to advertising and marketing will be in bringing just efficiency to data and analytics. Traditional CRM or customer insights offer a limited understanding of the customer as a real individual. Cognitive insights demonstrate remarkable value to brand and consumers, as the marketing output is customized to the individual rather than as a member of a persona group or cohort. We call this "marketing to a market of one." Cognitive intelligence enables this to happen through the use of cognitive services (IBM Watson for example) to gain individual and personal insights to drive a custom, deep, personal experience. Cognitive technology has the power to illuminate unstructured data. That means brands can gain deeper insights about our customers and provide them with more valuable, personalized experiences Stated simply: Cognitive shines the light on dark data. This is only the beginning of where cognitive powered marketing will take us. We see cognitive intelligence driving the digital experience forward to the point that the interface itself anticipates the user need. The digital brand experience at the interface level is affected by the insights from the individual. This forces a shift in how agencies work with clients across industries, a crumbling of the one-size fits all approach and, as the industry is already seeing, a shift to one-to-one experiences. Brand marketers will get to the future of "marketing to a market of one" by viewing technologies like IBM Watson as more than just a formidable competitor on Jeopardy and thinking critically about how to tie A.I. into marketing in creative ways. Advertising has reached a tipping point where it's not enough to come up with a catchy tagline or a creative design to make a lasting impression. Marketers are now facing an obstacle course in which marketing is intertwined with the complex ecosystem of today: a fusion of the entertainment, media and technology industries. If advertisers are not taking this change seriously, they're not doing their jobs. To keep up, marketers have to pool their resources and bring their expertise together in smart and strategic ways. For instance, my agency works closely with IBM's Watson team, and we haven't been shy about employing Watson as a resource for our clients. HOW? As a result, we've gained a better understanding of the consumers that we're targeting and given them personalized experiences that directly correlate with what they want. We use the insights from C.I. to create personal, data-driven, interactive, brand experiences that enable our clients to create smarter recommendations, thus shortening the purchase journey. The less marketers limit themselves with C.I., the more they'll accomplish. Advertisers need to find the connection between these far-reaching capabilities and institutional advertising know how to take marketing into the next level. At its core, C.I. doesn't constrain itself to what has been tried before. It finds new patterns, turns data on its head and uses new perspectives to come up with better individually personalized solutions. As marketers, it's our responsibility to bring this type of thinking to how we use technology. Brands that do this in the right way, by serving it up to consumers in their voice with their individual preferences, process we will be the Brands of tomorrow. Cognitively intelligent brands will be the brands that matter. In this article: DigitalNext Jason Jercinovic Jason Jercinovic is global head of marketing innovation and global brand director at Havas. Follow View all articles by this author Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
null
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it 97m shares News Sport Trending Nutshell Home Trending Nutshell News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Celebrity Big Brother Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Search Metro Follow us Don’t worry, Dads – children don’t actually inherit their intelligence from Mum Rob Waugh for Metro.co.ukMonday 10 Oct 2016 7:50 am It’s quite possible this child is intelligent because of her father (Picture Getty) Last week, a report from a psychology website suggested that children actually inherit their intelligence from their Mums – and Dad is pretty much not involved. Naturally, that got a lot of people hitting the ‘Like’ button on Facebook – but there’s just one, tiny problem. It’s actually not true. The post, by Psychology Spot isn’t actually about new scientific research at all – instead, it mashes together a whole load of old studies. And it gets them completely wrong – in fact, so wrong that Forbes describes it as a ‘hot mess’ in a detailed breakdown The Psychology Spot blog post from March quotes several studies out of context, suggesting that lab studies on genetically modified mice found that those with extra doses of maternal genes developed bigger heads and brains, while those with more paternal genes had smaller brains and heads. Getty It also – referencing a different, unrelated study – said that researchers at Glasgow’s Medical Research Council found that the IQ of mothers was the best predictor of the intelligence of children. But a lot of the data is completely misused, Forbes explains. In summary, human intelligence is pretty complex – and it’s nowhere near as simple as inheriting what your mama gave you. More Mass evacuation after two-metre tsunami hits New Zealand following earthquake Tsunami warning after massive earthquake hits New Zealand Sponsored13 reasons American ERs are so much sexier than our A&Es UK's first ever ethnic minority judge, Mota Singh, dies aged 86 Sponsored13 coolest children's toys this year Donald Trump announces plan to deport three million immigrants Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » BreakingNews Mass evacuation after two-metre tsunami hits New Zealand following earthquake Hate crimes soar across the US after Donald Trump elected First ever Remembrance service held for fallen war horses UK's first ever ethnic minority judge, Mota Singh, dies aged 86 Tsunami warning after massive earthquake hits New ZealandMore trending stories » VideoMore videos » Borat thinks Donald Trump is a fictional character Peanut the panda learns to walk A man films himself during New Zealand earthquake A light sways in New Zealand earthquakeMore videos » YOU ARE HERE: News Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending Nutshell MetroUK @MetroUK © 2016 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Skip to site map Hello Sign Out My Profile Update Details My Subscription My Events Admin Site Login Sign Up Subscribe Today's Paper 30° Ipswich Ipswich Toogoolawah Esk Gatton Harrisville Lowood Loganlea Ripley News NEWS Local News Just In Letters to the Editor Opinion Queensland National World Off Beat Business Sport SPORT Local Sport National Sport Features Opinion NRL AFL Soccer Cricket Netball Golf Horse Racing Lifestyle LIFESTYLE Hey Mumma Outdoor Living Easy Eating Home & Style Gardening Travel Entertainment Fashion Smarter Shopping Health Parenting Dating Horoscopes Community COMMUNITY Community News Your Story Weddings Pets Photos Buy Photos Videos Local History Traffic Cameras Ipswich Council Page Chamber of Commerce What's on WHAT'S ON Events Competitions Guides Tourism Post Your Event Jobs JOBS Jobs News Training & Education Local Job Listings Post your Job Ad Motoring MOTORING Motoring News Road Test Future Models Local Motoring Listings Post your Motoring Ad Real Estate REAL ESTATE Real Estate News Local Real Estate Listings Property Guide Post your Real Estate Ad Classifieds FINDA Classifieds Real Estate Motoring Jobs Buy & Sell Notices Trades & Services Health & Beauty Personals Businesses for Sale Get a Tradie Post an Ad Find Your Local Search by keyword Search by location Search by category Add your business Special Features QT Magazine Resource Directory Stud Cattle Directory Step in the Right Direction QT Business Directory APN Network Menu Home Just In News Sport Lifestyle Community What's On Jobs Motoring Real Estate Obituaries Classifieds All News Sorry dads, kids get intelligence from their mothers Charlotte England | 10th Oct 2016 6:18 AM 0 PRINT Use this content Related Items New colourful Instagram logo created in unique way VIDEO: Backpackers rescue baby dolphin at Yamba My Kitchen Rules' top five teams prepare for ultimate cook Local Real Estate Subscribe Now A MOTHER'S genetics determines how clever her children are, according to researchers, and the father makes no difference. Women are more likely to transmit intelligence genes to their children because they are carried on the X chromosome and women have two of these, while men only have one. But in addition to this, scientists now believe genes for advanced cognitive functions which are inherited from the father may be automatically deactivated. A category of genes known as "conditioned genes" are thought to work only if they come from the mother in some cases and the father in other cases. Intelligence is believed to be among the conditioned genes that have to come from the mother. Laboratory studies using genetically modified mice found that those with an extra dose of maternal genes developed bigger heads and brains, but had little bodies. Those with an extra dose of paternal genes had small brains and larger bodies. Researchers identified cells that contained only maternal or paternal genes in six different parts of the mouse brains which controlled different cognitive functions, from eating habits to memory. Cells with paternal genes accumulated in parts of the limbic system, which is involved in functions such as sex, food and aggression. But researchers did not find any paternal cells in the cerebral cortex, which is where the most advanced cognitive functions take place, such as reasoning, thought, language and planning. Concerned that people might not be like mice, researchers in Glasgow took a more human approach to exploring intelligence. They found the theories extrapolated from mice studies bear out in reality when they interviewed 12,686 young people between the ages of 14 and 22 every year from 1994. Despite taking into account several factors, from the participants education to their race and socio-economic status, the team still found the best predictor of intelligence was the IQ of the mother. However, research also makes it clear that genetics are not the only determinant of intelligence - only 40 to 60 per cent of intelligence is estimated to be hereditary, leaving a similar chunk dependent on the environment. But mothers have also been found to play an extremely significant role in this non-genetic part of intelligence, with some studies suggesting a secure bond between mother and child is intimately tied to intelligence. Researchers at the University of Washington found that a secure emotional bond between a mother and child is crucial for the growth of some parts of the brain. After analysing the way a group of mothers related to their children for seven years, the researchers found children who were supported emotionally and had their intellectual needs fulfilled had a 10 per cent larger hippocampus at 13 on average than children whose mothers were emotionally distant. The hippocampus is an area of the brain associated with memory, learning and stress response. A strong bond with the mother is thought to give a child a sense of security which allows them to explore the world, and the confidence to solve problems. In addition, devoted, attentive mothers tend to help children solve problems, further helping them to reach their potential. Of course, there's no reason why fathers can't play as big a nurture role as mothers. And researchers point out that a whole array of other gene determined traits - like intuiton and emotions - which can be inherited from the father are also key to unlocking potential intelligence, so fathers - don't despair.  independent Read More Login to follow intelligence Read More Login to follow maternal Read More Login to follow world Read More Login to follow Topics:  independent intelligence maternal world 0 PRINT Just In LETTER: Store's closure bad news for women battling cancer Mel B 'irked by Geri Horner's pregnancy announcement' Triple treat for trainer in Ipswich NZ quake: Almost 400 aftershocks have struck in 24 hours Bundy leagues club locked in legal battle Family under threat from fast-moving fire Top Stories Family under threat from fast-moving fire BREAKING: A home is under threat from a fast-moving grass fire in the Lockyer Valley. News 14th Nov 2016 1:15 PM Why the council will be peering over your fence Supermoon: Best time and top tips to capture on camera The supermoon will appear about 15% larger Dumb and dumber - Mayor slams rail fail QR decision to replace trains with buses on Rosewood line a joke LETTER: Store's closure bad news for women battling cancer Please help before it is too late Local Partners Community Your Story Local History More Community What's On Rail guru questions QR decision on trains Robert Dow goes into bat for commuters on Ipswich-Rosewood line Help teenager make a difference in The Congo Salomon's journey from refugee to agent for change Ipswich has future Craig Lowndes in its midst Coalminers vision takes another step Numbers of students at this school have parents talking Workmates honour crash victim with tribute Meet the Laidley bartender we are proud to call UGLY Five things to do this week What's on in Ipswich Five things to do this weekend Here's what's on in Ipswich Things to do around Ipswich What's on this weekend Entertainment CELEBRITY TV MOVIES MUSIC Mel B 'irked by Geri Horner's pregnancy announcement' OUTSPOKEN singer Mel B has been moaning to pals about Geri Horner's pregnancy announcement, a report has claimed. Celebrity 14th Nov 2016 2:00 PM Comment Sir Roger Moore: Aidan Turner would be a 'very good' Bond Sir Roger Moore thinks Aidan Turner would be "very good" as Bond Swift turns to Drake for new hip hop sound Taylor Swift has turned to Drake for a new hip-hop sound Sir Elton John: Britain is horrible at present Sir Elton John admits Britain is "horrible" at the moment. Five things to do this week What's on in Ipswich Gable Tostee explains why he recorded fatal Tinder date Gable Tostee has faced an interview by Channel 9's 60 Minutes Will and Karlie become first Queenslanders to win The Block FIVE teams rake in nearly $3 million in prize money on auction day. Real Estate Buy Rent More Real Estate Listing More Real Estate News 1 Garowie Court, Brassall 4305 House 3 2 2 $319,000 There is a little bit of work to do here, but this great home offers an awesome opportunity to add your own personal touch and instantly add value! The owner has... 93 Workshops, Brassall 4305 House 4 1 1 $289,000 This is undoubtedly the suburb surprise. This great family home is set on a 630m2 block in walking distance to shops, schools, sporting, public transport and... 1099 Warrill View Peak Crossing Road, Peak Crossing 4306 ... House 4 2 4 $500,000... Designed for those who enjoy luxury Queensland living, this is a home you'll want to show off and is only minutes from Peak Crossing School. This contemporary... 212 Roadvale Road, Roadvale 4310 3 2 4 $500,000 Looking for a lifestyle change? Then look no further! Properties like this are hard to come by and don't last long either. Located at Roadvale just 10 minutes... 15 Stapylton Street, Warrill View 4307 House 6 2 5 OFFERS CONSIDERED... Located at Warrill View just 8 minutes to Harrisville township and 25 minutes to Yamanto this one will surely impress. Set on a 1012m2 block this large home has... 74 Queen Street, Harrisville 4307 House 3 1 1 $295,000... Whether looking for an investment or first home, this beauty is ready to go and will not disappoint! Never been listed and features original Queenslander... 75 Glebe Road, Silkstone 4304 House 3 1 1 $387,000... This centrally located gem will wow you with it's modern renovation, which pays homage to the original 1920's character of the home. Upon entrance from the front... 5 Takara Court, Karana Downs 4306 House 4 2 2 $389,000 Escape to your very own land of enchanted gardens, massive outdoor and multiple indoor living areas where you can entertain to your hearts content or just relax... 10 Hall Street, Harrisville 4307 House 3 1 3 ALL OFFERS... CALL TO INSPECT TODAY!! First time offered for sale in 37 years, needs to be sold!! Sitting on a quarter acre block this fully fenced 3 bed home just needs some... 91 Krugers Road, Coleyville 4307 House 2 1 6 $485,000 With access to the Cunningham Highway within 2 minutes, it's the perfect “Country Retreat” and it's an easy commute to Ipswich only 15 minutes away and... Yabba, dabba doo! Coast’s Flintstones house on market Hand-built stone cottage at property that become family's Bedrock $1.3 million home paves way for new housing market Now, the suburban stunner has new home owners Grandmother of seven evicted from home of 19 years Grandmother evicted from family home after not making her repayments Massive housing estate planned at mouth of bypass Huge development about 3km north of the Toowoomba CBD AUDIO: Swifts' renovation gives youth job hopes State Government funding lands 30 youth in traineeship positions Ready to SELL your property? Post Your Ad Here! © The Queensland Times Pty Limited 2016. Unauthorised reproduction is prohibited under the laws of Australia and by international treaty. APN APN Group Websites Need Help? Refer to our helpful FAQ section for any problems you might be experiencing. Queensland Times Ipswich News National News World News Sport Lifestyle Travel Shopping Business Real Estate Home Loans Horoscopes Ipswich Weather Newspapers in Education What's On Entertainment Events Place an event Competitions Ipswich Classifieds Jobs in Ipswich Cars for Sale in Ipswich Property listings in Ipswich Bargains for Sale in Ipswich Obituaries in Ipswich Personals in Ipswich Notices in Ipswich Property for Rent Houses for Sale Classifieds Garage Sale Recruitment Ipswich Trades and Services Air Conditioning Builders Carpet Cleaners Concreters Electricians Gardeners Handyman Painters Plumbers All Services About Queensland Times Audience Panel About Us Contact Us Our Team Use our Content Home Delivery ePaper Photo Sales Letters to the Editor Competition Terms APN News & Media Digital Advertising ARM Digital Marketing Solutions Group Sites Privacy Policy Terms of Use × Login to follow.
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Editorial Columns Letters Books Blogs BOOK REVIEW Shaking hands with the robot Jinoy Jose P   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Title: Only Humans Need Apply: Winners and Losers in the Age of Smart Machines Authors: Thomas H Davenport and Julia Kirby Publisher: Harper Collins Price: ₹899 An optimistic take on the impact of automation and artificial intelligence on work October 9, 2016:   Have you read a financial report by the Associated Press recently? Chances are that a non-human brain conceived and wrote it. AP — one of the biggest news agencies in the world — publishes more than 3,000 articles every quarter using an content-automation programme, Wordsmith. This ‘robot’ runs on technology from US-based big data analytics and language generation company Automated Insights. Employment is the first casualty in the automation revolution. Many experts in the field of communication and media have sounded alarm already, about machine writers replacing human journalists. Authors Thomas Davenport and Julia Kirby disagree. In Only Humans Need Apply the American writers argue that artificial intelligence (AI) and automation that it powers can in fact help humans augment work and enhance productivity. The key is to embrace change (AI) the right way, and not to panic. But panic is the default mood for most while discussing how AI is going to change the world. There are doomsday forecasts on advances in AI. Physicist Stephen Hawking, for one, last year said efforts to build thinking machines could wipe out humanity. The subject has inspired an assembly line of authors churning out literature on how automation and AI could make or break our future. Rise of the Machines: A Cybernetic History by Thomas Rid and Rise of the Robots: Technology and the Threat of Mass Unemployment by Martin Ford are two good examples. Davenport and Kirby understand the risks arising out of automation, which has just entered its third era. This period brings both “promise and peril”. The authors cite an Oxford University study that says automation can replace nearly half the American jobs. That’s a big number. As of today, there are more than 125 million full-time workers in the US and if automation can impact half of this crowd (that’s more than 60 million), that’s serious business. Augmenting life Davenport and Kirby like to look at the brighter side. The good news is, they write, new cognitive technologies will help solve many important societal and business problems. To give an example, now your local doctor can easily access global expertise online and find healthcare solutions at the speed of a click. Big Data solutions make correlations and decision making easier and coupled with AI they can revolutionise healthcare, finance, mass media and even art. But the obvious fallout is job losses. And this time, those losing their jobs will not be ticket collectors or even farmers, but blue-collared knowledge producers, leaving a huge army of “citizens of zero economic value.” Can we avoid this? Well, that’s a big ask. But there are ways we can circumvent this or put the changes to good use, . Davenport and Kirby finds an interesting pattern in the way humans will deal with their skills in this era: we will step up, step aside, step in, step narrowly and step forward. Step up is where people use computers or artificial intelligence to step up their skills, be it decision-making or knowledge production. Next, they step aside by opting for jobs machines cannot do. By stepping in, they will act as links between the man and the machine. Stepping narrowly is where some people will focus their skills so narrow and sharp that they attain great expertise in some super special areas so that automating them won’t make economic sense at all. Finally, stepping forward is about “creating new cognitive technology solutions for the rest of the world to use”. Davenport and Kirby say this category of work is not a big slice of the job market now, but soon it will. This mainly includes software vendors and companies developing their own systems. This demand will be huge and almost all software company will want to hire people who can assist them in stepping forward. And “no one will ever go broke automating the intelligence” of the knowledge worker. That’s hope. But the authors do not bother to discuss the viability and practicality of these enhancements. For one, they don’t seem to ignore the fact that today’s workers function in a system that does not care enough about enhancing skill. Few corporations would want to do that at the cost of their balance sheets. Most skill enhancements happen on the margins. So in all likelihood, they would see automation as a way to pep up profits that creating a culture of improved workmanship. Law needs intelligence To be fair, Davenport and Kirby ask businesses to augment human labour with technology, but they forget that only the very highly skilled work force would become beneficiaries of such a process. The rest will be forced to work under situations that favour only the companies — such as long working hours, reduced or no social security benefits, and unexpected termination. But this can be controlled by policy changes. States can introduce legislations that can encourage or if need be coerce corporations to augment, not necessarily automate, work and create a level-playing field for all kinds of workers. But most lawmaking bodies are incapable of tracking, analysing and acting upon such changes with the fastidiousness and alacrity they demand. They always function slow and hence miss the bus on most occasions. Take India as an example. The country is witnessing a boom in e-commerce thanks to advances in technology. Still, we have very few regulations and laws that understand the impact of such technologies on society. Here Davenport and Kirby make sense; they highlight the need for AI or data analytics to enter the myriad avenues of public policy making. Administrations armed with tools of AI and meticulous, fast and clear analysis of societal trends can foresee future and formulate rules that will help societies augment work and welfare. In such an environment, there will be little to worry about, say, robot journalists entering the newsroom. (This article was published on October 9, 2016) Related TOPICS arts, culture and entertainment | books and literature | computing and information technology | e-governance | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Columns Slate Statistalk From The Viewsroom The Cheat Sheet MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Demonetisation will serve two purposes The state’s unleashed its ultimate weapon Ratan Tata’s EGM gamble is a risky one When legal tender becomes illegal The dream of a cashless society Demonetisation’s good policy too Without cover Banking on the Centre Will trade triumph under Trump? Columnists Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram LATEST NEWS Economist Alagh seeks concrete plan from Centre Bank officers seek protection for staff Industry bodies appeal for lifting of cap Books, music downloads from foreign sites will be costlier from Dec 1 KG-Basin gas migration penalty: Reliance serves arbitration notice on govt More » O P E N close Recent Article in Opinion The state’s unleashed its ultimate weapon Demonetisation is a bold move, but it can be deemed successful only if the fiscal gain is substantial » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
null
Transportation BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Toyota and BMW have invested in a unique self-driving car startup BI Intelligence Oct. 10, 2016, 11:00 AM 1,901 facebook linkedin twitter email print BII See Also The startup behind these sheets wants to fix how guys treat their beds If you're new to coding, this is the programming language you should learn first See inside the $5.3 million Washington, DC, home that the Obamas will move into after they leave the White House This story was delivered to BI Intelligence IoT Briefing subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. Both Toyota and BMW recently invested Nauto, a self-driving car startup focused on collecting data from cars currently on the road so that companies can leverage that data to build out their self-driving car’s technology, according to Recode. The investment was part of a larger Series A funding round that was led by Playground Global and also included Draper Nexus and Allianz Ventures. Nauto currently outfits in manually driven fleets and personal cars with cameras and sensors to gather data on driver behavior. To do so, it is seeking partnerships with fleet management firms and some automakers to equip their vehicles with Nauto’s devices. Because of this existing relationship with many fleet managers and some automakers, Nauto has a much stronger base of real-world driving data that is very appealing to automakers. Nauto will provide the Toyota and BMW aggregated and anonymized data so it can create its own autonomous driving software. Jim Adler, Toyota’s head of data and business development, told Recode that the more experience the company has in simulating real-world driving scenarios, the better positioned it will be to build out self-driving car software. The plan is to eventually have Nauto’s software built into vehicles that BMW and Toyota manufacture.  Data will give self-driving car makers an edge to better understand road conditions and driver behaviors to implement the information into an autonomous driving product. By partnering with Nauto and implementing the devices into the vehicles they create, a much wider data set of driver behavior will be able to be collected. John Greenough, senior research analyst for BI Intelligence, has compiled a detailed report on self-driving cars that examines the major strides automakers and tech companies have made to overcome the barriers currently preventing fully autonomous cars from hitting the market. Further, the report examines global survey results showing where fully autonomous cars are highly desired. Here are some key takeaways from the report: Three barriers have been preventing fully autonomous cars from hitting the road: 1) high technological component prices; 2) varying degrees of consumer trust in the technology; and 3) relatively nonexistent regulations. However, in the past six months, there have been many advances in overcoming these barriers. Technology has been improving as new market entrants find innovative ways to expand on existing fully autonomous car technology. As a result, the price of the components required for fully autonomous cars has been dropping. Consumer trust in fully autonomous vehicle technology has increased in the past two years. California became the first US state to propose regulations. California's regulations stipulate that a fully autonomous car must have a driver behind the wheel at all times, discouraging Google's and Uber's idea of a driverless taxi system. In full, the report: Examines consumer trust in fully autonomous vehicles Identifies technological advancements that have been made in the industry Analyzes the cost of fully autonomous technology and identifies how cost is being reduced Explains the current regulations surrounding fully autonomous cars To get your copy of this invaluable guide, choose one of these options: Subscribe to an ALL-ACCESS Membership with BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report AND over 100 other expertly researched deep-dive reports, subscriptions to all of our daily newsletters, and much more. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase the report and download it immediately from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of the emerging world of self-driving cars. Learn more: What is the Internet of Things? Definition, Industries and Companies IoT Ecosystem - Forecasts and Business Opportunities IoT Market Size, Share & Growth Forecasts IoT Trends, Growth & Predictions IoT Devices, Applications & Examples Top IoT Companies to Watch & Invest In IoT Wearable Devices & Technology How IoT Will Affect Security IoT Reports More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing iot Internet of Things self-driving cars Fully Autonomous Cars Toyota BMW facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Toyota and BMW have invested in a unique self-driving car startup Toyota and BMW have invested in a unique self-driving car startup This story was delivered to BI Intelligence IoT... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Here’s how Clark County voted in presidential race 5 takeaways after Tuesday’s election Classic Gospel Sons Quartet back with new song collection Weather Eye: This week might be right time to put on winter tires Search and rescue volunteers train alongside working dogs Election 2016: Blom, Quiring to join Clark County council Press Talk: Never forget the middle class Devastating Vanport flood focus of Vintage Books event, OPB show, more Council seeks volunteers with interest in recycling, garbage disposal Retired doctor, WWII veteran to speak Red Cross volunteer meets family she’d helped in crisis PORTLAND — Thanks to a mostly anonymous voice on the phone, Joyce Corier’s son, a deployed sailor, returned home in… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Washington State rolls past Cal, 56-21 High school scoreboard 11/13 Skyview beats Chiawana 38-28 to advance to 4A state quarterfinals Columbia River girls swim to sixth-place finish at state meet Columbia River girls soccer gets even better in win over North Kitsap Mountain View football out of state playoffs Kemp’s goals helps send Camas girls soccer to 4A semifinals Prairie volleyball sweeps its way to seventh-place finish at state No. 4 Huskies upset by USC, 26-13 Woodland volleyball sends coach Nesbitt out in style Clippers rout Trail Blazers, improve to NBA-best 7-1 LOS ANGELES — Blake Griffin had 22 points and 13 rebounds, Chris Paul added 19 points, and the Los Angeles… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories For some, Zune not gone nor forgotten Convenience over cost, millennials helping drive food delivery trend Hanjin bankruptcy delays deliveries for retailers Tech Test: Google’s smart speaker playing catch-up with Amazon’s Echo Moonlighting becoming common for all workers Boeing’s retiring boomers underscore U.S. manufacturing plight Retailers cards’ rate climb to new height Smaller companies see decline in workplace injuries and illnesses Tech company Kolau talks DIY, globalization from Vancouver Berko: Time to wash hands of Bed Bath & Beyond stock Hanjin bankruptcy delays deliveries for retailers The last Hanjin Shipping vessel dropping off goods in California has set sail from the Port of Long Beach, finally… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Beautiful Bora Bora bucket-list destination Redmayne embraces magic of Potter world Martha Stewart helps make Thanksgiving easy Check It Out: Take off with books about some high-flying heroes ‘Faithful’ mixes hope, tragedy Race for must-see TV stretches Hollywood Theatergoers exposed to latest gimmicks Yellowstone plumbing gets mapped Amy Adams an actor evolving Classic Gospel Sons Quartet back with new song collection Check It Out: Take off with books about some high-flying heroes One of aviation’s true legends passed away recently, Robert Anderson “Bob” Hoover. Considered to be one of the best pilots… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Foundation for Housing Jayne: This nation is strong enough to survive Donald Trump Will: Election a rejection of Obama legacy Ambrose: Give Trump a chance Harrop: A new era dawns with trepidation Letter: Pay heed to rural homeowners Letter: Consider the information Letter: Trump garners respect Trump unlikely to dramatically reshape Supreme Court Letter: Government is for the people Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 13-19 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Chick-fil-A patrons overwhelm lot shared by 2 other businesses Everybody Has a Story is looking for more Kindergartners learn about fire safety Mount St. Helens Institute raises $103,000, celebrates 20 years Firefighters fit students for coats Employees donate time, money on Make A Difference Day Felida church collecting items for children worldwide New public art unveiled in Washougal Furry Friends receives $21,825 toward new shelter Hathaway Elementary School hosts first back-to-school bash Woodland has plan for big band WOODLAND — Seventy-six trombones? Woodland High School’s pep band has one. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Bigger brains = longer yawns Researchers say reflex might be way to cool busy brain By Rachel Feltman, The Washington Post Published: October 10, 2016, 6:05 AM A   A Everybody yawns. Everybody: The reflexive deep, jaw-stretching inhale followed by a pause and a forced exhalation is pretty much ubiquitous in the animal kingdom, at least among creatures with the right anatomy for it. It’s not clear why we yawn (or when our ancestors started the refreshing routine) but many scientists believe the action serves to cool down the brain. Brains use a lot of energy, and they run hot. Inhaling a rush of cool, ambient air chills the blood, and the widening of the jaw sends a nice blast of that breezy blood into the brain. A new study in Biology Letters could add further support to this popular theory. If bigger yawns produce a greater cooling effect, the study authors hypothesized, then animals with bigger brains — and therefore more brain tissue to cool down — would produce more sustained yawns. Their data suggests that this is indeed the case. Forget the dream of having big brains and brawn; big brains and yawn is much cooler. Led by Andrew Gallup of the State University of New York at Oneonta, who has long investigated this possible brain-cooling mechanism, researchers studied 29 mammals whose brain weights had been documented in a previous paper. They tracked down videos of these animals yawning — mostly on YouTube — to calculate the average length of their yawns. When the team crunched the numbers, they found that brain weight and “cortical neuron number” — the number of brain cells in the outer layer known as the cortex — were reliable predictors of yawn length, more reliable than total body size or relative brain size. Gorillas, camels, horses, lions, walruses and African elephants were all found to have shorter yawns than humans despite their massive sizes, which makes sense because their brains are smaller than ours. In other words, the length of a yawn doesn’t seem to correlate to the size of your body. It seems to correlate to the size of your brain. “Consistent with these results, we also found that primates tend to have longer and more variable yawn durations compared with other mammals,” the study authors write, even though some of the nonprimates they studied opened their jaws wider. “If yawning cools certain parts of the brain, it makes sense that larger brains with more cortical neurons require longer yawns and more influx of air,” Elainie Alenkaer Madsen of Lund University, who was not involved in the new study, told the Atlantic. “It’s a very nice and intuitive finding.” Not all scientists are convinced that yawns exist to cool the brain. Yawns have a tendency to be contagious, even among nonhuman animals — and there’s some evidence that yawns are more catching among animals that experience empathy for patient zero of the yawn epidemic. Because of this strange social reflex, some researchers believe that yawns are actually some kind of communicative signal — something that evolved for psychological reasons, not physiological ones. But the answer might be somewhere in the middle: Perhaps all animals developed yawns to keep ever-expanding brains cooled down, and only humans and their closest kin have developed a secondary emotional use for the reflex. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
null
﻿ Embracing the Artificial Intelligence Mind-Set Without Losing the Human Touch | SalesAndMarketing.com Hello Visitor! Log In or Register Contact Us Advertise Subscribe Media Kit RSS        Homepage Closers SMM Connect Advertise FREE Webinars Archive DIRECTORIES Digital Issues Enews SUBSCRIBE    Print Embracing the Artificial Intelligence Mind-Set Without Losing the Human Touch Article | Sun, 10/09/2016 - 23:00 by: Mike Restivo Traditional salespeople need to learn that what they say doesn’t always go. But they would be forgiven for holding onto this mind-set, especially if they started their careers in the 1980s and 90s, when sales success was, by and large, deemed to be dependent on instinct, gut feelings, and a natural ability to forecast customer trends. The reality is that, until recently, the majority of salespeople have been starved of useful, coherent information about their customers. Greater Data In 2016, more and more companies are turning toward artificial intelligence (AI), facilitated by customer relationship management (CRM) technology, to inform and support the sales process. Broadly speaking, AI refers to the development of machines and computer systems capable of performing actions which normally require human intelligence. While AI is helping engineers to build human robots and doctors to produce more accurate diagnoses, for sales and marketing professionals, the primary benefits are tied to the automated capture and analysis of customer data. It’s easy to see why: upper management teams are putting increasing pressure on salespeople to validate their claims using accurate customer data. And automated data capture is quite frankly more reliable than the manual data captured by humans. The gradual shift away from instinct and guesswork toward accurate, data-driven decision making is creating efficiencies in many different professions. Old-school London black cab drivers would once swear by their knowledge of that city’s busy, maze-like streets. Now, GPS often proves them wrong, but it at least means they can get more customers to their destinations, faster. Accurate data capture is even more useful when facilitated by transparent systems. Community based navigation apps, such as Waze, enable users to help each other by sharing real-time information about traffic and road conditions in their area. The process of using GPS is therefore made simpler and more transparent for more people. The same principle applies to CRM. If your system of choice is both accurate and transparent, people within your sales and marketing teams will want to adopt it. More users mean more customer data, and more customer data ultimately means more reliable insights into up- and cross-selling opportunities. However, adopting front-end CRM technology is easier said than done. There is a duty on the part of upper management to ensure staff understand the benefits of using certain systems and, perhaps more importantly, to manage their expectations of what the technology actually can, or should, do for them. They need to communicate that while adoption can be a long process, once systems are up and running the time for realizing value is very quick. This is especially true for CRMs that can be easily integrated with complementary software. Healthy, Human Selling There is also a duty on the part of end-users to understand that data is not a replacement for the ‘human touch’ of sales, but rather something that informs and supports it. While it was difficult for salespeople several decades ago to accurately predict customer buying patterns without data, it was difficult for them to add the ‘human touch’ to customer interactions for the same reason. Modern CRMs automatically track and analyze data from phone calls and emails to help salespeople understand how individual customers think and behave, which in turn enables them to improve the personalization of both their sales and non-sales communications.  AI doesn’t mean the end of sales with the ‘human touch’ – far from it. For the companies that embrace radical transparency and company-wide adoption, tools like automated data capture and predictive analytics will become the foundation of a new customer-centric culture. Responsibility for customer relationships will transcend sales and marketing teams as staff at all levels capture vital information – whether related to new business opportunities or existing relationships – that may otherwise have fallen under the radar. Changing traditional sales culture isn’t quick or easy, but AI is speeding up the process. Think of it like using a FitBit: as you exercise, you capture more information to help you improve your exercise routine in the future, and improving your exercise routine makes your healthier in the long term. In the same way, intelligent, data-driven CRM is driving a healthier, more efficient approach to sales. Mike Restivo is the senior vice president of global sales at Bullhorn, a provider of cloud-based software for relationship-driven business activities.   STOP buying your incentives, rewards, business gifts and gift cards at retail!         Instead, contact the local and national reps who represent the “Special” or “Corporate” Markets divisions of the leading brands. They understand your needs and are able to deliver solutions that work. They not only have the latest products and greatest brands, they also have great ideas on building exciting, performance-enhancing programs and often offer special pricing. Need a plumber?  Call a plumber.   Need incentive merchandise and gift cards?   Call these professionals... Find incentive merchandise suppliers Find incentive gift card suppliers     SMM-GoalQuest Featured Whitepaper Commitment is Key to Motivation: The Surprising Power of Self-Selected Goals DOWNLOAD NOW! Advertise with the brand your customers and prospects know (138,110) SMMConnect Complimentary Webinars (128,044) SMMConnect (125,142) RSS Feeds List (122,957) Managing for Keeps: 3 Common Mistakes Sales Managers Make (106,811) A Sales Optimization Strategy: Sales Enablement (98,848) 10 Essentials for Successful Trade Show Exhibiting (98,279) A Case for Sales Enablement (96,574) Talk is money (94,730) Managing A Prima Donna Salesperson (93,157)   1 of 306 ›› more  Learn about SMM's Webinar opportunities:   FREE Whitepapers...   n/a Terms of Use Privacy Statement Subscribe  
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. Email to the Editor Login   | Create Account Logout  |   Profile   |  Subscribe Follow Login New Account Logout Profile Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations Hillary: Face of a sociopath Published: 10/10/2016 at 7:36 PM That wasn’t a debate Sunday night; it was a showpiece for sociopathic behavior. It wasn’t just that Hillary Clinton wants to be president but dressed like a slob for the debate, it was that no matter what was said, she had the same expression on her face. It was bizarre to see Trump call her a liar to her face, say that she is full of hatred in her heart, level truth after truth at her – and she NEVER showed any emotion. She didn’t flinch when he told her that he’d appoint a special prosecutor to investigate her crimes if he becomes president. She came back with the same smile, the same superior affect, and blatantly and smoothly told lie after lie. One of the trademarks of a sociopath is the ability to tell a lie believably. If you didn’t know that all the things she said were lies, you would fall for her and think she was a fine, intelligent and coherent person. I worked as an RN in jails for six years and dealt with hundreds of sociopaths. I have never seen a better display. Clinton was so smooth, so unemotional, so confident that anything she said would be swallowed. What that indicates is a coldness, a lack of emotion internally, a calculated and practiced ability to create a mask of believability to her lies. It clearly upset Trump. His posture walking off the stage and greeting his family was extremely tense – anger generated by someone who simply didn’t care what he said. “Hellery” has the trait of a sociopath that people have the same value as objects; they are things to be used. She has the same regard for people as she does a toaster. She knows how to manipulate and use the right words, eye contact and expressions to gain people’s confidence. But if she wants to sell 400 shoulder-fired missiles to Muslims and you request better security 600 times and then are attacked, you become expendable like those men in Benghazi. At the debate Trump devastated Clinton after a slow start. And her walking around parroting lies when she knew they were lies, the audience knew they were lies, and she obviously knew they knew she was lying but kept right on saying them, tells you what she is loud and clear. You may complain about the “moderators”; you might complain about several other things, but to me all that fades behind this horror, this cold, emotionless monster that wants absolute power over America. Oh my God. Sunday you witnessed something significant, and it left me with nightmares. Clinton would have the same smile on her face if Iran launched a missile and it killed a million people. Tonight you saw a sociopath in action. Your future means absolutely nothing to her. Trump must win. Bob Schatan Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2016. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Ideas MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Watch Scarlett Johansson in the First Trailer for Ghost in the Shell Ibuprofen May Not Be As Safe As You Think The Truth About What Alcohol Does to Your Heart Doctor Strange Dominates in Second Box Office Weekend Review: Saturday Night Live Is in Mourning, But Won’t Say Why Musician Leon Russell Dies at 74 Heart Disease Is Way Down In the U.S. Watch Kate McKinnon Sing ‘Hallelujah’ in a Powerful SNL Cold Open Watch Dave Chappelle Parody The Walking Dead on Saturday Night Live Watch Dave Chappelle’s Saturday Night Live Monologue TIME Ideas politics Donald Trump’s Wealth Is Fool’s Gold Cody Cain Oct. 7, 2016 SHARE Mike Segar—Reuters Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speaks at a campaign rally in Henderson, Nev., on Oct. 5, 2016. Cain is a writer It certainly doesn’t qualify him to be president Donald Trump wants you to believe that because he is rich, he must also be smart and therefore he is qualified to be President of the United States. Trump reinforces this message over and over again. Sometimes he says it directly. He emphasized it at his announcement that he was running for president. “I’m really rich,” he said, and “that’s the kind of mindset, that’s the kind of thinking you need for this country.” And he made certain to highlight this message again during the first presidential debate, his largest audience to date. “I built [a very small loan] into a company that’s worth many, many billions of dollars, with some of the greatest assets in the world,” he said, “and I say that only because that’s the kind of thinking that our country needs.” At other times he is more sly. He frequently holds campaign events surrounded by images of his wealth. He gives interviews from his gilded penthouse apartment, stages rallies with his private jet featured prominently in the background, and holds campaign events in his luxury hotels and golf clubs. Trump, who has no experience in government, has based his entire candidacy upon the notion that he is rich. Admittedly, it is tempting to believe that someone who is rich must also be smart. After all, we have been told that our system is based upon merit such that those who work the hardest and possess the greatest ability will be rewarded the most financially. But we all know that the system is not always fair. Sometimes people stumble into wealth without possessing any sort of enhanced intelligence or ability at all, such as by winning the lottery, receiving a large inheritance or unwittingly discovering oil in their back yard. To be sure, it must be said that no one knows the truth about how much Trump is actually worth. Trump has claimed that he is worth more than $10 billion, but Bloomberg estimated his wealth at $3 billion. The real question is whether he made all this money by being smart. It seems quite plausible that Trump owes his fortune to a single factor: dumb luck. For Trump, his good fortune began with his inheritance. Trump’s father was a multi-millionaire, and Trump benefitted tremendously from the enormous advantage of being born into wealth and privilege. He also had the good fortune of being able to piggyback on his father’s already established business in real estate. His father’s business was responsible for Trump landing his first major project of developing the Grand Hyatt hotel on 42nd Street in Manhattan. This was the project that established Trump in his own right and essentially gave rise to his career. Trump acknowledges the benefit of his father, but he claims that it was his own genius that enabled him to take what he inherited from his father and expand it into a multi-billion dollar empire. Yet Trump’s success seems to have been derived far more from the underlying circumstances and market conditions than from any specific business acumen exercised by Trump. Trump did not invent or discover anything new; he just went into the established family business and got lucky. The value of Trump’s real estate assets did indeed increase dramatically. But it is difficult to attribute this wealth to anything specific about Trump. Trump began his carrier in the late 1970s and early 1980s just when the nation was beginning a financial recovery from the recession of the earlier 1970s. The nation experienced a temporary boom during the 1980s that included an increase in the value of luxury real estate, in part due to the appalling tax cuts for the wealthy granted by President Ronald Reagan. This broad market increase helped create Trump’s fortune. And when the market turned and went down in the early 1990s, guess what happened to Trump? Well, he went down, too. In fact, he was wiped-out. He never saw it coming. Several years later, the market came roaring back, especially for the wealthy. So Trump recovered as well. This is when Trump wrote his book, Trump: The Art of the Comeback, and claimed credit for his own revival. Over the course of Trump’s career, he has made some horrendous decisions. For example, he purchased the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan for top dollar at the worst time in 1988 right before the dramatic market collapse that wiped him out. In another example, he began a new business, Trump Mortgage, that provided residential mortgages right before the dramatic collapse of the national mortgage market that kicked-off the financial crisis of 2008. The business failed. When Trump attempted to branch out into other business areas outside of real estate, he also made plenty of bad decisions. He had casinos in Atlantic City end up in bankruptcy. He was forced by his creditors to sell off his airline. He shut down his ill-fated Trump University in the face of private and governmental fraud lawsuits. And he left a string of other business failures in his wake as well, like the Trump board game and the Trump travel site. This certainly does not sound like any sort of a business wunderkind. “I’m very, very, very intelligent,” Trump has insisted, in one of his countless attempts at convincing other people that he is smart. Of course, genuinely smart people do not need to tell other people that they are smart, especially over and over again, because the evidence speaks for itself. Tap to read full story TIME Ideas hosts the world's leading voices, providing commentary on events in news, society, and culture. We welcome outside contributions. Opinions expressed do not necessarily reflect the views of TIME editors. Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
Subscribe to Bureau County Republican 41°FFairFull Forecast News News Home Local Business/Agriculture Meetings/Minutes Obituaries Records Corrections Sports Sports Home Local Columnists Today's Ticket Scoreboard Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Opinion Opinion Home Columnists Letters From the Editor's Desk Lifestyle Lifestyle Home More Lifestyle Education Entertainment Religion Celebrations Records/Obituaries Obituaries Police/Fire Courts Births Property Transfers Public Notices Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Announcements Campus Report Engagement Announcement Letters to the Editor Place a Classified Ad Press Releases Subscribe to the Bureau County Republican Temporary Subscription Stop Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Us Contests Coupons eEdition Follow Us Get Newsletter Lottery Newspapers in Education Photo Store Place a Classified Ad Printing Privacy Policy Reader's Choice Submit News Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest BCR Alerts Weather Username: Password:   Forgot Password?|Register News Sports Pro Football Weekly Opinion Video Lifestyle Records/Obituaries Cars815 Photo Store Public Notices eEdition Share More Jobs Wheels Classified Braboy named 21st Century Scholar Published: Tuesday, Oct. 11, 2016 4:10 p.m. CST • Updated: Tuesday, Oct. 18, 2016 5:15 p.m. CST Caption(Photo contributed) 21st Century Scholars Society finalists Aelsa Butler (left), 21st Century Scholar Gabriel Braboy, Elaine Lethiot-Cabrera, Stefan Nelson, Trevor Finnan and Ben Bejster at the awards dinner. OGLESBY — Illinois Valley Community College sophomore Gabriel Braboy of Dalzell, a 4.0 student planning to study civil engineering at the University of Illinois, was named the IVCC Foundation’s 21st Century Scholar on Sept. 15 and received $3,500 for tuition, books and fees. Finalists receiving $2,000 each at the Society’s 10th annual dinner were Ben Bejster of Peru, finance; Elaine Lethiot-Cabrera of Ottawa, nursing; Aelsa Butler of Arlington, business; Trevor Finnan of Utica, neurology; and Stefan Nelson of Princeton, engineering. Braboy, the son of Cheryl and Patrick Braboy, hopes to one day design and build roads and bridges. A Top 10 graduate of St. Bede Academy, Braboy helped pitch the Bruin baseball team to fourth place in the state in 2015. He is a leader in IVCC’s STEM and Chem clubs. He also signed up donors for blood drives, assisted with river testing and was elected sophomore representative to the Student Government Association. Since 2010, he has volunteered three weeks each summer to the Peru Catholic science camp. In his recommendation of Braboy, chemistry instructor Dr. Matthew Johll said, “In the 20 years I’ve been working with chemistry students, Gabe is among the top 2 percent. He has a rare combination of motivation, intellectual ability and work ethic.” Bejster, a sophomore outfielder for the IVCC baseball team, is a graduate of La Salle-Peru High School. The son of Tony and Kristi Bejster, he earned a 4.0 GPA his freshman year at the college while working as a math tutor and assumed leadership positions in Phi Theta Kappa and the math club Indefinite Limit. Math instructor Mary Black, who works with Bejster in the math learning lab, praised his “command of the material, kindness and listening skills,” while tutoring other students. Lethiot-Cabrera worked eight years with students with severe and profound disabilities for United Cerebral Palsy of Joliet before deciding to pursue the RN at IVCC. She earned a 4.0 in her first year in the program. A married mother of three, Lethiot-Cabrera, was nominated by nursing instructor Julie Hogue who said, “Academically, Elaine is in the top of her class and that includes nursing and pharmacology classes while caring for her family and being employed. She is an awesome student and will be a fantastic nurse.” The daughter of the late Jim Lethiot of Ottawa and Susan and Bruce Butchko of Ottawa, she plans to work in long-term care with Alzheimer’s patients. Butler, the daughter of Paul and Pamela Butler, teaches violin, viola and piano at a Princeton studio. A 4.0 GPA student, she plans to study business at Eureka College next fall. She is a former concertmaster for the Illinois Valley Youth Symphony Orchestra and is the current co-editor-in-chief for the IVCC student newspaper, The IV Leader. In his nomination, music instructor Michael Pecherek said, “Aelsa demonstrates a maturity, a demeanor and an utterly articulate manner of expressing herself.” She and her brothers will perform at IVCC’s Oct. 15 Day of the Arts as “The Butler Family Trio.” Finnan, the son of Kristal Prather of Utica and Dwayne Finnan of DeKalb, earned IVCC’s highest academic honor last spring when he was named a Thomas J. McCormack Scholar. He is involved in Phi Theta Kappa, Student Ambassadors, IV Leader, IV Sustainability, Project Success, The Student Shadow program and he helped complete an Honors Program study on the water quality in local rivers. He also does volunteer work for the Peru YMCA and the Utica Fire Department. In his nomination, English instructor Adam Oldaker said, “I fully believe Trevor will accomplish all his goals. He is just that hard working and genuinely wants to make a difference in the lives of others.” Nelson, a married father of two, spent four years in the U.S. Army Airborne Infantry and completed 30 jumps during his enlistment. His unit was one of the last to depart Iraq in December 2013. Before coming to IVCC, he transitioned to civilian life by serving two years in the National Guard and working as a carpenter. Nelson, also a Thomas J. McCormack Scholar with a 4.0 GPA, is a math tutor and is involved with the veteran’s club, PTK, STEM and Chem clubs. He plans to study mechanical engineering at Bradley next fall. He is married to Katie Nelson and is the son of Jim and Andrea Nelson of Princeton. He was nominated by math instructor Trisha Blood. The Society also awarded $500 each to 17 honorable mention winners: Breann Aubry, Utica, nursing; Kayte Bernardoni, Lostant, English; Brenda Carr, Princeton, nursing; Elias Chah, LaSalle, pharmacy; April Cullifer, LaSalle, criminal justice; Heather Davis, Princeton, nursing; Camden Dodge; Streator, history; Laura Faletti, LaSalle, psychology; Rebecca Fecht, Spring Valley, nursing; Allison Hawbaker, Mendota, piano performance; Heather McCutcheon, Ladd, nursing; Shannon McGrath, Marseilles, nursing; Alexandra Mentgen, Oglesby, nursing; Arinze Ochuba, Peru, medicine; Trupti Patel, Ottawa, nursing; Kristen Pinn, Hennepin, accounting; and Jill Wignes, Marseilles, nursing. In all, 23 students received $22,000. Since its founding in 2007, the society has awarded nearly $130,000 to 106 students. Currently made up of about 30 members each contributing $500 annually, the initiative rewards some of IVCC’s most promising returning students. To qualify, students need a minimum 3.5 GPA as well as extensive college involvement and community service. New members welcomed Sept. 15 were Art and Ellen Mueller of Ottawa and June Freebairn of rural Utica. To join the society, call Fran Brolley at 815-224-0466. Previous Page|1|2|Next Page More News October Teens of the Month recognizedNov. 11, 2016 - 4:18 pm Lusietto named DAR award winnerNov. 11, 2016 - 3:51 pm BVHS to destroy recordsNov. 9, 2016 - 3:10 pm Officer, canine dog visit JFK studentsNov. 9, 2016 - 2:52 pm Schlesinger inducted into honor societyNov. 9, 2016 - 2:51 pm Nursing admission information session announcedNov. 8, 2016 - 4:17 pm Comments Local Business Guide Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Nightlife/Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Princeton Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Princeton Lawn Services Lawyers in Princeton Shopping in Princeton Travel to Princeton Tanning in Princeton Used Cars in Princeton Wedding Services ▼ Search for a business Add your business here + About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Local Business Showcase | Today's Ads Customer Service: (815) 875-4461 Copyright © 2016 Bureau County Republican. All rights reserved. Published in Princeton, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Locality World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# War on Black Money Donald Trump demonetisation Narendra Modi Bigg Boss 10 Home Sci/Tech Google's AI assistant has been shaped by Pixar and The Onion (google) Shares3 Mon, 10 Oct 2016-10:25pm , AFP The tech giant reportedly brought in writers from both Pixar and The Onion to make it's AI sound more life-like. Staff from Disney's Pixar studio were brought on board to help make Google's Assistant technology more personable, according to a new report. The artificial intelligence assistant, was integrated into Google chat apps Allo and Duo, and powers upcoming order-taking AI pod Google Home. In order to help users connect with devices using Assistant technology, Google turned to writers from both animated film studio Pixar and satirical news site The Onion, as the Wall Street Journal reports. Google may be the latecomer to the digital assistant party, but it's definitely got the right idea. While we're using our smartphones and asking Siri or Google Now for mapping directions, we can do just fine with what's clearly a robot. But as we move towards IoT devices like Google Home and Amazon's Echo, devices that aim to help you just by talking to them, those conversations have to be more life-like to have any hopes of drawing customers. Convenience and voice-activation is well and good, but most users would be too unnerved by a lifeless servant to actually stick with it long term. TOP TOP < Expelled AIADMK MP Sasikala Pushpa demands CBI probe into Jayalalithaa's health   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech New emojis to include breastfeeding, a hijab and the lotus position Sci/Tech 'Impossible' space engine may actually work, says NASA Sci/Tech Novel way to create better, faster and stronger heart cells Sci/Tech Night delight: 'supermoon' to grace Earth's skies Sci/Tech National Geographic will air a new TV series Mission to Mars Sci/Tech A new smart material can de-ice any surface Next Article > Giving in to demand, J&K Bank willing to offer Islamic banking: Chairman Parvez Ahmad < Previous ArticleNext Article > Expelled AIADMK MP Sasikala Pushpa demands CBI probe into Jayalalithaa's health Next node Giving in to demand, J&K Bank willing to offer Islamic banking: Chairman Parvez Ahmad Related dna Tech Reads: From truth behind new Rs 2,000 note to Facebook's Snapchat-like app for developing countries dna Tech Reads: From tiniest drone in the world to supercomputer that may unveil mysterious dark matter AI can now invent new forms of encryption Video Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut Watch: New York flash mob dances in support of Hillary Clinton and her pantsuits! Watch | 'There will be Kashmir but not Pakistan': Indian soldier's poem goes viral View all Tags Artificial Intelligence (AI) Digital assistant Google Home Siri Amazon Echo Alexa Pixar The Onion Web Exclusive SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Police teams to monitor social media to root out rumours Iconic 'Afghan girl' Sharbat Gula to travel to India for treatment 10 mn new Rs 500 notes dispatched Demonetization | 50 days for a new India: Modi turns tables on detractors in combative & emotional speeches Mall hosts Aryanagar’s Mighty Raju and Arjun Sport India v/s England: We proved that we can play in sub-continent: Alastair Cook India v/s England: A draw to ponder upon India v/s England: We know how to draw games now: Virat Kohli Former Delhi players seek affiliation as DDCA runs out of time, money I am not a match-fixer, insists Alviro Petersen Entertainment Watch: The action packed trailer of 'Ghost in the Shell' is not one to be missed SRK doesn’t let real Raees’s son rise Tiger keeps everything bottled in: Ayesha Shroff Children’s Day special: My favourite kiddie film is... Shah Rukh Khan's pole dance on 'Yaaron Ki Baraat' is something you shouldn't miss! Money Jet Airways to operate flights to Fiji, Shanghai FPI inflows at $4.5 billion in Q2; DIIs turn net sellers: ICICI Demonetization: Amid chaos and growing public anger, Modi holds meeting with senior minister Consumption cos face tough Q3 on note ban No ulterior motive on Boards’ independence: Cyrus Mistry Partner site: Zee News ©2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
indiatimes logo News Lifestyle Entertainment Health Videos Sports Trending #Breathless indiatimes logo Menu Facebook Science Says The Longer You Yawn, The More Intelligent You Are Share facebook twitter reddit facebook twitter search X Loading...... Load more Home News India World Sports Weird Lifestyle Self Style Tech Who we are Travel Food Entertainment Bollywood Celebscoop Hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Videos Sports Trending #Breathless Follow indiatimes facebook twitter     TRENDING TODAY Few Small Steps That Can Make Your Heart Healthier Husband In UAE Divorces Newly-Wed Wife After Seeing Her Without Makeup For The First Time! Drinking 8 Glasses Of Water Everyday? You Can Die Of Fatal Water Intoxication Says A Study! Worried About The Hygiene Standards Around You? These 7 Things Will Help You Keep Diseases At Bay Women Find Men With Beard Sexier And More Suitable For Long-Term Relationship, Says A Study close Home > health > healthy living Science Says The Longer You Yawn, The More Intelligent You Are Arushi Chaturvedi October 10, 2016 19.6k facebook twitter reddit We've all been told not to yawn. But according to a new study animals with bigger brains longer the length of their yawns. Therefore, longer the yawn, more intelligent the animal. youtube.com Researchers from the State University of New York in the US looked at the videos of 29 mammals yawning to calculate the average length of their yawns. The animals had their brain weight already documented in an earlier research. When the researchers squeezed the numbers, they realised that brain weight and the number of neurons in the outer layer of the brain called cortex can constantly predict yawn length. For instance, gorillas, horses, walruses and African elephants may have huge sizes but they have shorter yawns than humans because the sizes of their brains are smaller compared with ours. www.zooborns.com The findings also told us that the length of yawn does not correlate to the size of the body but to the size of the brain, 'Tech Times' reported. The research team led by Andrew Gallup, from the State University of New York also found that the animals with bigger brain were more variable in the length of their yawns. According to Liz Cirulli Rogers, from Duke University School of Medicine, it is possible that more intelligent animals have different types of yawn in response to different stimuli while the less-intelligent ones only have one type of yawn. "We show that both the mean and variance in yawn duration are robust predictors of mammalian brain weight and cortical neuron number," Gallup added. 19.6k facebook twitter reddit Comment Here ADVERTISEMENT Follow @indiatimes Next on Indiatimes Health: Usually Prescribed Blood Pressure Drugs Can Increase Depression, Finds Study Spotlight PARTNER These Are The 7 Things You Simply Cannot Live Without PARTNER These Horrifying Statistics Will Make You Join The Movement Against A Diabetes Free India PARTNER Few Small Steps That Can Make Your Heart Healthier Dad Still Travels By Bus And Mom Takes An Auto, Says A Very Humble John Abraham KJo Has Bought The Exclusive Hindi Remake Rights Of Sairat, Claim Reports Trending Few Small Steps That Can Make Your Heart Healthier 4.3k Shares Husband In UAE Divorces Newly-Wed Wife After Seeing Her Without Makeup For The First Time! 10.2k Shares Drinking 8 Glasses Of Water Everyday? You Can Die Of Fatal Water Intoxication Says A Study! 9.3k Shares Worried About The Hygiene Standards Around You? These 7 Things Will Help You Keep Diseases At Bay 1.8k Shares Women Find Men With Beard Sexier And More Suitable For Long-Term Relationship, Says A Study 21.6k Shares     Our Channels News Lifestyle Entertainment Health Videos Sports Trending Sections india world sports weird self style Tech who we are travel food bollywood celebscoop hollywood Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Photogallery Indiatimes Lifestyle Network MENS XP iDiva Luxury Ask Men Pursuitist Specials #FRONTLINES #GOFORGOLD #INDIANAMA Other Sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider ZoomTv Gizmodo Lifehacker IGN BoxTV Gaana Online Shopping Techradar Daily Deals Gitanjali Shop Satvik Shop WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Filmfare Femina Mobile Greetings Follo Jobs Property Astrology Speaking Tree Matrimonial iTimes Ads2book TcNext Romedy Now About us Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us ABOUT INDIATIMES Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS Copyright © 2016 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved Archive | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Indiatimes Mobile | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy

× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. APP Frontpage Login   | Create Account Logout  |   Profile   |  Subscribe Follow Login New Account Logout Profile Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations PALEOPSYCHOLOGY 'Toxic white masculinity': What is it all about? Exclusive: Kent G. Bailey examines 'virulent disease' creating confusion across America Published: 10/09/2016 at 4:48 PM Kent G. Bailey About | Email | Archive Kent G. Bailey, Ph.D., is a retired professor of clinical psychology who specializes in Human Paleopsychology and the paleopolitics of human behavior. Subscribe to feed Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print The Duke Men’s Project, launched this month and hosted by the campus Women’s Center, offers a nine-week program for “male-identified” students that discusses male privilege, patriarchy, “the language of dominance,” rape culture, pornography, machismo and other topics, according to Fox News. In 2003, I coined the term “Politically Correct Psychosis,” or PCP. This serious and cognitively debilitating disorder emerges when the Marxist, liberal and progressivist crypto-religious worldview is challenged, and it is especially prevalent in highly educated, upper middle class, Caucasian populations in New York, Florida, and California. Virtually everyone in the New York Republic and its sympathizers suffer from it, and the mainstream media is pitifully at risk. The symptoms of PCP are set off by any imagined or implied threats toward certain populations favored by the leftist elite, including blacks, women, homosexuals, transgenders, immigrants and basically anyone other than Christian and conservative white males. When infected by highly contagious PCP, an otherwise sane and intelligent college professor, politician, entertainer or TV journalist will suddenly fall into a glassy-eyed state of mild cognitive retardation, repetition of stereotyped and meaningless phrases and an inability to engage in rational discourse. Ironically, so many people on the left suffer from PCP, they have come to accept inanity, silliness and irrationality as normal and even desirable. Watch just one episode of the “The View,” and PCP will be on vivid display. Politically Correct Psychosis is becoming a more virulent disease with each passing day, and it has produced so much confusion and pathology among the masses that many people cannot even decide what sex they are or which bathroom to use. We must all pray for a cure for this person-destroying and nation-destroying affliction. “Toxic white masculinity” is the latest and most outrageous outbreak of Politically Correct Psychosis. The term may have been coined by feminized men in the 1990s who were uncertain about their male roles, but it has recently morphed into an all-out feminist attack on the male of the species. The radical leftist website Salon.com has recently published a spate of articles on the topic including a mind-numbing and jingoistic rant to white America by ghetto philosopher Chauncey DeVega. He says toxic white masculinity is a type of cancer in America fueled by Fox News, backward right-wing politicians and, of course, those pesky and dangerous trouble makers – Christians. Since I am one of the deformed cells in the cancerous mass of white males in America, let me say a few words in defense of my race and gender: 1) First, as always, I argue that human beings cannot be understood – politically or otherwise – without understanding our species as expressed in our human nature. “Human Paleopsychology” represents my comprehensive take on human nature, but the reader may prefer some other approach. Any such approach must address matters of reproduction, sex-role differences, kinship and tribe, group differences and conflict, and religion and spiritual concerns. 2) Understanding the issue of the “toxic male” requires a deep understanding of the nature of sex differences in human beings. Men truly are from Mars and the women from Venus, and their differences and species responsibilities are monumentally large, indeed. Species-wise, as the gatherer of food and giver and nurturer of life, the female is the most important sex, but her life space and activities were limited mostly to the home base. The male hunter, by contrast, was a protector of women and children at home, but he ventured far and wide as a hunter, explorer and inventor of tools and implements of war. In his travels, he encountered numerous strangers with whom he either fought or, hopefully, established political bonds. 3) The life of the hunter male was exciting and even fun, I suspect, whereas that of the female was close and warm with female kin and children, but highly restrictive and dangerous in matters of pregnancy, childbirth and nursing and rearing of offspring. 4) Throughout post-caveman history, women have indeed been an oppressed class forced into sex, pregnancy, childbirth and marriage at an early age, and the lucky ones were the concubines and wives of wealthy husbands. Their world was one of children and other women and an occasional tryst with the king, prince, tribal leader or husband of a forced marriage. 5) In the early cave man stages of pagan fertility communities, some females may have served as “goddesses” of sorts, but there has never been a society since where women, as a group, ruled over men and the warrior class. Of course, there have been instances where women served effectively as leaders of groups or nations, but in every instance, the woman’s power was bestowed and maintained by men and not women. The so-called Amazons were more wish-fulfilling fantasy than reality, and there is little evidence of a true matriarchy in human history. 6) Today, feminist women and feminized liberal men are determined to not only rewrite European and American history, but the history of the species as well! They believe they can completely take over the country from the “toxic white men” who founded it and furnished it with virtually every invention in sight from the clock to the electric light, the Ford Model T, the Saturn rocket and, of course, the Internet – thanks to Al Gore. Read the works of historian Daniel Boorstein, and see who are the great discoverers, creators and developers of today’s amazing world – a virtual extravaganza of “toxic white men.” 7) What is this “toxic white male” thing all about, anyway? The answer-strained and fabricated notions about the literal “equality” of the sexes. Marxist liberals and their foot-soldier feminists are determined to produce equality in every nook and cranny of American culture even when it conflicts with human nature and objective reality. Thus, after 70 years of failure to usurp male influence and power, the new approach is to belittle, confuse, demean and ultimately disenfranchise men with the help of the media, the feminized universities and the Democratic Party. If you cannot compete with men or take their place by legitimate means, then just bitch them to death, reject and shame them out of existence. This is basically how tattletale sisters have dealt with their annoying brothers since the dawn of time, and this is exactly what Hillary and her crowd are attempting with the ultimate toxic white male – Donald Trump. Let’s conclude with a hypothetical mental experiment. Imagine a week in America where all the “oppressed” and disgruntled women and other man-haters were denied access to each and every invention that originated in the “toxic white male” mind, and they were also denied any and all protections from the police, military and, moreover, males in general. A quote from Camille Paglia’s epic “Sexual Personae” comes to mind here: “If civilization had been left in female hands we would still be living in grass huts” (p.38).   Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah Christians aren't grafted into a dead tree STATE OF MIND Gina Loudon The outsiders: Trump and Reagan ELECTION 2016 Jesse Lee Peterson President Trump, unite us against our enemies CULTURE WARS Chuck Norris A letter President Trump must answer WE THE PEOPLE Ben Kinchlow The Founders' faith and politics More Commentary » Deal of the Day Jonathan Cahn's 'The Book of Mysteries' – $4.95 today only! 'Revelations from heaven, answers to life's most enduring, age-old questions' Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2016. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
null
null
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Locality World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# War on Black Money Donald Trump demonetisation Narendra Modi Bigg Boss 10 Home Sci/Tech Longer yawns may mean bigger brains: Study A lion yawns on July 19, 2010, in the Edeni Game Reserve, South Africa. Edeni is a 21,000-acre wilderness area with an abundance of game and birdlife located near Kruger National Park in South Africa. (Getty Images - File Photo) Shares50 Mon, 10 Oct 2016-12:30pm , New York , PTI Researchers looked at videos of 29 mammals yawning. A longer yawn may correlate to a bigger brain size, according to a new study which also found that the animals with bigger brain are more variable in the length of their yawns. Researchers from the State University of New York in the US looked at the videos of 29 mammals yawning to calculate the average length of their yawns. The animals had their brain weight already documented in an earlier research. When the researchers crunched the numbers, they realised that brain weight and the number of neurons in the outer layer of the brain called cortex can reliably predict yawn length. For instance, gorillas, horses, walruses and African elephants may have huge sizes but they have shorter yawns than humans because the size of their brains are smaller compared with ours. The findings suggest that the length of yawn does not correlate to the size of the body but to the size of the brain, 'Tech Times' reported. The research team led by Andrew Gallup, from the State University of New York also found that the animals with bigger brain were more variable in the length of their yawns. According to Liz Cirulli Rogers, from Duke University School of Medicine, it is possible that more intelligent animals have different types of yawn in response to different stimuli while the less-intelligent ones only have one type of yawn. "We show that both the mean and variance in yawn duration are robust predictors of mammalian brain weight and cortical neuron number," Gallup added. TOP TOP < North Carolina floodwaters, death toll rise as Hurricane Matthew heads to sea   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech New emojis to include breastfeeding, a hijab and the lotus position Sci/Tech 'Impossible' space engine may actually work, says NASA Sci/Tech Novel way to create better, faster and stronger heart cells Sci/Tech Night delight: 'supermoon' to grace Earth's skies Sci/Tech National Geographic will air a new TV series Mission to Mars Sci/Tech A new smart material can de-ice any surface Next Article > Good news! Kangana Ranaut's 'Queen' is all set to have a sequel < Previous ArticleNext Article > North Carolina floodwaters, death toll rise as Hurricane Matthew heads to sea Next node Good news! Kangana Ranaut's 'Queen' is all set to have a sequel Related Wireless brain implants to help paralytics walk in weeks Link found between your brain and your consciousness 'Tuning-in' brain can treat chronic pain Video Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut Watch: New York flash mob dances in support of Hillary Clinton and her pantsuits! Watch | 'There will be Kashmir but not Pakistan': Indian soldier's poem goes viral View all Tags Brain Brain Size yawning animals humans State University of New York Cortex Andrew Gallup science SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Police teams to monitor social media to root out rumours Iconic 'Afghan girl' Sharbat Gula to travel to India for treatment 10 mn new Rs 500 notes dispatched Demonetization | 50 days for a new India: Modi turns tables on detractors in combative & emotional speeches Mall hosts Aryanagar’s Mighty Raju and Arjun Sport India v/s England: We proved that we can play in sub-continent: Alastair Cook India v/s England: A draw to ponder upon India v/s England: We know how to draw games now: Virat Kohli Former Delhi players seek affiliation as DDCA runs out of time, money I am not a match-fixer, insists Alviro Petersen Entertainment Watch: The action packed trailer of 'Ghost in the Shell' is not one to be missed SRK doesn’t let real Raees’s son rise Tiger keeps everything bottled in: Ayesha Shroff Children’s Day special: My favourite kiddie film is... Shah Rukh Khan's pole dance on 'Yaaron Ki Baraat' is something you shouldn't miss! Money Jet Airways to operate flights to Fiji, Shanghai FPI inflows at $4.5 billion in Q2; DIIs turn net sellers: ICICI Demonetization: Amid chaos and growing public anger, Modi holds meeting with senior minister Consumption cos face tough Q3 on note ban No ulterior motive on Boards’ independence: Cyrus Mistry Partner site: Zee News ©2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
ANDROID IOS Home Video ALL NEWS BULLETIN AAP KI ADALAT AAJ KI BAAT CRICKET KI BAAT POLITICS CRIME ENTERTAINMENT ASTROLOGY India Tv Contest Hints LiveTV ALL ANCHORS PROGRAMS SHOW TIMINGS India ALL NATIONAL POLITICS World Entertainment ALL BOLLYWOOD TV MASALA HOLLYWOOD MOVIE REVIEW REGIONAL Photos ALL INDIA ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS FASHION & LIFESTYLE WORLD POLITICS AUTO & GADGET Sports ALL CRICKET SOCCER TENNIS HOCKEY OTHER Buzz ALL MOUTHFUL WHO CARES LIFE TECH AUTO BLAH Business ALL MARKETS TECH AUTO ECONOMY REAL STATE Lifestyle ALL TRAVEL HEALTH FASHION FOOD DATING CELEBS BEAUTY Astro Home Video Live India World Entertainment Photos Sports Buzz Business Lifestyle Astro India Tv Contest Hints Lifestyle You are here: Home Lifestyle The longer you yawn, the bigger your brain: Study The longer you yawn, the bigger your brain: Study Currently reading: The longer you yawn, the bigger your brain: Study #Brain, #Bigger, #Sleep, #Tired, #Study India TV Lifestyle Desk, New York [Published on:10 Oct 2016, 11:54:36] People tend to yawn when they are tired and bored but according to a new study the length of a yawn can indicate how big your brain is. Researchers from the State University of New York in the US have found evidence that the animals with bigger brains are more variable in the length of their yawns. The researchers scanned YouTube to find a bunch of different animals yawning. They looked at the videos of 29 mammals yawning to calculate the average length of their yawns. The animals had their brain weight already documented in an earlier research. When the researchers crunched the numbers, they realised that brain weight and the number of neurons in the outer layer of the brain called cortex can reliably predict yawn length. For instance, gorillas, horses, walruses and African elephants may have huge sizes but they have shorter yawns than humans because the size of their brains are smaller compared with ours. The findings suggest that the length of yawn does not correlate to the size of the body but to the size of the brain, 'Tech Times' reported. The research team led by Andrew Gallup, from the State University of New York also found that the animals with bigger brain were more variable in the length of their yawns. According to Liz Cirulli Rogers, from Duke University School of Medicine, it is possible that more intelligent animals have different types of yawn in response to different stimuli while the less-intelligent ones only have one type of yawn. "We show that both the mean and variance in yawn duration are robust predictors of mammalian brain weight and cortical neuron number," Gallup added. (With agency input) X From Our Network SOPOSTED Will you marry Rahul Gandhi? From suicide to sex change, watch how Mumbai girls SOPOSTED Six-year-old girl forced to marry a 55-year-old man in exchange of food and goat SOPOSTED Watch what happens when a new iPhone 7 is smashed by a 1.3kg hammer (VIDEO) Recommended Farmer in Karnataka duped with ‘fake’ Rs. 2,000 note Hockey India chief Narinder Batra becomes first non-European President of FIH 2016: All you need to about the season of Bollwood sequels In Pics: PM Modi’s 3-day visit to Japan PM Narendra Modi masterful oration hit hard against black money Finance Ministry raises ATM withdrawal limit to Rs 2,500 per day No worries even if ‘Dangal’ suffers: Aamir Khan bats in favour of PM Modi returns home after historic Japan visit Big Yawns Means Big Brains SITE INDEX India TV Contact Us About Us Careers Advertise Complaint Redressal In the Press Salaam India Awards Investors Column 21 Years Aap ki Adalat BE connected Mobile Zone Mail Alerts Facebook Twitter Fan Blogs on Wordpress Fan Blogs on Blogspot India Tv Contest Hints Other Services Live TV Buzz Photos Videos Gold Contest Latest News in Hindi News India Sports News Business News India Business News Stock Market Live Gold Price © 2009-2016 Independent News Service. All rights reserved. Site Map| Legal disclaimer| Privacy Policy| CSR Policy Scroll
  Search Prayers Nation Crime Current Affairs Politics In Other News World Australia and New Zealand Neighbours Asia Africa America Europe Middle East South Telangana Andhra Pradesh Tamil Nadu Karnataka Kerala Entertainment Theatre Music Bollywood Kollywood Sandalwood Tollywood Television Movie Reviews Mollywood Hollywood Sports Badminton Cricket Football Tennis In Other News Business Autos Companies Economy In Other News Market Technology Gadgets In Other News Mobiles and Tabs Lifestyle Viral and Trending Health and Wellbeing Sex and Relationship Fashion and Beauty Food and Recipes Travel Books and Art Pets and Environment Gallery Opinion Columnists DC Comment Op Ed Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks     e-Paper | Sunday Chronicle     Auto Refresh Search Prayers Monday, Nov 14, 2016 | Last Update : 09:47 AM IST Nation World South Entertainment Sports Business Technology Lifestyle Gallery Opinion More... Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks Lifestyle, Health and Wellbeing Longer yawns may indicate bigger brains: study PTI Published Oct 10, 2016, 8:34 am IST Updated Oct 10, 2016, 1:37 pm IST Animals with bigger brains are more variable in the length of their yawns.  The length of yawn does not correlate to the size of the body but to the size of the brain (Photo: AFP) New York: A longer yawn may correlate to a bigger brain size, according to a new study which also found that the animals with bigger brains are more variable in the length of their yawns. Researchers from the State University of New York in the US looked at the videos of 29 mammals yawning to calculate the average length of their yawns. The animals had their brain weight already documented in an earlier research. When the researchers crunched the numbers, they realised that brain weight and the number of neurons in the outer layer of the brain called cortex can reliably predict yawn length. For instance, gorillas, horses, walruses and African elephants may have huge sizes but they have shorter yawns than humans because the size of their brains are smaller compared with ours. The findings suggest that the length of yawn does not correlate to the size of the body but to the size of the brain, 'Tech Times' reported. The research team led by Andrew Gallup, from the State University of New York also found that the animals with bigger brain were more variable in the length of their yawns. According to Liz Cirulli Rogers, from Duke University School of Medicine, it is possible that more intelligent animals have different types of yawn in response to different stimuli while the less-intelligent ones only have one type of yawn. "We show that both the mean and variance in yawn duration are robust predictors of mammalian brain weight and cortical neuron number," Gallup added. Tags: yawn, health and well being, brain size Related Stories What yawning says about you There’s also a link between how well you know someone and how likely you are to yawn, researchers found. 04 Apr 2016 12:36 AM Not catching a yawn may be a sign that you're a psychopath: study Those with less empathy wore more likely to respond to contagious yawning 21 Aug 2015 8:08 PM We yawn to cool our brains: study Study says yawning cools the brain to improve arousal and mental efficiency 07 May 2014 8:30 PM World Gallery Bomb blast at Pakistan's Sufi shrine kills scores, ISIS claims onus After India, Japan ink nuclear deal, Modi and Abe ride on famed bullet train Donald Trump's victory sets off protests in US Donald Trump becomes 45th US President Thousands in Paris protest Turkey's Kurdish crackdown Hillary Clinton tries to tap Beyonce's Beehive in search for votes ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR   Had only wanted a fling with Akshay Kumar, reveals Twinkle Khanna   Alibaba's Jack Ma to support his 8-year-old look-alike   After 50 years of unmatchable cinematic contribution, Jackie Chan wins Oscar!   ‘Rock On 2’ song is a copied version of famous Meghalaya folk anthem?   Polling expert eats bugs after Trump win   Watch: Virat Kohli jokes with umpire, commentators burst out laughing ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT More From Health and Wellbeing 3 arthritis pain drugs prove equally safe for the heart Do kids take years off your life? New technique can provide a boost for treating infertility Bullying in school can be cause for obesity in adulthood Your tears can help detect and prevent breast cancer ADVERTISEMENT Home Asian Age Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Classifieds Book Classifieds Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2015 Deccan Chronicle. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Deccan Chronicle Service Daksh Patrika By Daksham × Prayers
​ Eve Woman - Womans World : Make praise appropriate, not addictive ☰ Home Achieving Woman My Man Parenting Relationships Your Home Health Food Readers Lounge Glam Wedding Home › Article 2016-10-09 18:59:37 2016-10-09 18:57:11 The Standard : Eve Woman 40 58 250 385 Make praise appropriate, not addictive By John Muturi Sun 09th Oct 2016 Photo; Courtesy Praise is like icing on a cake. A little makes it taste better and too much will ruin everything. Children need your encouragement and love it when you recognize their accomplishments. But don’t ruin their trust by leading them to believe every little thing they do is worthy of adoration and a chorus of cheers. When they find out otherwise, they’ll be crushed and probably blame you for making them so needy of approval. Most of us have evolved as parents believing that showering a child with praise is like eating chocolate — the more the better. But complimenting children in certain ways may set them up to become praise addicts who look to their parents or others for validation all the time rather than developing an internal barometer for self-esteem and feelings of accomplishment and achievement. Children who are praised in such a way that evaluates them or their traits and abilities (known as person praise) are more likely to display helpless reactions when challenge with more difficult tasks than children who are praised because of effort or strategy. This means that children who are praised for self (traits such as physical attractiveness, intelligence, or possessions) are likely to deal poorly with problems and challenges than are children who are complimented for their work effort, regardless of prior success. Thus, when you compliment work effort, you often help lead your child to a solid work ethic that will continue to develop as she grows. When parents express appreciation for what a child has accomplished by focusing on the effort or the method used to accomplish the task, rather than by labeling or evaluating the child as a whole, this sets the stage for perseverance in later years. Praise for the effort, strategy and persistence that children put into their accomplishments recognizes their achievements than ability praise does. Children should be praised for how they do their work rather than for the final product or their IQ score. How not to raise a praise addict  - Praise the process rather than the person. See Also: Step-by-step development of your 11-month old baby How parents have embraced the long holiday Kizungumkuti: Should you test your house help for HIV? -  Say to your child; “Stacking blocks is tough for a little guy like you, let’s keep trying.” Rather than “You’re so smart. Stacking blocks will be a piece of cake!” Be specific Praise so that your children will understand exactly what behavior you are complimenting. Say, “That was a tough math problem and I saw that you were becoming frustrated. But you stuck with it,” rather than. “Good job on your math homework.” Praise often, but don’t overdo it Too much praise tends to water down the effectiveness and purpose of complimenting. Many children and teenagers complain that they are skeptical of their parents’ praise because, “It’s just my mum saying I’m pretty. She has to say that because she’s my mother.” If you want your children to trust and to believe in you, then you have to be believable. Love unconditionally, but praise conditionally No matter what your children do, you certainly love them. However, they don’t need to be enveloped with compliments around the clock — it’s too much for them to absorb and to believe, and too draining for you. You can be an effective parent if you praise only when it’s deserved. Our children will develop their self-concept largely from how the real world treats them. And most of us are respected for our work ethic, not just for showing up or for what we possess. Recommended for you Step-by-step development of your 11-month old baby Sat 12th Nov 2016 How parents have embraced the long holiday Sat 12th Nov 2016 Kizungumkuti: Should you test your house help for HIV? Thu 10th Nov 2016 My Mwende has a Wafula! I’m finished Thu 10th Nov 2016 How to ace that diaper change Wed 09th Nov 2016 The good, the bad and ugly experiences of a young mother. Tue 08th Nov 2016 Reasons as to why breast milk isn't overrated Tue 08th Nov 2016 Crucial things to watch out for in baby's first year of development Tue 08th Nov 2016 Why you should be careful about sleeping your infant on sofas Tue 08th Nov 2016 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ​ ADVERTISEMENT LATEST STORIES Planning to build a house? No short-cuts, this is what you should consider Veronica CheropSun 13 Nov 2016 Simple ways on how to have flawless, fresh foundation all day Naomi MruttuSun 13 Nov 2016 How 'kuku choma' led to pizza then the big I Do Wilberforce OkwiriSun 13 Nov 2016 What you need to know about stroke Vip OgolaSun 13 Nov 2016 Can one dye a human hair weave? Find out! Renee WesongaSun 13 Nov 2016 My baby daddy is my uncle. How do I tell my son? TaurusSun 13 Nov 2016 When Clandes make a fuss about baby daddy's riches after he dies Kamau MuthoniSun 13 Nov 2016 I'm I a boy or a girl? My secret dilemma Nanjinia WamuswaSun 13 Nov 2016 Steps to creating goals that work Tania NgimaSat 12 Nov 2016 He left me as soon as he discovered I had fibroids TaurusSat 12 Nov 2016 ADVERTISEMENT TRENDING STORIES Can one dye a human hair weave? Find out! Renee Wesonga Sun 13 Nov 2016 How 'kuku choma' led to pizza then the big I Do Wilberforce Okwiri Sun 13 Nov 2016 I'm I a boy or a girl? My secret dilemma Nanjinia Wamuswa Sun 13 Nov 2016 My baby daddy is my uncle. How do I tell my son? Taurus Sun 13 Nov 2016 Planning to build a house? No short-cuts, this is what you should consider Veronica Cherop Sun 13 Nov 2016 What you need to know about stroke Vip Ogola Sun 13 Nov 2016 Simple ways on how to have flawless, fresh foundation all day Naomi Mruttu Sun 13 Nov 2016 When Clandes make a fuss about baby daddy's riches after he dies Kamau Muthoni Sun 13 Nov 2016 Sexual Prowess? Four things you should never tell your girlfriends about your man Naomi Kamau Thu 10 Nov 2016 How to date a girl born in the 1990s Silas Nyanchwani Thu 10 Nov 2016 NEWS Kenya World Politics Business Opinion Health Magazines Sports Lifestyle RSS Feeds ENTERTAINMENT Gossip Pulse Entertainment News Celebs Video Reviews Events Spritual Gallery Crazy Monday STANDARD DIGITAL SITES Standard Digital Mobile KTN Home KTN News Radio Maisha Standard Digital Entertainment EveWoman Game Yetu The Nairobian uReport Epaper Corporate Jobs OTHER LINKS Contact Us Rate Card Tenders Vacancies DCX O.M Portal Corporate Email Terms & Conditions Privacy Contact Us © 2016 Standard Media Group. Standard Digital. Standard Digital Entertainment. Permission to use quotations of upto 75 words from this website is granted subject to appropriate credit being given to www.evewoman.co.ke as the source
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts Jobs News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All Living All Living Joe Wicks Real Life Dear Deidre Fabulous Virals Sun Mums Travel Money Health Sex Fashion and beauty Food Horoscopes Puzzles Mrs Crunch The end is nigh Aliens, disease or ‘grey goo’… here’s how scientists think humans will eventually go EXTINCT Scientists have spent decades obsessing over our extinction, and some of their terrifying theories are far more plausible than you'd think By GEORGE HARRISON 9th October 2016, 1:35 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments HUMANS have walked the earth for over a million years, but how much longer does our species have left? Scientists have spent decades obsessing over how humans will go extinct, and some of their terrifying theories are far more plausible than you’d like to think. We’ve seen nightmare scenarios unfold in countless disaster movies, but we all know that one day our species will be no more. Whilst it’s possible that our population could decline naturally, or that we will evolve into a new, better species, there are also some less comforting theories about human extinction. From angry aliens to grey goo, here are some of science’s most terrifying takes on how humans will go extinct… Alamy 8 Researchers have always obsessed over how our species will go extinct… and there are some terrifying theories flying around A pandemic Some theorists believe that an unstoppable disease will tear through the ever-growing human population – and it may end up being so deadly that nobody can live through it. A virus capable of using other species as carriers could conceivably infect every human on Earth, just as terrifying antibiotic-resistant bacteria poses a threat to our very existence. Getty Images 8 An antibiotic-resistant strain of bacteria, or a deadly virus which spreads between species, could spell the end for humanity Nuclear or biological war If a third world war were to break out, then the next arms race could signal the beginning of the end for our species. Earth-shattering nuclear weapons could develop even further, or omnicidal terrorists could weaponise an antibiotic-resistant disease and unleash it on the world. Alamy 8 A full-scale nuclear conflict would wipe out nearly all humans on Earth, and the survivors would struggle to cope in an irradiated wasteland Grey goo As nanotechnology advances, humans are becoming better at making sophisticated, tiny robots, which could one day be capable of self replicating and building more of themselves. Scientists worry that a self-replicating robot could theoretically consume everything on the planet as it clones itself over and over again, as part of a scenario known as “grey goo.” Alamy 8 Scientists could one day develop microscopic robots which can clone themselves – and consume the planet in the process Black holes or asteroids Threats from space are just as terrifying – an asteroid could wipe out humans the same way it could have wiped out the dinosaurs. Alternatively, a black hole could consume the planet, and there were even fears that the atom-smashing Hadron Collider would accidentally create one on Earth. Alamy 8 A black hole could swallow up Earth, and nobody knows what would happen to the planet if it did Alien invasion Another extraterrestrial threat comes in the form of a dangerous alien species, which could destroy or conquer earth with their superior technology. Scientists actually believe this is a possibility, although they conclude that it’s very unlikely. Alamy 8 A militarily-advanced race of angry aliens could enslave or destroy humanity, if they ever came across us AI The creators of the first super-intelligent AI could end up being outsmarted by it – and it could be capable of destroying the world. Researchers fear that Artificial Intelligence could lead to the creation of robot armies, or one god-like computer being with the power to wipe out humanity. 8 Killer robots could take over the world, especially if a researcher were to develop artificial intelligence to command them Habitat threats The expanding Sun will eventually become so powerful that the Earth’s oceans will start to evaporate, and our planet’s climate will change forever. Before then, the extinction of other species, pollution or natural changes in the Earth’s atmosphere may make our planet uninhabitable. Alamy 8 As the Sun expands, it will change Earth’s climate – and eventually swallow up the entire planet Related Stories ZUCKMAGEDDON Facebook boss Mark Zuckerberg speaks out over fears killer robots will wipe out humanity DEEP IMPACT NASA sends robotic spacecraft on mission to intercept asteroid threatening to WIPE OUT humanity BEGINNING OF THE END? Experts reckon humans have already sparked Earth's sixth 'great extinction' nasa fears NASA launches probe to investigate huge asteroid it fears could one day hit Earth DARK TIMES AHEAD Supermassive black hole will SWALLOW THE EARTH, astronomer warns Topics Science Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in Living Fast food gets faster McDonald's is going to let you use your phone to pay and order in advance Living CHRISTMAS NUMBER ONE People are saying Marks & Spencer's Christmas advert is BETTER than John Lewis' Living Trump trumpet Terrifying 'apocalypse sound' heard throughout the world is being blamed on Trump's election win Living Better chance of buying a dodo Hatchimals SELL OUT as parents flock to buy this year's £60 must-have Christmas toy Living OH BROTHER! Remember Big Brother’s Orlaith McAllister? Well she looks even hotter now Living 'The best so far' Waitrose joins the battle of the Christmas ads and people think it beats John Lewis AND Marks & Spencer Living IS HEALTHY EATING MAKING YOU FAT? From secret sugars to second-helpings, we reveal the 4 most common dieting downfalls Living Dear Deidre I've been having sex with three amazing women but now I can't choose whether to leave lovers or my wife Living 'The shameless, audacious bawler' Nostradamus predicted Trump's victory and said it would trigger the end of the world Living DEAR DEIDRE I'm pregnant after the ultimate dirty weekend... and my baby has three potential fathers Living Exclusive 'Every girl has faked an orgasm' Perrie Edwards and the Little Mix girls talk boyfriends, body image and saucy selfies Living A White House Christmas John Lewis Christmas ad gets a hilarious makeover with Obama and Hillary... and you can probably… Living Video ET Invasion Fears Alien hunters in a frenzy after 'burning UFO' is caught on camera flying over Peruvian capital Living BETTER SEX Women should try 'de-armouring' their vagina to improve their sex lives, according to a new concept Living Insta-sham? Blogger who poses for photos all over the world finds a woman has been FOLLOWING her and mimicking her poses Living Most Popular Fast food gets faster McDonald's is going to let you use your phone to pay and order in advance Living Video FIX FACTOR Honey G reveals she's got a track lined up for next week's X Factor... moments after learning theme TV & Showbiz Exclusive EMILY'S OUT ON STREET Corrie legend Eileen Derbyshire leaves soap after 55yrs - ending reign as its longest serving actress TV & Showbiz Exclusive TRAM 'TEXT' HORROR Croydon tram crash driver was 'texting' as vehicle sped round corner 'significantly' above the permitted… News Latest THE WALL WILL BE BUILT Donald Trump says he will 'immediately' deport three million illegal immigrants and insists he WILL… News CHRISTMAS NUMBER ONE People are saying Marks & Spencer's Christmas advert is BETTER than John Lewis' Living back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz LIZARD MAN DEAD Tattooed biker gang enforcer known as 'Lizard Man' and ex-girlfriend found dead in apartment News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News 'WHy are you even on the show?' Xtra Factor viewer angers Nicole Scherzinger by trolling Ryan Lawrie live on air TV & Showbiz It's back! Michelle Keegan's wedding ring returns as she wows in strapless dress alongside handsome husband Mark Wright TV & Showbiz Trump trumpet Terrifying 'apocalypse sound' heard throughout the world is being blamed on Trump's election win Living KEEPING OFF THE RADAR 'Bored' missing schoolboy, 15, could be using Bear Grylls' survival skills to stay alive News 'SCREW YOU' Jacqueline Jossa hits out at online trolls who claimed she was pregnant with baby number 2 TV & Showbiz CHRISTMAS STARTS TOMORROW Amazon launches massive 12-day sale BEFORE Black Friday super sale with discounts up to 87% News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile Photo Gallery Videos SPORTS Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science SHOWBIZ Red Hot Reviews Movies Glamtalk Bookworm TV Celebrity Romance Recipes Pics Video And More HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO 290 US votes for trump 232 NewsTrump's JourneyHillary Accepts DefeatResult AnalysisWorld ViewHistoryAstroPics Latest News » Science & Environment » Environment ﻿ Longer yawns may correlate to bigger brain size, claims study Last Updated: Sunday, October 9, 2016 - 19:00 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Image for representational purpose only Zee Media Bureau Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi: As per a new study, a longer yawn may correlate to a much bigger brain size, say experts. Further, researchers say that the animals with bigger brain tend to be more variable in the length of their yawns. Researchers from the State University of New York in the US looked at the videos of 29 mammals yawning to calculate the average length of their yawns. The animals had their brain weight already documented in an earlier research. When the researchers crunched the numbers, they realised that brain weight and the number of neurons in the outer layer of the brain called cortex can reliably predict yawn length. For instance, gorillas, horses, walruses and African elephants may have huge sizes but they have shorter yawns than humans because the size of their brains are smaller compared with ours. The findings suggest that the length of yawn does not correlate to the size of the body but to the size of the brain, 'Tech Times' reported. The research team led by Andrew Gallup, from the State University of New York also found that the animals with bigger brain were more variable in the length of their yawns. According to Liz Cirulli Rogers, from Duke University School of Medicine, it is possible that more intelligent animals have different types of yawn in response to different stimuli while the less-intelligent ones only have one type of yawn. "We show that both the mean and variance in yawn duration are robust predictors of mammalian brain weight and cortical neuron number," Gallup added. (With PTI inputs) First Published: Sunday, October 9, 2016 - 19:00 More from zeenews   India Demonetisation: PM Modi seeks 50 days to overcome crisis, says more anti-graft measures on anvil Demonetisation has hit core of terror funding: Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar New chiefs of CBI, Intelligence Bureau and R&AW in new year, search on: Report More from India World Violence in northern Syria kills 23 Bulgaria PM quits after pro-Russia candidate wins presidential vote Sorrowful France marks first anniversary of Paris massacre More from World Sports Valencia Grand Prix: Jorge Lorenzo signs off at Yamaha with season finale victory, secures third behind Marc Marquez and Valentino Rossi ATP Tour Finals: Gritty Novak Djokovic avoids Dominic Thiem upset in London Usain Bolt to Borussia Dortmund: World's fastest man to join German giants for training More from Sports Entertainment Mindsets and self-regulation of students impact their ability to learn: Study Infants seated in car for long can lead to suffocation risk, says study Kumkum Bhagya - Episode 711: Abhi leaves in quest for Pragya More from Entertaiment Health With a surge in diabetic retinopathy, does India have enough avenues to deal with it? Flu shots, access to medication help kids combat asthma Winter special: Get rid of cracked heels with these simple home remedies! More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Note ban: PM Modi pledges fifty days; is India ready to cooperate? Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money Dr Subhash Chandra Show: Know the importance of having a purpose in life Note ban: Dr Subhash Chandra appeals to people for patience and time Watch: People have to wait in long queues at ATM's and banks OMG! Locals cut open giant snake... guess what comes out next – this viral video crossed over 2 lakh views DISTURBING VIDEO: Man dies of heart attack while talking to family - Weak-hearted people SHOULDN'T WATCH Demonetisation: Banks issue new series of Rs 500 notes Bigg Boss 10: This is what Salman Khan has to say about Narendra Modi's demonetisation masterstroke Govt looking into sudden 'propping up' of money in Jan Dhan account deposits TAGS yawn longer yawn bigger brain size State university New York Photos At the lux awards last night- Shahid Kapoor, It's cold in #geneva #switzerland- Mallika Sherawat Sudarsan Pattnaik has created a sand art, Jackie Chan at the 2016 Governors Awards, Meri Jaan Hindustan marathon India vs England 2016 : 1st Test, Rajkot Top Videos Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money Note ban: PM Modi pledges fifty days; is India ready to cooperate? Earthquake of intensity 7.4 hits New Zealand; tsunami alert issued Note ban: Dr Subhash Chandra appeals to people for patience and time More from other Sections Brazilian Grand Prix: Lewis Hamilton wins chaotic race, Nico Rosberg comes second Live updates, AUS vs SA 2016: 2nd Test, Day 3 – Proteas take 241-run lead after Quinton de Kock's ton Bigg Boss 10: Navin Prakash gets evicted; India wale upset Shah Rukh Khan is comfortable with women, says Katrina Kaif World Diabetes Day 2016: How can diabetes affect your eyes? Protein drives inflammation in rheumatoid arthritis patients contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Red Hot Reviews Movies Glam Talk Bookworm Recipes TV Celebrity Romance Pics Videos And More Exclusive Blogs sports Cricket Football World Motorsports Golf Others Softspot Debate Blogs Exclusive Pics Videos business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business Photo Gallery India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Malayalam Kerala Districts India World Sports Movies Health NRI Photos Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2016 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
